
First one has bad IMEI # and so as the replacement.  Replacement actually came in the next day.  But....What I supposed to do, return both of them?

I've had this phone for 2 months. It worked well for the first month and a half and then started acting up. At first it the screen would occasionally not light up when the button was pressed while on a call. This meant I couldn't hang up or press anything on the touch screen. The phone has gotten progressively worse and now I need to take the battery out when I want to end a call. You know when you call somewhere and need to press 1, nope, I can't do that either.Restarting it helps for like 10 minutes. After that it is buggy again. I brought it to AT&T; and the girl at the store restarted it and basically told me I didn't know how to press a button. Funny thing, I could press the button correctly for the first month and a half and I press it correctly when I turn it on! It just doesn't function when I am in a call.

This phone is amazing for the price the quality is ridiculous, the pictures are phenomenal. Defiantly a great phone no need for a 800.00 dollar iPhone when this one does the job ... and better..

I would recommend this phone to anyone easy to use comfortable in your hand and looks better in person than on line like a brand new phone.

The Nokia Lumia 520 is a great device, and even better at the price point Amazon is offering it at.In the past I've used iOS and Android, and this was my first experience with Windows Phone as an OS. It is every bit as capable as the other two, and infact is a very easy to use and snappy mobile device OS. If the App ecosystem worries you, do know it is growing everyday. I think they only real concern should be if you absolutely rely on an app that is not currently available on the OS.Nokia makes a very solid phone, I've dropped this phone quite a few times (because at this price point I'm less careful than I was with my iPhone and Nexus 4) and it has held up very well. There are a few apps that can lag a bit, but one must remember that this is an entry level phone for WP. Nokia's apps, especially the camera, HERE Maps, and Nokia Music are all fantastic, and don't cost you a penny. If you're worried about data, the maps you'll use in HERE Maps are all downloadable, which means your Turn-by-turn GPS is snappy because it isn't downloading the map as you go.As for service I'm using the Lumia 520 on Straight Talk's network, using one of thier AT&T; SIMs, and am having no issues. The phone is able to make calls, texts, and use MMS and Data.All in all, if you set your expectations correctly for the phone (don't buy it thinking it is a flagship device, because it just isn't) then you'll likely be very happy with your purchase. I absolutely recommend this device.

Simply put, you can't get a better device for less money at this time. Whether you like WP or not, this device is great for those wanting an inexpensive but high quality device. I use Android primarily.  Because my primary device doesn't carry insurance, this is what I use when my primary device would be at higher risk.

Awesome Phone For Such Price, Who are looking For Simple and Best those can go for this Mobile and can Njoy Windows 8 Features...

Difficult to figure out how it works ... too  sensitive touch...dials numbers I did not want ...  will not take messages...and when I dial a number with a &#34;1&#34; in it  ...it often refuses it and I can not call that phone number......may send it back!

The phone was worth the money. Their are hardly any apps but, I have no extra fees on my phone plan since I'm not leasing a phone & it's not worth the money to add insurance on the phone because it's so cheap after paying the deductible (and getting a refurbished phone) its cheaper to buy another new phone.

love this phone

Cheap smart phone! well made and built to last. It might be cheap but does not feel that way. I would tell others to get it.

I ordered this phone in January. I love the phone but I haven't even had it 2 months and already the touch screen stopped working in places. Very frustrating.

Absolutely love this phone. It easily outperforms any phone in this price range. The offline navigation is a huge plus.

I am one cheap son of a gun. Everyone in my family has had iPhones for years but I refused to pay extra for all the razzle dazzle and data prices.Finally AT&T; came through with a family data plan for about half of what we were paying (was around $250/month, the new plan is $160 for a family of four). So I drove over to the Microsoft store where you can get an educator discount and walked out with one very inexpensive smartphone.I've used it for about a month with zero problems. I check the weather, the stock market, my email (does not quite sync with my Yahoo account, deleted mail still shows up on my desktop computer), and- most important- I can finally text my kids without pushing a tiny button three times to create one letter. Even cooler than that, I can speak my texts and they are very accurately interpreted. All for less than $60 and no cruel two year contract. Wow. I am in smartphone/cheap guy heaven.

Got it for $45 lightning deal. I don't think one can get a smartphone with all high end features (except front camera/flash) for this price even for $54 quoted now. No slowness or sluggishness due to 512MB RAM for the few apps I normally use. Using H20 as my carrier. Nothing to complain. Its the best deal for good performance phone...

Good phone, bought it for my parents overseas, i was able buy an unlock code for only $3 from a website called fireunlock. Its a nice simple phone

Pro:  very smooth and automatically sync with my home windows 8 PCs.Con:  fully charged battery only good for 1 day to 1 1/2 days.

This is a great entry level smartphone.  Windows is a nice, simple os.  Fantastic deal for the price.  Would recommend!

I got these just for the apps. I love xbox Achievements and this helps me expand my horizon while away from home.Many games come out for windows phone only too. So this helps.I've only had it less than a month and had to do a system restore already.What can I say. I got it during black Friday week and only paid 30$.Definitely a steal in my mind. And if my phone ever dies.. I have a backup now.Great for playing games at work.

I got this for my husband since he has never had a sart phone and was very reluctant in getting one. This was a perfect starter smart phone for him and with in a few hours he had fallin in love with it:) That is a success in my book!

Broke my att phone and with 5 lines couldn't afford insurance on all of them, so this was a much better option. The price was less that two months of insurance for the 5 phones so I've already saved money! This is a great phone for being a bare bones smart phone! Switching to windows from android wasn't hard, only thing I don't like about it, it you can make your own ringtones and customize your ringer, but you cannot use anything tones other that what came on the phone as your text message or any other notification tone. I can't hear my text message tone as well as I could my Woo Hoo Text message tone from my android, but that aside, I love this phone!

I love windows..I love what they are doing with their computers and stuff. But i say please stick too your desktops and Labtops.The Windows phone comes with Skydrive that automattically backs up all your photos and videos. I love that but the reason i give it 3 stars is because of the problems i have had with this phone. The First Lumia 520 i had the Audio jack or head phone jack messed up so i sent it back to get a new one. ok no problem. Now the new one i have for some weird reason shuts off the display and doesnt let me see the screen for no apparent reason which makes it very annoying when getting texts i cant see, and it also appears that my battery life is somewhat dwindling. Another problem i have is the level of apps this phone can have which is not much. WIndows store does not have much apps, so if you love the selection of apps from Google play, and the iphone app store, i would advise too not get this phone.

before 19th of sep the nokia lumia 520 was valueble item because it was easy to unlcok and cheap but now if you want to buy and use outside of USA you have to pay a lot of money

This phone is an absolute steal!For $54, you get a pretty decent windows phone and you don't even have to get a contract.Probably the best feature that you can use on this phone is the offline turn-by-turn navigation using G-Maps and HereDrive. My wife and I tested it out in Maryland and it works surprisingly very well, although some streets are missing. I was very impressed that a phone had this feature which worked fairly well using NO data plan!If not for anything, get it just for the Offline navigation - a pretty cheap navigation system that doubles up as a smartphone.

I've only had the phone for 2 months and now it will no longer turn on. I've never had a phone just stop working on me, especially one so new. Not to mention after I bought the phone the price went down by $10. I did read what other reviewers had to say and turned off the data so my bill was only $25 a month but Virgin Mobile is still cheaper as I paid that much and had data. The map system was very out of date. The phone was fun and had some nice features though the camera was just average if that. I did purchase a warranty with the phone but it's easier for me just to get another phone and I'll be going back to Virgin with a lesson learned.

I have been using this and I just love it !!!! . I strongly recommend it :). I also own a post paid At&t Nokia Lumia 1020 and I like both of them !!! . I got a Samsung phone before and they very bad phones.

My son loves the phone and it works really great. The windows phone has a lot of features that teenagers really love. He rather have this phone than any other.

So far this phone has been really good.  It does so much.  I really like it.  It is easy to use and a good well made phone.

This phone is pretty great if you are familiar with Windows 8. (Which I am.) There are a few issues that I don't really like about the phone though.The battery is sort of weak.When watching videos, or talking the battery pack gets infernally hot. That is a new development...The three buttons at the bottom (back arrow, Windows Button and Search) don't light up, I know on the more expensive models they do.They use Bing as a search engine... (enough said)Other than those issues I REALLY enjoy this phone. I have had it for a few months and it hasn't had any major problems dropped it once but no major damage. Pretty solid (NOKIA) I love the speed and the screen sensitivity. Overall, I would recommend this to someone that wants a smartphone on a budget.

It came earlier than expected,even on a Sunday! The only disappointment was that I rushed and ordered it without checking for a front facing camera.Also, the body of the phone is lighter than the original Windows phone, not by Nokia. WELL, the price was less expensive than what I had originally ordered from QVC. SO  I will have to buy a real camera for work.Overall., I was ecstatic for the extra cash in the bank.

The only reason I bought this phone is I like Nokia products, and I am happy that it meets my expectations. The only drawback I found in this phone is the build quality, its screen as well as its back body. I think because of the sharp edges the screen is prone to breaking easily. Infact, the first Lumia 520 fell off my hand (from almost 2 feet height) and broke, there were large cracks on the screen, luckily Amazon replaced it with a new piece.It takes good pictures, the screen quality is good,touch is super sensitive, battery life is decent, Windows has sufficient apps. It feels good in hand. Overall its a nice product, worth buying for the price.

Phone is affordable and easy to connect with current AT&T plan.

Apps seem to be able to connect to the net but internet explorer refuses to go online (blank black screen). However, voice call works and hence 1 star

I was expecting the 520 to have sloppy build quality and a washed out screen, but what I got was a very well built phone with a great display. This phone is perfect for feature phone users  and even people wanting to give WP8 a test. I recommend it!

I loved this phone when I first bought it. After only a month my speaker blew out. Amazon will not replace it, and the warranty I bought with the phone sucks. They will not send you a new phone, they want you to send your phone back to see if they van fix the issue. If you are someone like me, who can't go without your cell phone because you will be fired, I highly recommend  you choose another phone.

i purchased this to have fun with it, as a toy without activation.i liked it, until i found out headphone jack is defective.when i plug in a headphone, it sounds only cracking noises, can not use it at all as a mp3 player, which is i supposed to use.with the price, i didn't expected much, but it's little disappointing.

excellent phone and very cheap .thank you Amazon.

Given the Price, its just awesome. Once you install some apps available free in nokia stores, this is just the cheapest smartphone you can dream of.

It's cheap with multiple functions. I just need some time to get used to it. Maybe they should provide more detailed user's manual&#12290;

If i were to compare this to an apple product, I'd say it's comparable to an iphone 4 if we'll agree the 920 is like the iphone 5.  For $70 with no contract it's a great deal!!!  usually a great smart phone will cost you $599 w/o a contract.  great buy...get it..

The phone came in very good condition, well package and protected. At first when I got the phone had put the screen protector on it before activating the phone sensors. So when I had mad a call the screen was always going blank an I thought the phone was mal functioning but after reading reviews of previous buyers I saw that it was the screen protector. So now the phone work as said an expected of it. An I love it, take great pictures despite having no flash and the audio is loud and clear. I recommend it to anyone who is interested.

EATS BATTERIES, BRAND NEW BATTERIES IT EATS FASTER, LG KNOWN PROBLEM WITH THIS MODEL THOUGHT IT WAS MY DAUGHTER, BOY WAS I  WRONG.

I was looking for a phone that I could get without a contract that wouldnt cost me $400. This is it! It is a great phone for such a cheap price. It met and exceeded all of my expectations.

This is my first smartphone and I'm really pleased with its many features, its ease of use, and its price.Setting up was a breeze thanks to a 15 minute phone session with a GoPhone technical support person.I'm surprised at its light weight and convenient size--good-sized screen yet not at all bulky. The best surprise, and most important for anyone with a hearing problem, is that the audio signal is strong and clear.

For $40, what more could you ask for?  Outside of no rear flash or front facing camera, this phone will do everything you could ask for.  The storage is a bit small, so I would invest in a microSD card, 32GB can be had for about $12 shipped.The screen resolution is noticeable at 800x480 compared to the newer phones with 1080p screens, but for someone new to smartphones, and considering the price, its no big deal.  Compact enough, lightweight, and durable, with Nokia quality.Highly recommended for almost any reason you'd want a cell phone.  The OS runs smooth and WP8.1 has matured quite a bit, arguably putting in on par with Android and iOS, and in some instances, ahead.

If you are looking for a nicely featured smartphone, and don't want to pay a lot of money, this is a great choice.I replaced my 3 1/2 year old Samsung Focus (which was Windows Phone 7), and this is definitely a step up. The Focus was my favorite phone of all time, and this beats it. The 520 is snappy, has a decent screen, a good camera, and is easy to figure out and use.I dropped in a 32GB microSD, and it's got room for all my music (about 18GB worth), plus a large set of pictures and documents. A mobile version of Office means I can work with stuff produced by my desktop - admittedly at a minimal level. One nice app Office related app (available from the store for free) is a remote for Powerpoint, which ties to the desktop running your slides via Bluetooth.Bluetooth pairing with car audio worked first time out, where my son's iPhone 5 did not. There are also plenty of music apps available - Pandora and Spotify, for instance. The basic media player built in is adequate, and all I had to do for my music to work on the phone was drag my desktop's music folder over to the phone.The built in browser (IE) is adequate, and web page rendering is way faster than my Focus. Typing for texts and notes is about the same as any other smartphone, which means a lot of mistakes, but autocorrect smooths over most of them.I don't watch much video on my phone, and I don't use it for a reader, so I don't need or want the larger size of some of the other phones. This one is light and fits fine in my jeans pocket.Battery life so far is pretty good - several days even with WiFi and Bluetooth activated.And all this was (at the time I got it), just over fifty bucks. I'm not using this as a GoPhone - I have a regular wireless account and the ATT rep put in a new micro SIM card for nothing. My phone book and calendar synced from my Microsoft email account, and I was set to go.Only drawback I've seen so far: if you drop it, that back is almost certainly going to pop off and the battery will come out. I know there are other smartphones that do this, but it still gets on my nerves, and I don't really understand why they can't engineer something better. I got one of those rubberized cases to stop that, but it bulks up the phone so much I took it off.

Edit 9/30/13:After having the phone for close to a month, I changed my rating from 4 to 5.Battery:Battery life is great when I am not playing with my phone and mainly talking on the phone, check emails/facebook/twitter/calendar. Playing games beyond Ruzzle or Words by Post will the battery drain quickly (like Halo.) If I charge it in the morning a normal workday I will have maybe have 30-40% left by the end of the night.Talk/Text/Pics:The size and shape of makes it great to talk for long periods of time 2-3hrs. Less awkward than talking on the S3. Typing on the screen is getting easier with less mistakes but also I don't usually need to type much since it knows what sequence of words I use. Again I don't take many pictures but most pictures look pretty good and have good color balance. Definitely decent enough to post on social networks. Nokia Smart Cam is a great app.Apps:From some of the reviews I read, I don't think many people research the phone before buying it. If you are invested in Apple's or Google's ecosystem, then you will be disappointed. It wouldn't be any different if you were going from an Iphone to an Android phone.Using app discovery programs helped find quality apps (App Social, myAppfree.) Haven't had an issue with the lack of apps yet. Wish there were more choices of web browser as IE covers about 80% of my needs. UC Browser has a lot of features but is very buggy. The calendar is okay but like IE covers about 80% my needs. Been using Simple Calendar to get the other 20%. Haven't had an issue with syncing with my wife's google calendar.Like the People's feed more and more as well as the ability to create groups. Weave RSS reader is awesome. MyShopi (shopping app, crossplatform) replaced One Note and while it doesn't sync, the develop told me that the next version will. Using Bing for search has been fine for me but a big negative is that searching on the phone is not tied to MS Bing Rewards.Don't know why MS doesn't advertise it voice capabilities but you can answer and sent text by voice and search by voice for example. Haven't done too much with it but will probably start digging into it more. Also can translate using Bing Translator by voice, text or using your camera.Before buying the phone see what apps you need first. Just go to [...] and run a search for the apps you use.Conclusion:Great phone. Wish I had a data counter but using *777*1# been working out okay for me. There are limitations to this phone just like a multitude of other phones. It is a $100 no contract phone. It does not have all the apps that iOS or Android has. This is a locked phone but can be unlocked (haven't done but plenty have -- search "how to unlock lumia 520".) I see this phone as a phone that cost 1/6 the price of a flagship phone with maybe 80% of the features. See this review for more info ([...]By the way, Airvoice has been great so far. Good customer service and unlimited talk/text $30 (100MB data), $40 (1GB data) or $60 (3GB data.)Original 8/9/13:I was looking for a phone to use with one of AT&T; MNVOs, Airvoice Wireless. I am OS agnostic since this would be my first smartphone. My wife has a Samsung Galaxy S3 and it is a great phone but I didn't want a contract or pay $600+ for a phone due to the nature of my job.Iphones new/used are expensive unless you get a very old version. Android phones less than $200 are flawed in one way or another (too slow, old version OS, bad battery life, etc.) Realistically only the Nexus 4 was acceptable to me.The Nokia Lumia 520 does most of what I need it to do. It had all the apps I needed except Out of Milk (I use One Note instead). The speakerphone works great, the call quality is good. Using the WP8 is much better than I read and is very easy to use and learn. So far every app/game I installed runs smooth. I really like how I can sync Facebook and twitter and get everything in one feed without installing either app.Battery life could be a little bit better but it does last all day and while I don't use a phone to take pictures but it doesn't have flash or a front facing camera to use for Skype.This phone or the 521 are the best phones for under $200 if they fit your requirements.Overall a great phone

Using asca gps only. Does that fine. Nokia here with it's off line maps does the job with wifi updates

The phone itself is pretty good initially. When I first got the phone, I was pleasantly surprised with how light and reliable it was. The thing I liked most about the phone when I first got it was the long battery life and how quickly it charged. Very recently (I got the phone in January of 2014), however, I've noticed that while the battery life is only slightly down from where it was initially, it takes the phone several hours to recharge the battery now. I've also recently had some issues with texting. My biggest complaint about the phone has nothing to do with the phone itself but I think anyone considering it should be aware of this: the selection of apps for windows phones is TERRIBLE. If you find your friends playing a new, slick app on their Android or Apple phones, you are probably out of luck if you look through the Windows app store hoping to get it for yourself. The deteriorating battery situation was a concern but honestly, the straw that broke the camel's back for me is that I wouldn't be able to manage my fantasy football team from my phone for the upcoming season. Great in a pinch but if you can afford to do so, I'd just wait and buy an Android or Apple phone if you are hoping to do anything beyond talk on the phone.

Bought this phone on a Deal of the Day for $39.99.  I think it is a great value.  I've had an iPhone and an Android.  This is my first Windows phone.  It seems to be pretty slick feature-wise though I am an atypical cell phone user--I only make a few calls and rely on my home wireless for internet access. I'm not an app freak so I'm satisfied--so far--with what is offered with the phone.It seems to have a nice variety of photo options although published reviews tell me I won't become the next Ansel Adams with this phone. I was able to take the Micro SD Card from my deceased Android phone and put it into this Windows phone without losing any photos. I didn't need any software to accomplish this.  The photos are even organized now by month & year.  I like the way the photo button slowly rotates through my actual stored photos on the main screen in between the several buttons.AT&T; activated the phone for no additional cost and doesn't require a data plan since it is a GoPhone.  I bought a  $2/day unlimited talk & text plan with a $25 initial refill that is good for 90 days.  By my count that is a minimum charge of $8.35 per month for talk & text (although that only equals 12 days of talk & text over 3 months.)(I asked for a phone number that hadn't been used for a long time to cut down on &#34;wrong numbers&#34; to the former owner of the number.  Incoming calls or text activate the $2 charge for that day. The AT&T; rep complied with my request.)For someone who uses the phone infrequently, my plan is a pretty good deal--certainly better than $40/$60 per month for talk& text plus $20 or more per month for a data plan.

This is a very good phone, brand new, I like it, very good, never met such a good phone, next time will patronize!

This phone works fine with my carrier PureTalk. However, my sim card from my old phone was too big for this phone. I followed the advice from one of the reviewers who said to cut up the old sim card to make it fit. This was very bad advice as it ruined the sim and I lost all my contacts. So do not cut up the old sim. Instead simply ask your GSM carrier to provide you with a microSim card. Once PureTalk sent me mine, I put it in and the phone works nicely - love it! The down side is that now everyone in my family wants one :-) Also highly recommend PureTalk as the carrier - very reasonable rates, and works with AT&T phones like this Nokia 520.

it has everything i wanted in a smart phone. the only thing i wish i has on my phone is a front camera for thing like video chat and so i dont have to go take a picture ib the mirror. it worth the price it cheaper on here then it would be in a store.

My granddaughter love her phone, this is what she wanted, and because she got good grades we gave her this as a gift.  I love the price, Amazon was the only place that had it cheap.

Is not the best for me.looking at it in the net it look nice but I actually didn't like it

Very good phone for the simiple person, very fast even when not contected to wifi, speaker quality is very good. Xbox comparability is very cool

This is my first touchphone, and it is exactly as it is described in the product reviews.  Nokia is known for its durability, and still continues to live up to its reputation.

My Nexus device was stolen last month and unable to recover it I switched to using my work iPhone as a primary device. The transition was abrupt but reasonable, iOS has a stockpile of apps. But because of iTunes lock, music and bluetooth just don't like iOS. I have been on the lookout for a new unlocked device and still with the pain of a new Nexus device, I didn't want to pay out again, until I saw this holiday deal.Keep in mind my expectations were very low, of all the review of Windows Mobile OS and the market reaction being mildly negative, but for $60 why not give it a shot. So I'm not expecting a retina screen, super fast GPU etc.I am blown away by this device. I can't say if it is WP8 or Lumia, but as a lover of UI and design, I am very impressed by the fluidity of the device, the seamless integration of apps etc.Big wins:- Google Voice integration. MetroTalk rocks. iPhone sucked at this.- Music, both Nokia MixRadio and Xbox Music are very very good. Makes up for what I missed from Google Play Music. The iOS app just didn't figure out offline syncing, it sucked my cellular data constantly.- Live tiles and shortcuts. I love this stuff, we all have favourite things we do within all of our apps, let me make dynamic shortcuts to them! Very very good. Now I have a live tile of movie showings in my area. Awesome!- UI. Much better than Android. Seamless power management. Nokia(or Microsoft) has done a lot with less hardware. Very impressed.- Phonebook integration and social integration is excellent. Nokia devices always did excellent at this.- Apparently office integration.. haven't tried it yet so I'll see..Some misses:- Misses apps like Stitcher, Aha and- Existing apps like Kindle need update love- IE is very fast and fluid, I give them kudos to that, but c'mon guys look at Chrome mobile. Need to catch up, and let me access all sorts of websitesUltimately.For $60 (compared to $400 for a Nexus 5). Very high value per $$.

ONE THING: (you can read the other reviews for everything great about it)there are three touch-activated buttons on the bottom of the phone. Every time you press those buttons, they vibrate. ... no exceptions. You CANNOT turn it off, I searched relentlessly for a solution, but it's just not possible. Seriously? ... yes. I instantly considered returning the phone for this reason alone. Sigh.Besides that? It's an excellent phone. If it didn't have that one noted issue that can be EXTREMELY ANNOYING (was more so at first, you just have to have an open mind and get used to it!), I don't think you could find a much better phone, no less for the price! wow.I've had a Galaxy SII, iPhone 4, LG Victory... and like 8 others. This one is a keeper. ....... you just have to get used to that vibration.

GREAT QUALITY PRODUCT, GREAT PRICE. BUT IF YOU ARE USED TO AN ANDROID TYPE PHONE YOU WILL BE A BIT DISAPPOINTED WHEN YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO USE THE SAME APPS YOU HAVE BEEN USING. THE WINDOWS 8 OPERATING SYSTEM LIMITS YOU TO THIER APPS ONLY AND ALTHOUGH THEY ARE SOMEWHAT SIMILAR TO ANDROID APPS THEY ARE NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE SAME. YOU CAN'T JUST GO TO 'THE GOOGLE PLAY STORE' AND DOWNLOAD YOUR FAVORITE APP BECAUSE IT MORE THAN LIKELY WON'T WORK ON YOUR PHONE.  YOU WILL HAVE TO USE THE XBOX APP THAT IS PRE-INSTALLED TO FIND GAMES AND APPS THAT WORK FOR THIS PHONE. YOU ARE RESTRICTED TO USE THE ' INTERNET EXPLORER' WEB BROWSER, {GOOGLE CHROME DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE}, YOU CAN SEARCH FOR COMPABLE APPS BY SEARCHING ' WINDOWS 8 PHONE APPS'.

I bought this one for my daughter.Its simple and no other apps to use.Its perfect phone for kids

I liked this low cost yet powerful smart phone. It is very easy to operate. All the apps that I needed are available for free. Feeling great with this piece.

This phone is as good as an iphone 4 and its only $60! It is speedy, has good audio, good touchscreen, good light sensor, decent camera, and can be expanded using a Micro SD card. The windows phone 8 os is way under-estimated. The os really rocks despite what IPhone/ Android owners say. The only bad things about this phone is the lack of camera flash, front facing camera, and the lightweight plastic feel. Overall this is the best bang-for-your-buck smartphone out there hands down. Get you one!!

I'm so glad that my brother in-law told me about the Window phone. I always wanted a smart phone but hated to get locked into the &#34;data plan&#34;.

Not a bad phone. It was hard to get use to at first but once I got used to it, I really like it.

Was a perfect purchase.

So the software design of this phone is actually really cool! I loved everything about this phone, until it drop and cracked very easily. The gripping for this phone is not the best. If you buy it, buy a case immediately.

quero saber se este nokia lumia 520 se ele &eacute; o modelo original................se tem windons phone nele instalado....wonder if this nokia lumia 520 if it is the original model ................ windons phone has installed in it ....

Still not a big fan of Windows 8, but this is a very good bargain for a smart phone. You have to tweak a lot of settings to get bring the battery life within an acceptable range but that's no big deal. One of my pet peeves is cell phones that have these alternative fancy features (camera's, Web browsers, etc) but which don't function well at its basic function - being a phone. This phone offers clear reception. So no problem there.

i cant download apps or do anything that i would like to do on the phone microsoft account service does nothing

Very good quality and so easy to use. Touch screen is so cool and such fun. Old phone was so out dated. terrific deal also. Thanks so much...

I bought an unlock code on eBay for $3, so for $110 all in, I have an unlocked, no-contract phone that works on multiple carriers (I even got a free SIM card from H2O on Amazon). Snappy performance, a nice display and the slick WP8 OS make it fun to use. Only downsides so far are the average camera and average battery life.

I am not satisfied because I could not able to use it in India as it locked to AT&T. then why you are selling this kind of mobile which cant be use in India

Awesome phone especially for the price and you don't have to have a contract!  This was my first smartphone and it was a great experience.  It allowed me to check emails fast and do other things well.Great phone but AT&T; is a little expensive in their plans so I ended up unlocking this phone (AT&T; unlocked it for me for free) and using it with T-mobile.  It worked with T-mobile but the data had some minor problems with the T-mobile network so I ended up getting the Lumia 521 which is almost an identical phone.Differences between the Lumia 520 and 521:Lumia 520:520 is slightly smaller in lengthHas a dark gray backside (almost black)optimized for AT&T;Locked to AT&T; unless otherwise specifiedAT&T; will unlock it with little hassleFits into the 521 case with a little extra wiggle roomContains a Go-phone sim includedEven when unlocked wouldn't process T-mobile dataLumia 521:Has an off-white backsideoptimized with T-mobile networkT-mobile makes you jump through a few hoops to unlock this oneMost cases you buy online (even if they say they are for the 520) are actually made for the 521Contains a T-mobile sim cardI think this one has a headset capability not available in the 521 (not sure)A little bit of a pain to set up because of T-mobile but once it was set up no major issuesCONCLUSION:  I would get the 521 because T-mobile has a cheaper monthly rate.  The 521 doesn't look as good because of the off-white backside but you can get a case for $5 (see my other review) and cover up the back.Note: Don't let the T-mobile (or AT&T;) rep con you.  There should be no activation/set-up fee.  They both come with sim cards and you should be able to do it yourself.

Purchased this phone for my daughter as a gift.  After I played with this phone for a while, I found myself wishing that I had purchased a phone like this for myself as well.  I highly recommend this phone and the price was great!

I know nothing about unlocking phones and the phones are unpacked and not in the USA.  waste of money without the unlock code

I love dis phone its hard not 2 liked when its a windows 8 phone i will buy it again 4 da right price.

First time having a smart phone! after the learning curve, I really like this phone! I can monitor all my emails, calls and texts, easily, watch videos. play games! I'm sold

This phone is really great. It's really easy to use but despite that really has a lot of features. Syncs up with my contacts and social media very well. I'm extremely happy with it. If you're worried about making the switch to Windows phone don't be. It was so easy to learn and I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything. Well, except Instagram is the only big app that's missing from Windows but is scheduled to arrive very soon.

squared shape is in and the size is not too large. the material of the back cover is smooth. and the price is fair

If I were to put this in a price to pound equation this phone would probably destroy everything else out there on the market. It's cheap, it's solid (C'mon think back to the indestructible things Nokia once made), and the OS isn't bad at all.People will gripe about the Windows platform, but I have to say I'm loving it. It's been great so far.Sure there's fewer apps. Your core lot are there, but it's missing a chunk of stuff. Electronic Arts Inc. seems pretty on board with it and Microsoft has a chunk of really cool apps that work very well and are pretty damned good.

the shipping was pretty fast...the phone works great love it

The functionality of the phone is just fine.  I like the tile format of the Windows phone.  My biggest problem is the glass screen.  The Nokia glass is very fragile.  Even with a case and screen protector, the screen broke after two months of use and just slightly hitting it against a door.  If you want a Nokia Windows phone, buy one with Gorilla Glass.

I live in the sticks.  I've always had trouble getting service in my area with all the new smartphones.  I'd be lucky to get one bar most of the time.  I decided to go back to Nokia and try their smartphone.  I had used them in the past and was always satisfied.  Since switching phones, I'm still having difficulty in a few areas but I do service in some areas where I used to have none.The phone is very easy to use and understand.  It even comes with the ESPN app already installed!  It also has the weather channel and GPS too!

This is my first Windows phone.  I was a little hesitant because of the memory that it would be sluggish, but it is really very nice.This phone was my daughter's first phone, and I think, although not quite and iPhone 5s, it makes a very good smart phone, which i wouldn't mind replacing my iPhone 5s with.I miss not having a flash on the camera (to use as a flashlight - not as a camera flash).At 1/10th the cost of an iPhone 5s, this will likely be my personal phone in the event I had to find a replacement.

I bought it as second phone and this under-$70 phone is worth more than some $200 smart phone. There is many App I can use even offline GPS, but the biuld-in compass s*cks and the GPS always loss signal.

Very good touch response.good back camera.only one negative that it does not have front camera.ample apps from windows are available

It is best prepaid phone you can get in the market.- easy to setup- Windows 8.0 is easy to use (I heard u can upgrade to 8.1)- interface, color, performance....all is well- Popular APPS are availableBattery life is fine(not so good)

I love Nokia , better then iPhone , like 6 years ago I always had Nokia then I get iPhone . But still NOKIA IS NOKIA man.

It is everything I had hoped for and more. I am more an android person and would probably like Apple if i wasn't economically restricted, but this phone is great. Nokia always made excellent hardware and the Windows Op is not bad at all. I like what they did with the live tiles. I am not a great fan of Win 8.0 on a regular computer - I do like the concept of the live tiles, that is still nice, but where the hell is my interactive desktop - couldn't I get that flipping a switch...no... supposedly 8.1 offers something there?Anyways, that is a different story, this phone is nice: What I miss most is a front facing camera for Skype - it can use the back one, well, factoring in the price what can I say... a flash might have been nice too ....and it doesn't have a hardware compass... so no "flashlight" app and no "compass" app will be working neither... well, still it is astounding what 99.- buys you these days. Great mp3 player, maps are awesome, gps is awesome, camera is great even without a flash does quite well in low light conditions - better than any point and shoot camera I ever used, phone is great, web browser is great, the hardware that is there generally is awesome... and don't mind me saying that live tiles on a small handheld device are nice... and well, I always liked the GoPhone service from AT&T;, so I am very happy. Oh, one more thing, first time I assembled the back the power button thingee wasn't aligned right: the switch itself is of course on the phone body but the button & pusher is on the cover, it needs to align properly. One needs to be a little careful when putting the back on, I figured it out.

1/24/14  NEVER BUY NOKIA!I REALLY HATE NOKIA!!! I had this phone 6 weeks when it starting turning itself off when I made or received a call.  That's what a phone is for...making and receiving calls, right?  Well I sent it to Nokia for repair.  Post repair, it lasted 4 weeks and the same issue returned.  I'm VERY disgusted with Nokia customer service and repair center and will never buy a Nokia cell phone again.(this was my review when I first got the phone in October) It's easy to use, functions are readily accessible.  I got this phone to replace my Fusion, but to also replace my iPod...fewer devices.  My only issue, so far, is you cannot set up playlists on the phone.  So, I'll be doing that on my SD card, eventually.  Windows needs an update for this problem as the SD music plays nicely, speakers are very good.  That's my only complaint.  I do very much like this phone, and would recommend it to a friend.I just found a Windows called CUSTOM PLAYLISTS.  It was .99 and well worth every penny. I can make playlists on my phone with no problem.So, this is now a really terrific phone!! I'm very happy with it, and it is now 5 stars in my book.12/11/13...after 2 months this phone will not make or receive calls.  It turns itself off when I try to answer a call.  Have called Nokia and am to send it to be repaired.  I'm so disappointed.....really liked the phone.  Will see how long it takes to repair, and if that indeed fixes the problem.

For the price you can't beat it. Any android or any other OS at this price is no where near as good.Cons: I miss having an led flash on the camera, No gps tags on photos,  no google voice or a few other apps. The screen isn't as responsive as I would like but doesn't prohibit normal use. Have to get used to new OS. Had the phone a week and in a very protective case but screen cracked and then the phone didn't respond to screen input, buttons still working for camera and power. Amazon and their amazingly wonderful customer service sent us a new one. A month later same exact screen crack. I think its a manufacture defect clad my T-Mobile version has not had the same problem.Pros:Looks very sleek, large screen, the windows tiles are a really neat way to see your apps instead of widgets, runs netflix like a champ.I liked this AT&T; version that i had bought my daughter,i bought myself the t-mobile version.

I LOVE THIS BUDGET PHONE!!!!Pros:- Full Windows Phone 8 with a couple of caveats (discussed in cons)- Offline maps- WP8. Its amazing, and I've tried other operating systems. This is the only one that's ever impressed me.- honestly, as I'm typing I'm realizing there are just too many prosCons:- Speech to text fails... a lot. Ive yet to call about it, but likely will in a few days. For me its not HUGE, but its the one thing so far in about a month that might bring this down to 4 stars.- Phone freezes on larger jobs. For example, if I pick from my Songs tab in Nokia Music the screen freezes for a few minutes. I have about 30gb of music on my sd card though. But this happens occasionally in a large app with many background tasks and open apps also running.

Hi, i got phone fast and everything was fine untili got my flight to Europe, Estonia to help organize Simple Session contest.Wanted to put card of local operator, and use it as my second cell phone for local calls,but I was really disappointed that it's locked to AT&T.; Becauseat description it was told that it's contract free.And I dont know how to unlock it.Do you have any tips for that?

This is my first smart phone. Not a lot of apps, I don't care. Have used it for about 3 months and completely satisfied. A lot of pros include, not limited, the 3D beta GPS, the free Nokia music (through wifi), the fast processor, the live tiles, very good battery life, and the automatic image backup to Skydrive (through wifi) on my laptop. It will notify me when I received an Gmail, or text message  It will also automatically synchronize my Gmail calendar. You don't have to have contract and you don't have to have data plan. This is the best phone I have ever had. I will use it for long time. It got the right size and very good sensitivity. Overall its a very nice phone.

I did get this phone on sale and if it were not on sale at the time it would have still been a good deal. I have a iphone 4 and that I had to pay over $100.00 a month to use. I can do everything that I did with my iphone  on this Nokia for $60.00. This includes Data. The Phone is well made and easy to operate...Hope this helped

I bought this phone at a retail store (RS). I want to share my experience. I've had this phone for about 3 months. I use my phone quite a bit. I sell things online, so I do lots of emails. I also text with friends and family.Here are a list of things I use most often on this phone:Email (lots of issues with it, will explain more below)Text (ok most of the time. Once in a while the recipient doesn't get the picture)Internet Explorer (works fine. Can't upload pictures on Craigslist on the desktop version)Phone (ok most of the time. Sound quality is good. Can't switch when a 2nd call comes in. Keypad is not very responsive when making entries during a call, such as entering a credit card number or press a number to make a selection)Camera (average camera. Used to get a green flickery screen once in a while when entered into camera mode. Hasn't happened since I did a factory reset on the phone)Nokia Music (works)Nokia Here (map and navigation. It's the best feature. Uses GPS instead of data. Very helpful when traveling outside the coverage area, which I often do)Calendar (allows to set reminder up to one week ahead which is nice. I had an iphone 4 prior and reminder was up to 2 days ahead which I found useless)Whatsapp (notification is delayed. Sometimes by 30 minutes, sometimes by 3 hours)More detail regarding the native email app. I have 4 yahoo accounts, one aol account, and one gmail account set up on this phone. The most frequent it can fetch email is every 15 minutes. I don't like it but it is what it is. The biggest problem is it randomly and constantly prompts for password, saying the password stored is incorrect. I don't fight it. I just enter it again, based on the forums I've read. Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. I would have email sitting in the OUTBOX because my password is "incorrect". I have tried deleting the account and setting it up again, and again, and again. One account eventually kept syncing so I couldn't even delete the account. It would drain my battery in 2 hours. I had to power down my phone. But as soon as I power up the phone that account would sync again nonstop. Finally I managed to delete that account and re-setup. I called Nokia. They told me since I've done everything they would have told me to do (remove email, power cycle, take battery out...), the only other thing is to do a factory reset. I've done that 3 times but the problem didn't go away.The phone would have been a perfect phone for me (and great price) if the email would have worked properly.UPDATE May 13, 2014I sent the phone back to Nokia for warranty. It came back saying "water or physical damage" and is not covered by warranty. I know the phone has never been dropped in water. The only water exposure would be little splashes by the sink when I brush my teeth or wash my hands. The error I get is obviously a firmware issue (I used to work as a test engineer at a cell phone company). Nokia just tries to find every way not to admit there are issues and refuse to honor their warranty. Bad ethics. Will never buy another Nokia product.

Fast and easy to navigate,this Windows phone does everything a $600 one does. All pros and no cons. I recommend it to everybody interested !!!

Seems like a great phone then barely dropped it off of bad and won't work. I have never had a phone quit so easily and that is not just one phone I bought two phones for my husband and i. I went to straighten out the blankets and both phones hit the floor and screen barely cracked. Phone will power on but touchscreen won't work.

I'm really enjoying this phone. It has the features I was looking for and the price is right. It's probably the best value in a smart phone at the moment.

Everyone has already posted all the pros and cons that I could think of but, I would also like to add that it is very easy to use. I've used Androids and iPhones most of my life and only recently started using Windows 8. What amazed me was the fact that I caught on to the Windows OS faster than Windows 8 on my desktop. Within an hour I had the phone customized to my liking and it still continues to be a great phone. One of the only complaints I have is just a minor one too, and that is the sensitivity of the touchscreen. It would randomly either open a random app or put the start screen into editing mod, and that isn't even as bad as it sounds. Overall this is a great phone, I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a fast phone at a good speed.

My first smart phone. Very fast, easy to use, fluid and predictable touch screen response. No problems of any kind after 3 months of constant use..  Reasonably priced compared to other smart phones with 2 day standby and 4-6 hour use time.

Definitely not an IPhone but amazing for the price! Would recommended to anyone on a budget. Again, great for the price.

No (easy) selfies with this one camera phone but the 5MP camera works well.Apps are more limited than w/Android but MS office interface is quite handy.  Nokia music free service is welcome and quite deep, love the save for offline play feature!  Tiles are fun to arrange and functional too!

Was skeptical about getting a windows phone. But its not all that bad.biggest pet peeve I have with the phone is that it links everything to the phone example fb all my fb friends ended up in my contacts all the birthday's are on my calendar. Haven't figured out yet how to get that option off if possible. The contacts can be changed in the contacts setting thankfully. Goggle contact hotmail etc. Will also end up on contact list. Call quality, speaker is pretty good. Caller hears me fine. I have no problems hearing caller. Music plays clear. Battery life is decent if your not on it majority of the day. Picture quality is good as well. Color is nice. There is no flash or front facing camera unfortunately. Apps can be downloaded. 4G available. Internet is fast. I use WiFi mostly  All in all not a bad phone

The phone on itself is not bad but I decided to give only two stars because of the Windows processor. I had to get a new phone after I broke my android phone and until I get upgrade to a new phone. Going from android to Windows suck. Windows make the navigating through the phone app. Complicated. For example, one of your contact as several phone numbers, a facebook account and one or several email addresses and you end up with a list of numbers from which you have to choose from before you can send one call. If your contact has three different phone numbers (cell,home and work) you have to choose which one you want to call,off the list were the writing is very small. No direct fast call. And navigating to use other application is fastidious. Really not user friendly, unless you spend countless hours adjusting the settings. Also, lot of applications are not compatible with windows phone. I couldn't access my email provider because it is not the common provider. Bottom line, good for people who don't use the smartphone capabilities. Sound is good, cannot custom ringtones, even following instructions. Good experience with the phone for the call part, for the rest, Windows spoil he fun of having a smartphone. Going back to android.

compare to others go phones this is 100 times better you have everything on it great phone........for the price .

Is a bad os because not that much apps but the phone is good for its price and good system

windows phone is good .

Ordered this as a replacedment for my Wife's Lumia 920, broken screen.  I added a 16 gb micro SD card for storage.  Sound, Volume and Receiption are all great.

good product just purchase it with intension of using it in Venezuela and it is not released can help me solve. For the rest excellent response ... Thanks.

The phone is cheap, and it serves it's function, which is to be there while my contract is up so I can renew. A good phone, which receives all the updates from Windows Phone. Only complaint is that it tends to take too long to go from app to app; you'll see the Loading... or resuming... screen a lot. Slow, bad camera and no front facing camera. Plasticky and creacky. But still, does what it's suppose to rather well.

Picked this up for $100 for use as a backup device. I own a Nokia Lumia 920, but had to ship it to Nokia because it abruptly began experiencing issues in reading the SIM card in it. This device is just as smooth as my Lumia 920, and I really can't complain about anything because of the price. It may not have the excellent camera, high pixel density, or wireless charging of the Lumia 920, but it can certainly accomplish day-to-day productivity tasks without any issue.

I'm totally in the Microsoft ecosystem, and I go this phone for free with my renewal of my Xbox music for a year.  It is off contract, and it is a heck of a sweet deal!

I bought this phone after my wife accidentally washed my previous 4.5 years old phone in my pocket. That was not a smartphone and had no fancy features so upgrading to this entry level smartphone was a giant leap for me. Although I have not myself owned a smartphone before, I am familiar with the mobile devices due to my sister's samsung galaxy s4 and my two android tablets (two kindle fire HD's and nexus 7) After a week of use my initial experience is as follows:Pros:1-Unbeatable price. I paid $54 for a smartphone with the screen size as big as an Iphone which is great... I have already been an AT&T; go phone user and thus being locked in AT&T; did not make a difference for me. If you are a current go-phone customer all you need to do is to go to an AT&T; branch and replace your old full size sim card with a micro sim card. The good news is that the card is free. The bad news is that upon getting that card your old one becomes cancelled so you don't have a reserve card and you lose the numbers stored in that card. But it was no big deal for me.2-Screen quality: This is the most receptive screen I have so far seen. It is very easy to type and scroll due to high sensitivity of the screen. The screen has 235 ppi pixel density which may look low compared to high end smartphones like samsung galaxy S4 (441ppi) and iphone 4 (336ppi) but relatively similar to my tablets kindle fire hd 8.9 inch (254ppi) and 7 inch (216ppi) So even watching movies, I saw nothing troubling to the eye.3- Windows 8 operating system: This is both a plus and a minus. It is a plus since it is pretty fast and performs great in most applications as well as browsing the net and watching videos. Especially watching videos might be a big trouble for android devices since flash is  supported in neither silk browser (the worst browsing experience ever thanks to amazon) nor chrome (fast and reliable but does not support flash and my only option was to use third party browser like dolphin in those devices. Luckily this phone performs great with those troublesome videos using internet explorer. I had no compability issues and no freezing or crashing websites yet.4-Built in apps: There are some apps coming from AT&T; and some from nokia in addition to the built in windows apps. I found some pretty useful. Maps and the GPS function performs well and yet I have not missed google maps.5-Processor and memory functions: Considering this as a $54 phone, it has pretty good features in this field. I know 512mb ram sucks , especially if you are after gaming or challenging apps. But As long as you don't force the memory with demanding apps and lot's of files that would work fine. On the other hand 1ghz Qualcomm dual core processor is unexpectedly good for a device that cheap. The greatest hit in this category is that it has an expandable memory option. The starting 8gb is pretty low but it can handle up to 64gb micro SD card which puts this device over the brand new amazon firephone and nexus 5 where you are stuck with what you buy. That means a lot of videos, photos and other stuff...6-Photo and video quality: This is again both a plus and a minus. I recorded a couple of videos with quite good results and the photos are good if taken under good lighting conditions. 5MP is not bad at all.7- Several other fancy apps I have discovered so far (will update if I find out something new in the future) The ones I liked best are the voice command SMS function, the automatic battery protector function as well as auto activated drive mode.Cons:1- Windows operating system: The apps are pretty limited and I miss the apps I used a lot in my android devices. It may get better in time but not there yet. Besides the start screen does not get to horizontal view so you have to go through it vertically as if the phone was orientation locked.2-Photo has no flash which makes it pretty inadequate under dim light. Camera does not have zoom and has no image stabilizer. It also gets confused when trying to focus in fast movements causing blurred unfocused frames for split seconds.3- The charger does not have a detachable USB cord and it is not very long. That is not a big deal for me since I have plenty of different chargers around but it would be nice to have a detachable original charger.4-No front camera: No way you can enjoy video calls..5-SAR value. This is something most people ignore but that shows howmuch radiation a phone emits and this was my biggest consideration before purchasing my previous phone. This phone ranks moderate for emission 0.77W/kg which is half the maximum allowed limit but more than double of samsung galaxy s4 (0.33W/kg) Those who makes a lot of calls should consider more brain friendly versions. I do not normally use the phone a lot so I could oversee that fact for this model...The cons list can be added a lot of other stuff but I am trying to be fair in my review by considering the price for value factor. Therefore I rate this phone pretty high and way above my expectations. With some cheap accessories like a screen protector and a case, I am sure I will be able to enjoy it for my modest needs for quite a long time.

nice phone i gave as gift and the person loves windows 8 along with the great features of nokia buy it

Being a Microsoft driven device, with software issues, and administered by AT&T;, it has developed issues.APPs do not function as described, such as all data downloaded from the old Haemorrhoid/Adenoid/ANDROID 2.2.2 was badly scrambled, so even ring tones and vocal recitation of al Qur'an are a shambles. The app for music to ring-tone notifies me of it not functioning. British written, so no proper feedback from the other side of the pond.ie10 mobile browser is crap, and it won't uninstall, so may need to be disabled in the ROM.In general, too many useless apps written for other-than Lumia 520 devices.On the PLUS side; a nice very fast phone, with some bench marks better than normal, and most other models, except, of course, the 1520 mini tablet.

This is one great phone.  Perfect for me.  If you're familiar with Microsoft Windows products and features, this is an easy phone to use.  I had no problems figuring out the settings and getting it up and running right away.  It's an attractive phone, as well.

I have extensive experience with entry-level pre-paid smartphones, and the Nokia Lumia 520 is probably the biggest disappointment I've run across.  My reason for purchasing this particular phone was two-fold: 1) I wanted to test out AT&T;'s  network in my area, and 2) I've been curious about the Windows Phone platform.  At just $69, I figured the Lumia would be a cheap way to satisfy both of my curiosities.While I'm trying hard in this review to compartmentalize my criticisms of the Windows Phone platform away from the Lumia itself, there is some degree of entanglement which is hard to isolate.  Even a simple task like playing my library of MP3s (on a 32GB microSD card) seemed to bring this device to its knees.  Whether this is a Lumia hardware problem or a Microsoft software issue, I cannot be certain.  All I know is that playing a large MP3 library on the 520 is more of a hassle than it should be.  The phone would lock up every time I tried to initiate playback.The camera and battery life are passable for a low-end device.  Neither one is particularly impressive.  The processor seems under-powered, as was evidenced by the device's sluggish performance on Temple Run.  There was definite hiccuping throughout the game and touch response, which is very important in this game, seemed to lag at times.  I definitely would not recommend this phone for mobile gaming, unless you're opting for simple titles that require little graphics processing.Windows Phone, like any platform, has its strengths and weaknesses.  In the case of WP, the lack of app selection really cripples a phone that already has obvious hardware limitations.  There are basic apps (Pandora, Facebook, etc.) that work just fine on the Lumia.  However, for those who seek a richer smartphone experience, I think Windows Phone is still way behind iOS and Android.  It's all a matter of personal preference, but anyone leaving those two platforms for WP should be prepared for a much smaller library.  People coming from a non-smartphone background probably won't notice the difference as much.In summation, the Lumia 520 is an &#34;okay&#34; value for those with low expectations.  For those seeking a more vibrant pre-paid smartphone experience, there are better offerings out there which are comparably priced.

I returned my 1020 after seeing these reviews and realized what a waste of money a phone is in general. This phone does everything the 1020 did and is easier to carry. Unless you fall for the advertising and covet things get this phone and go to the straighttalk website and get the micro sim ATT card and activate. No contract, $35+ month, very good windows phone. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is nothing is perfect you buy.

No flash on camera, phone EXTRA diffucult to unlock if you want to use it with other network, Aver all good value.

Just bought it and try to use. This phone is not working in my country. I want to bring it back.

Received Item in two day.  Perfect transaction in every way.  This seller is recommend. Thanks! Good value.  Good quality.  Dose the job beautifully.  Steady.  Happy w/purchase. I would recommend this phone to most anyone on a budget whom is seeking a lot of phone for just a little $.  Surprising amount of bells and whistles overall for such an inexpensive devise.

Awesome fast phone, easy to set up and transfer files from the computer, thou only 1 down side, if you're on AT&T Prepaid Go-Phone account, the most anticipated 'internet sharing/hotspot' feature is NOT available. Thou, its light weight, good sound, very responsive screen, Nicer, lighter, faster then my LG Quantum. This is a keeper !

This phone is one of Nokia's lower-end models, but a quick look at the reviews from cellphone/gadget websites will show that the Nokia Lumia 520 is a capable smartphone that performs well. The camera doesn't have a flash but good pictures are possible if the light is adequate. The photo editing software that comes installed will correct a multitude of photographic mistakes, and the 520 can be configured to automatically upload photos to Microsoft SkyDrive (now renamed to OneDrive). The Map application works well and almost always finds my location quickly; the navigation app is just so-so.There is a hard shell back that pops off easily (sometimes too easily if the phone suffers even a minor fall). Underneath the back is access to the phone's battery, SIM card, and a slot for a micro SDHC card.All-in-all I was pleasantly surprised at the performance of this low-end phone, but there are a few negatives:1)  It's a Windows phone; don't expect to find many apps for this platform. Facebook and Twitter have apps for the Windows platform, but many remotely operated gadgets such as the Belkin Wemo don't.2)  Packaging: the phone is encased in a thick plastic tub that must be cut open with a good deal of effort. This isn't the fault of Amazon (the Lumia 520 is packaged in plastic by AT&T;) but I needed a stiff, very sharp knife to get the 520 free of it's container.3)  The price: About a week after I bought this phone from Amazon I saw that a local big-box retailer had the Lumia 520 for $10 less than the Amazon price. I just took it for granted that Amazon always had the lowest price.

The only thing is there is no flash for darker areas, otherwise a great little phone.  Replaced my broken phone with the go phone and had AT&T install a new SIM card and was on my way.

I purchased this phone and didn't expect much.  I used to have top of the line phone for many years until my most recent phone was damaged due to water.  I was expecting this phone to just get me by with maps, podcasts, and minor browsing.  I can say I am extremely happy with the Lumia 520.  It is very fast, has a great user experience, excellent navigation and maps, and vibrant colors.The 512 mb of ram may seem low but Windows Phone OS uses it wisely.  Websites load fast due to the dual core processor and I experience no lag when zooming in and out.  The screen resolution is not as high as my last phone, but with the screen being only 4 inches and the general user interface of windows phone, I feel like I'm viewing an HD device.  The material and design of the phone on my matte black version is very high quality and gives a unibody feel and appearance.The only cons I experience with this phone is the lack of camera flash and non-backlit bottom 3 keys.  The  flash I can completely live without because I don't take photos, though it would be nice to be able to use this as a flashlight if needed.Overall, I am extremely happy with my purchase and consider it a steal.  I would recommend this phone highly to anyone looking to avoid a contract who doesn't mind going without a great camera.  I hope Nokia continues to make amazing phones at such a great price

love ittttt!!!! its a perfect phone.. and price was 79$.. im just happy .. dont think anythink,just buy it ;)

I love this phone!!

the phone is nice but its sim cannot be replaced. i wish it could be returned since it's not much of a use here in my place. the thing is that it should not be sold under 'amazon-global eligible' category. it gives a wrong impression. so beware... it is only good if u are staying in the us of a.

Bought this phone, within a month it froze while making a call, I had to take the battery out to restart it and the phone never turned on again. Sent it to get repaired, waited two weeks and nothing had changed at all. It still did not turn on. I returned the phone to the store i bought it from and they gave me a new one after charging me 15 mucks. The second phone started haing the same issue with not turning on within the first 2 weeks. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! it is full of bugs and terrible.

Easy to use and reliable windows 8 is a very nice program.  Nokia is very reliable manufacturer and the basic functions of the lumia 520 is all what I need.

It does pack a lot of power for the money, but AT&T coverage is horrible.  AT&T MVNO's are much cheaper with the same lousy coverage.  If you live in an area that has good ATT service, this may be a good deal.

Originally I set out to buy one of the high end Android phones.  I even ordered one but then had Amazon recall the order before it was delivered.  The problem was I just couldn't bring myself to sign another two year contract for something I wasn't certain I would not regret purchasing for the length of the contract.  Nothing out there in late 2013 and early 2014 fit the bill - for me.I looked at this little Lumia 520 and after reading a number of reviews decided to spend $60 and test drive it. The upside of owning the phone outright and it's reputed performance far outweighed having a device with a larger screen and higher specs. So far, I am quite impressed.  I really need a phone for email, calendar, some music, a few key apps, maps, and making calls.  I am not one to stare at my phone or obsessively check it every idle moment.  This little Lumia delivers on all accounts with a very intuitive and eye friendly user interface.  I love the live tiles and the ability to put everything right where I want it to be.  The settings give me enough control and once you get the hang of the OS it really is very intuitive.Some other pros:  Very decent battery life.  Nice form factor. Fluid and responsive OS that behaves predictably and isn't constantly pestering me to download an update for everything.  It was $60 and NO CONTRACT!  I already have a plan with AT&T; so I just took it in to a store and they gladly put in a micro SIM for me. Phone calls are well balanced and clear.  The user interface for making calls is refined and uncluttered.  The added value of the included Nokia apps is also a significant plus, i.e., the ability to use maps offline with a great GPS.  The ability to easily delete AT&T; bloatware - without rooting!  The latest and greatest updates from both Microsoft and Nokia!  And, finally, I love the baked in integration of MS Office.Some cons:  I really wish Microsoft would move away from requiring that all the buttons be located along the right side of the device.  At least move the power button to the top.  The camera, as has been mentioned in other reviews, is adequate.  The screen is somewhat reflective. It is not Gorilla Glass, but it is very bright and clear and you can adjust the tone and white balance of the screen.Honestly, if Windows phone literally had just a few key apps (not big name ones - niche apps that I use frequently) I would have zero hesitation about going all in for a Windows phone - probably a Lumia 1520. In fact, I may go for it anyway and try to come up with an acceptable workaround. It's a great OS for people who want to use their phone and not constantly fuss and tinker with it.  I need my phone to get things done, I don't want it to be an all consuming distraction.  I guess that's the difference I notice with Windows phone over Android (my last phone), I am more productive due to not always needing to tweak it.  I like that, its a better fit for me.  Having a lot of experience with iOS, Android and Windows, I am most impressed with iOS for their quality of apps, but I am most impressed with Windows Phone for it's user interface and productivityIt's obviously not a top tier handset, but it is very good and an unparalleled value.

I've had the phone for only one day but so far it is working wonderfully. I will post a further update if things change. So far I am very happy with it. Except that it went down in price a week after I ordered it. My only real complaint so far is: the music player included is less than what I am used to.

This phone is absolutely a steal at the price it is being offered. The phone operates very smooth and fast; the phone does not seem like a typical bargain phone. While Windows mobile does not have a huge market share, this phone is perfect for someone that does not recognize the need to compare Android and iOS devices.

Apps are user friendly after couple days. Touchscreen is good; Camera is okay; The 'Here' map is really good... and so is the GPS that you can access offline.But the  battery is the major disappointment for me. Its not even lasting more than a day if even for default apps running with wifi on. I dont know what will happen if I install new apps. If I turn off wifi, then the battery life lasts little over a day. Only option to make the battery last for couple days is to turn off Wifi and switch on the 'not recommended' battery saver mode !! But why would I need a smartphone then?

I really love my Nokia 520. It's one of the best phones that I've ever had. It's well worth your money and the services has been great. I would recommend it to anyone. I like the Windows 8 also.&#128534;. I have had some awesome items from Amazon and like them all. Thx

Works fine. I needed to get a new phone cause the other one i had it broke after maybe 2 months of having it. So I need to get another one. And i heard about this phone, and i love it. I've had a windows phone before and that was probably the best phone i ever had. But this is a nice phone, nicer than the last one i had that's for surer.

I really like the phone. I'm coming from a 7 year-old phone, so it's a big step up. I am having a problem receiving group and picture message, though. I haven't been able to figure out how to fix it so I'm taking it to an AT&T store for some help.

Was looking forward to all the excitement of a Window phone. Then I got it and all the apps I was so comfortable with in Android were not on Windows, or they were terrible compared to those on Android. Furthermore, every time I tried to take a picture the button (no not screen touch) was hard to press, so every pic was blurred by my hand moving as I had to force the button down for it to click. Never again!

I was expecting a dual sim phone i really though it had two slots for sim cards it also came lock

I'm locked into an android phone at the moment and bought this to use a media player. I have an old iPod touch which I liked but screen is cracked, I also have a Samsung Galaxy Player 4 which I liked only ok so when I heard great things about this and with the price being under $100 on sale I decided to try it.I added a 32GB SD card full of music and cost less than half what an iTouch would cost me and about $60 less than what I paid for the Galaxy Player 4. The nokia form factor is great. Quality seems great. Weight is nice. Feels great in my hand. Buttons don't feel like they'll break after prolonged usage. Very pleased aesthetically. In the online photos and based on the price I worried  it might be a cheap plasticky thing but it is truly much better than that. Screen is bigger than an iTouch, seems clear with great resolution.If you wish to use one of these as just a media player/wi-fi device simply start the phone and ignore the initial requests during initialization to activate the phone. Then connect with wifi for the OS updates and to connect to the store, download your some apps transfer some MP3s and you're ready to roll. Was very easy to figure out and use.Although the Windows store is a little hard to search through. I searched MLB but found nothing official. I thought Baseball had ignored the Win 8 platform. Later on randomly I came across the official MLB "At Bat" app. So it was there all along just hard to search for. And funny thing is the At Bat app for Windows phone is much better than what I have on my android phone.  I do like Instagram and am eagerly awaiting the official release. Netflix app works great. Watched some shows on phone with no problem at all. Nokia music app was very easy and smooth. As good as any other online radio system imo. You can pay money for a version with additional control over it.Watching videos on the phone worked great, no hiccups. But I am unhappy with the lack of a scrubber bar. On the built in internet browser it takes about two more steps/clicks than on an android or iphone to switch tabs. Not a deal breaker but wish they would streamline that part of the user experience.Really love this device and I will definitely be buying a Nokia phone whenever my android dies.

I'm very satisfied with Nokia Lumia 520 go phone (AT&T) because it's easy to use , especially the internet sharing works pretty good!!

I don't use this as a phone. I have WiFi in my house and use this phone to Bluetooth Pandora through my stereo at the pool. Very Nice.

This is a great upgrade from my old AT&T Avail 2.  I really like the interface of the WP OS.  Easy to use and it really is everything a phone should be.

I'm not a phone person. I could not justify buying an expensive phone with an expensive plan. My daughters husband told me about this phone and it was the right price. It took me about 3 weeks to find the right SIM Card and Wireless Plan. Now that I'm up and running I have a Smart Phone with none of the long term contracts. This is great but so far I've only sent 3 Texts and made 2 phone calls.

Good Phone.

This sucks. It does not work. It gets stuck everytime I try to open any application and then I have to restart it again and again. I regret buying the phone.

I bought this to replace my ipod touch.  I was drawn to it by the low price point and decent online reviews.  I ended up not only using it as a music player but I like it so much I decided to use it as a cell phone.As a music player :-it has more storage for music files when you add a sim card.-offline music mixes available from Nokia music. So you get free new music that you can play anytime.-very loud speaker even when enclosed in a case.I ended up liking it so much I purchased an H20 wireless sim and use it as my primary cell phone.  It is very simple to prevent any data leakage once you turn background tasks off. I primarily use it on my wifi and just use my cell plan from H20 when out.Overall, I am very glad that I did not spend the $200 for an ipod touch.

It has the best features and gets great reception, it take good pictures and video.It's  better the any Samsung phone I ever had. It is so good I bought My Wife one andshe loves her's too.

I got this as replacement for my Sony Xperia (broken).  I am used to Android and Apple cell phone.  Still figuring out the features of 520.  My experience about this cell phone is GREAT.

The pros: It is cheap, it takes amazing pictures and has built in photo editing that has very cool effects.If you have no experience with Windows 8, you will with this device, hopefully Windows 8 will go rapidly (like millenium?? (remeber that OS)).Texting does not have swipe, so prepare to key in each and every letter.. however it does have really good voice recognition, although the context recognition is weird (deer vs dear).This is a small device, and did I mention that it is cheap (not cheaply built, cheap) THEREFORE dont worry about insurance, break it, drown it, replace itThe cons: this is windows 8 NOT windows 8.1, that is fixed in the 630/635 which will be released very soon. The 635 will not be as cheap, but it will not be a 600 phone (guessing 150 range) it has its own assistant (think apple siri (sp?)) it has swype.if you want to pack around a 5 inch screen in your pocket dont get this, if you want a cool CHEAP phone that once you figure out how to move the boxes (icons) around and resize them is very personalized.  BECAUSE I am so not worried about damaging this phone I did not even invest in screen protector OR case, it fits in your pocket easily without making the gigantic bulge the minature tablet phones do.everyone else on here is talking about having paid 90, 100 or more for this... I got it for $48 (Amazon Daily Deal) with free shipping, and it was up and running within 30 minutesNo Contract, I can port my 14year phone number in, the downsides are minute for what you get!

i love my phone so far, i will recommend anyone to buy it. it is a fantastic smart phone, add more apps to the store plz

In any place on amazon's website it's explained that it's not possible to use this phone with other company before a great number of months. Really annoying. Is Amazon only to american buyers? Thinking not to buy more in Amazon!!!

The item showed up on time and it was the real thing for a cheaper price than the retail stores which were at regular price. Easy to active even if you already have an account they switch the number and your set.

You can't really do much internet wise and you can't play any of the Facebook games  pet rescue, candy crush etc I wish I never brought it

Would this phone work in Trinidad? overall how will you  rate the phone what is the memory space on the phone does it comes with a memory card?

My background...I've used webOs (palm pre), iOS (iPhone 3GS, 4), android (Nexus 4, 5), and now the windows 8 (Nokia Lumia 520). I'm now on a prepaid plan (Straight Talk) and won't go back to a contract. I am a techie, and have used many desktop OS's as well (OSx, win 95, 2000, xp, Vista, 7 & 8, ubuntu, unix, etc). I bought this as a backup phone to my Nexus 5.What is good about this phone?+ inexpensive (I paid fifty dollars without a contract)+ decent battery life+ good, crisp display+ live tiles update clearly+ removable/replaceable battery+ micro SD card can expand memoryWhat is bad about this phone?- Windows Phone 8 isn't as refined an OS as iOS or Android (e.g. the resizing of tiles/icons is somewhat limited vs Android's widgets; and iOS is still the most intuitive OS on the market)- Small catalog of Windows Phone apps is missing some &#34;basic&#34; ones (e.g. no Feedly, no alternative English keyboards such as Swiftkey, ...)- Unified inbox for email is quirky and not intuitive- no front camera (if you need selfies and/or video calls)What is good or bad depending on who's asking?= smaller screen, but not so small you can't see things= small amount of standard memory (for those who install videos or tons of songs; for business folks it isn't as much an issue)This is a good phone for you if you:1. Want a starter smartphone2. Are looking for a backup smartphone3. Have limited requirements for functionality4. Are looking to spend a small amount and get good value5. Are looking for a way to tiptoe into Windows Phone 86. Don't want to cry if you lose it or break it

I hate it because it switches of itself,and what i wanted on it is it has a good camera, it  looks nice.

FAQ's I get a lot:Q: Can I use it with my regular AT&T; contract?A: Yes! Just insert the Micro Sim into the phone and continue using the phone normally. If you cannot access your phone's sim visit an AT&T; store, or order a sim online.Q: Does it have (insert popular Apple/Android app here)?A: Instagram, Snapchat (known as 6snap), Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest all have apps on Windows Phone 8. If you need to search for an other app, search for it at [...]Pros:-Soft Back-Responsive Screen-Nokia Exclusive Apps-OneNote Intergration-Good battery life-DurableCons:-No front facing camera-Camera on back could be better-Not always perfect app equivalentsSummary:For a low price range of $50-$60, you can't get any better than this. I needed a low cost smartphone that could get the job done, and this was the right choice. The operating system will take a week to get used to, but it is very clean and simple after you get the hang of it. The main killer here is the lack of a front facing camera, as I did not know how much I used it before giving it up. But besides the camera issue, this phone is fast, fun, and easy to use.

I choose this phone because it has everything I ever wanted in a phone and it's inexpensive and very good.

What a great phone! I registered as a Microsoft Developer to put 8.1 on it and it's even better with a swipe style keyboard, Cortana, and notification center. I bought this phone to avoid paying AT&T; either $30/month subsidy or $35/month for a smartphone payment. What a great choice! It does everything I need plus some.Pros:-Price-SD card support-Windows Phone 8.1 compatibleCons:-Screen difficult to see in bright, direct sunlight-Camera is sluggish to load at times-No flash on cameraIf you want a smartphone and don't want to pay an exorbitant amount of money for one, this is your phone!

i was wanted a windows phone but i was kinda of iffy about getting one i have heard the good and the bad but this is a great windows phone i love my phone it was given to me as a gift with a case and it always comes with a sim card ready to activate you can given keep your same number

The Lumia 520 is a entry level smartphone that comes with Windows Phone 8.0 and can be used with pre-paid or post paid plans. This is a good backup phone and it is a good phone for the kids (no Apple iPhone or Samsung Galaxy Sx). The phone take approximately 40-45 seconds to boot up. Can be used as a Wi-Fi only device or MP3 player. Why would I pay Apple $150 for a 16GB iPod nano? The device uses a micro SIM; so I need a nano SIM to micro SIM adapter. The following applications adds value to the phone: HERE Drive+; HERE Maps; HERE Transit; and Office. Overall, this is a good phone given the specifications and price point.With normal usage, I get through the day with the battery. The battery capacity is 1430 mAh, which is about normal capacity for a phone of this size. One should note it is a higher capacity battery than that on the Nokia Lumia 620, which comes in at 1300 mAh.Pros:- microSD card slot, I currently installed a 64GB microSD card.- you can install Windows Phone 8.1 Preview for Developers; apps can be installed on the memory card if you are running Windows Phone 8.1 Preview for Developers.- display is sensitive.- affordable and it's a no contract phone. If the phone is lost or breaks, it's no biggie.- battery is user swappable.- priced at approximately $55 from amazon.com, which is also cheaper than getting it directly from AT&T.;Cons:- 8GB internal memory storage, about 50% of it is usable as the rest is allocated to the operating system.- 512GB RAM which runs most apps, but there could be issues in the future.- no flash for camera, forget about taking pictures after the sun sets or in the dark.- capacitive buttons at the bottom of the phone are not backlit.- does not support LTE, but did you really expect it at this price point?- lacks a front facing camera, so no selfies and no video calls.

i used it for 5 months , then, the problem comes. i can not turn it off when i pressed the button. and can not wake up by pressing that button, only can i tap the screen twice to wake up the phone.  i dont know where to fix it.

Excelent, but I need the code for unlock my phone and can use in venezuela, your imei is 356696059623863, code 059t105, model 520.2

This is a great phone period. For about $60 is a great deal too, I took it out of the country and it worked like a champ. Yes I had to pay for unlocking the device first and a local SIM card but it's good to know that it works not only in US. Skype, Facebook, instagram and all the Nokia apps is more than enough for entertainment to me, easy to connect it to your PC and transfer al that music and files you want with you all the time. Office is great, I'm able to print docs using hp eprint printer, sweet. Battery life is pretty good, it 'll get you good for the whole day no problems on normal use. Super easy interface, nothing to be the phone for hours playing with the settings. Overall no complaints so far.

What a fantastic value!I purchased 2 for my boys.If it had a front facing camera and 1GB of RAM, I'd give it 5-stars!

For the price you pay for this phone you cannot expect better. I bought this phone to use with straight talk service and all I needed to do was buy their at&t compatible sim card. A little different to use coming from android, but not hard at all. You will enjoy this phone.

I use this phone with a Straight Talk plan and I am very pleased with this product.  I wasn't happy with Windows 8.1 on my notebook but on the phone it works great.  Some limitations on apps, but nothing that was of any major importance.

Can't beat the price on this one! $69.99. After owning the phone for 2 weeks, I have to say it greatly exceeded my expectations. The OS is responsive and fast. The interface for all the apps is very consistent and minimalist. I don't need no fancy colors on my phone! The stock apps are all really good and well written. Battery life is stellar. The first charge pasted me 3 DAYS with the wifi and location services turned off. I also had batter saver on. As far as 3rd party apps, I am not a big app person. Even so, I found all the apps I needed: alarm.com, Wemo switch, nissan leaf, Audible and other random apps, whose existence kind of surprised me. If I broke this or lost it, I would buy another one in a heartbeat. For me, it really is the price. I'm sick and tired of subsidized phones that force you into contracts. If you don't want a contract, you better pay an arm and a leg (unless it's the new Nexus phone). I just want a simple, stable phone that has good battery, with some basic apps that I need.

I Love this phone.I'm enjoying it. I'm still learning to use it.And all the features it have,but so far I'm enjoying it. I'm happy I bought it. But I hope you didn't charge me twice for the same phone. I only bought 1.And I do like it.,but please watch your billing. I seem to be billed twice for this phone. Will you please check this for me.? Thank you.

Really this phone for 60.00 you won't beat it. If you have office 365 this phone  will fit right in. I'm giving this phone 5 stars because of the price and what you have to pay to get equal phone. I have a Motorola Bluetooth and it pairs up great you can: call,text and one note all hands free in the car. I use my phone for a phone no movies or other things so I can't comment on that aspect.

Windows phone now with developer 8.1 whats not to love! This phone comes stock with 8.0 and decent hardware (it will not beat an iphone) but again it gives you Windows for any GSM carrier! We added two of these to out phone plan for the kids and if the phone gets broken it is cheaper then a dectuable to purchase a new one. The price should come down a little bit as the next version 630 will be out in the USA with in the next month. Sporting better hardware (not front cam) and a little better resolution on the screen. The pictures this thing takes are on par with 2 gen Andorid phones from 2011 so not horrible but not as good as my Lumia 1520. The OS however with Windows 8.1 developer gives all the same cool features including Cortana (which the kids LOVE) that I have on my 1520. Switching between apps is smooth but does have some lag time again this is 512k ram on a dual core chip. Movie play back is good no issue with the Win app store and emulators load on it well to play video games. Again no skype face chat because of the lack of front cam. Other wise this is a truly wonderful phone.  There are a ton of screen protectors and cases out there for them. One lacking feature that they wish they had was Qi or PMA wireless (pinless) charging. If you need a front cam or wireless charging this is not for you. Also the wifi range is pretty good in the house almost as good as my Nexus7 (1st gen) tablet.The Windows 8 OS (stock) is cool, but lacking some key features, that's why we upgraded to 8.1 developer on all phones ( and that fact that I am developing a Win App :-) ). But the live tiles do allow good battery life of over 8 hours with mid usage. The color full titles do get distracting again part of the removal on 8.1 allow transparency. So if you have an extra 50 and need a phone for either a back up or a new phone buy this one, and wait for the over the air update for 8.1 you won't be sorry.  Ps Netflixs plays very well and does not green screen or have the same issues as Andorid and Apple have.

awesome purchase, very cheap and fast smartphone, beats iphone 5 by far in every category, best deal you can get

do not buy if you are not in US. I bought it thinking its unlocked.. might be very quick bought... but its locked and i wasnt aware of this

My Android phone broke, and while I am due for an upgrade. I'm tired of being locked into a contract. I got this phone on the first day it was available and I love it.Has lots of apps, you can use a third party instagram app if you need it. I'm currently on a postpaid account so all i did was inset my sim card into the phone. (AT&T; corporate store replaced my normal sim with a microsim) and it works just fine.Phone is really smooth too!

I've used other touchscreen devices and this phone is excellent.  When you swipe, things move.  No having to try a couple of times.  I actually had to turn down the sensitivity one notch.  I could swipe without actually touching the screen.  Whether or not you prefer Windows or Android, is up to you of course.  But I find that the apps for this Windows phone work very well,  And if you are already familiar with Windows 8 then there is not much of a learning curve.  If you plan on downloading maps for the gps apps, you definitely need an SD card for storage.

This Nokia is actually my first smart phone and I'm loving it. I was able to keep my AT&T plan for unlimited talk, text, and photos, but add 300 mgs for $45. The phone came well packaged, and SIM card setup was easily handled by my local AT&T store. The Windows 8 tiles and handy apps made learning to use the phone easy. The battery life is good, as well as the speakers. It's basically all I need in a phone. It connects easily to WiFi signals both at home and while I was on a visit to Hawaii. I'd definitely recommend this phone.

I bought this to use while I was having my Nokia 950 (AT&T) serviced by Nokia because the USB port shorted and burned up.  I used it for a couple of weeks and it performed admirably.  Overall, the 950 has a nicer camera, better screen, a flash and some other goodies, but considering the price I think this 520 is a very nice phone for the money and if buying again I might think twice about paying the extra money for a fancier phone.

While I'm not a huge WIndows 8 fan (I prefer Android), you can't argue with the price for a fully functioning cell phone for way less than a hundred dollars.  I works fine 99% of the time, but does occasionally need to be completely reset by taking the battery out and putting it back in.  My 14 yr old daughter really loves hers.

I love this phone, its fast, super cute and best of all it only cost me 70$!! If your looking for a good cheap smart phone, buy this phone!

purchased it as back up phone and this meets my expectation.though lags in comparison to high end phones and is good just to use as an offline gps and music player.

The phone is very slow. I have had it glitched several times since I got it. Maybe because the Nokia Lumia has developed so much since they made it they don't have many updates that support the demands of the internet, apps. etc. I recommend this phone to someone buying a cell phone to do mainly what a phone should do, make calls and receive texts. I am sure the newer Nokia Lumia phones have great performance. I don't like this particular phone.

I love it. Although there's not that many apps because you can't use google play or the app store. But overall its great for messaging and receiving texts

Pretty good phone for the price, although the chip could be a bit faster. Overall, however, it gets the job done

Great phone! works well and is without a doubt 100 times better than my last phone. It works really well for me and was easy to use. It was also delivered quickly and was able to begin using it once i turned my sim into a micro sim. Power button doesnt work too well but i think it was from a drop before i got a case. Biggest complaint is that case options are limited, a lot more options with the 521 which is bigger

I recently purchased the Nokia Lumia 520 Gophone from Amazon brand new in December 2013 and I think you should know some problems I am experiencing with the phone. I experience problems with accessing the web, starting apps, and sending media in text messages DAILY. I constantly have to restart my phone to get things to work properly.For one, apps refuse to start unless they are updated. And when I say apps I mean apps that both come pre-installed on the phone (even At&T;'s apps like "HEREdrive") and ones you can download from the internet onto the phone. This issue is extremely irritating because some apps release updates every week or so. A Nokia representative told me that they can't guarantee apps to work properly on their phone. So basically, they cant even guarantee their own carrier (aT&T;) apps to function properly. Several times now, I've been on the road and in need of some GPS guidance from my phone and before anything else I need to stop and update the GPS navigation app. A side note regarding the default application for navigation-- it sucks. I was trying to find an on-ramp to get onto Interstate 5 South in downtown Seattle recently and the navigation gave me directions to 5 North when my destination was clearly set as Portland, OR. If you miss one of your turns while the program is navigating the program will literally freak out and start telling you to turn in the middle of a street or make u-turns on a one way street and it takes a good 5 minutes for the program to recalculate a route.. The navigation program in the andriod is much better I'll have to see if theres an app I can download to change the default program in the Windows phone.Another issue I have is with 4G not working. A customer service representative at Nokia informed me that "4G/LTE is not supported by your device"....wait what?! That thing in the left-hand corner of my phone that says "4G" is that an hallucination? Sometimes I'll go to play Pandora, for example,  and it will open but can't "connect to the network" when it clearly says I have 4G.  Yet, for whatever reason, after restarting the phone it works fine. This particular issue happens pretty often. So much in fact, that it would be more rare if an app actually started working the very first time I opened it then not.  Something similar happens when trying to send a text-- it says I have 2 or 3 bars yet it cannot send the message, or cannot send/retrieve media content. I have to flick the "flight mode" switch on and off to force a reconnection to the network, and I find myself doing this a lot.I also just discovered that sometimes the camera decides that when you take pictures its going to take 2 at the same time. Go to delete one and it's "copy" gets deleted as well. So you just have to be stuck with "doubles" of some pictures. This only happens sometimes and I cant seem to recreate the problem in a controlled manner.My advice: look for a different phone!

What will expect a $100 smart phone? Great design, easy to use. Nice display size. The only thing needs to improve i guess is the battery.Another hit is this locked phone can be used in H20 wireless network. If you have used H20, you know how much you can save for cell phone bill a year.

Was stand offish at first but now I really love this phone and it was at a really great price to.

EXCELLENT PRODUCT

Anything else to say...simply very good cell for a child that need to be in contact with they parents........Very Good !

I dropped and broke my phone, and needed to order a replacement phone cheap and this was it. However, its only a cheaper version of the windows phone that you buy on contract. so beware that if you are expecting a full version for this cheap, its not the phone you will expect.

I used to own nokia feature phones 6 years ago and loved everything about them. After moving to the America's , I caught up with the smartphone wave and have used android,apple, blackberry and tried htc, samsung handsets. When my 2 yr contract ended with att, I looked for an off contract phone and was skeptical about windows 8. I picked up this phone for $100 from an att store. Honestly, I'm blown away and very glad to own a nokia phone again. I love everything about this phone.Pros:1. Excellent design and call quality2. Great speed and smooth operation similar to high end phones that sell well over $2003. Turn by turn navigation with offline maps4. Offline music5. Very good camera even without the flash6. Live tiles are refreshing7. Easily changeable back shell in bright colorsThis phone will stay with me for many years no matter wherever technology takes us.

This is actually a very good phone.  I bought this phone as a testing device for Microsoft's 8.1 phone software, which I was able to load without issue.  (Google or Bingle it).  It's snappy, durable, light and the battery lasts twice as long as my Galaxy.  I can get 24 hours + on a single charge.  The OS lets you customize the interface to a degree that will make most gagety people happy, and of course it integrates well with the microsoft universe of services like One Drive, and outlook.com.It also works on Straight Talk.  I just ordered their nano sim, put it in, and went to the online account management site to transfer my number.Some good news is that it's 4G, and also has great WiFi reception.Software plusses include excellent navigation and the maps app even lets you download maps for any or all of the 50 states via WiFi ahead of time, making them available for offline navigation as well as not burdening the cellular networks as you travel.  Cortana is their virtual assistant, which seems to anticipate when you are headed home at the end of the day, subtly displaying drive times, and other information.  Expect that eerie feature to get more accurate over time.Drawbacks are related to the software, and many users that are married to android devices will be faced with the absence of gmail, google drive, and many other products when they go looking for familiar apps to install. Of course email from all providers is both available and simple to set up.  In time I expect more apps to show up, as developers recognize windows phone as a viable platform.One last consideration is that this phone has only one camera.  It's quite good, and meets the standards of mainstream phones, but if you want to skype or take a non-contortionist selfie, you're going to be disappointed.  Remember though, this is a sub $60 phone, and considering that very attractive feature, the Lumia 520 is an incredible value.Edit-  You should feel no regret in ignoring the negative reviews about this phone posted by people that bought it thinking they were going to unlock it and couldn't, or can't get android apps on it. This phone delivers well on what it promises, and no sub $100 Android phones could compare to it.

This is a great phone. You cannot beat the price. I made the switch from an older Samsung android phone. It is very smooth and snappy. The windows interface is pretty easy to learn. I am thinking you will not be able to buy a phone this cheap if win phones start to gain more market share...for this price I am thinking about buying a second just for backup

I just bought this phone and basically, it's good and also my first Smart phone. I figured out how to use it in no time whatsoever. What I like best is how easy it is to create an address book and then to make calls or send texts. What I don't like is that the letters on the keyboard in this phone are just too small and too close to one another so that I always type the wrong letter and constantly have to correct. What makes this somewhat easier though, is the auto recognition of words that appear, so that I can select the word, rather than type it in its entirety.  Also, the proximity of the letters only allow for the use of one hand to text. The number keys are situated much better, are larger and easier to use. I don't know why Nokia couldn't have done the same with the letter keys.  Voices are not quite as crystal clear as they used to be in older Nokia phones, but I think I can live with this.  When turning on the phone, it seems to take quite a while until the main display screen appears. There's no physical manual that comes with this phone, so you have to look things up on line, which is an annoyance.  There doesn't appear to be a data plan for this AT&T Go Phone unless you change your plan, however, AT&T does offer data on a pay per use at 1 cent per 5 kb. I find the battery life to be poor because even if you don't use the phone, the battery dies.  Creating a microsoft account on the phone comes with its own difficulties and frustrations.  You have to type letters that appear so they don't think you're a "robot" trying to create an account, and no matter how many types you repeat this procedure, it fails.  The volume keeps going down, and I constantly have to remember to check it and make sure it's on high. All in all, for the price I paid, I think this phone is so-so. Perhaps once I become more familiar with its features, I'll be happier.

Well maybe it's my fault, I should of asked someone who knows things about CELL PHONES to read the fine print for ME... (tears)... I can't use this phone (tearss).  I can't explain to, how to explain to, explain too explain, how I can't use it.. (SEE). Then I went with another carrier for services instead of AT&T (tearsss) and no luck. They could only unlock some of the phone settings.. I was told by idiots (I believe) that I could use this type of phone with any type of carrier (WRONG)-tearssss), and  I'm even a bigger idiot for believing them. I even went to a AT&T store thinking help, and it to did no good (BIGGER IDIOTS then US ALL).  I'm thinking that I might have to go with AT&T, but I know Like everyone else(who don't use their services) they SUCK (more tears and more).  I wish I could use my carrier for this phone (STRAIGHT TALK)-UNLIMITED) but I can't, and they use AT&T towers (wow).  I'm sooo disappointed in my  &#34;JOHNNY QUEST&#34;  for a good phone (and now I'm stuck with this phone)...  And P.S. put a FLASH light on it.. (everyone else has it).

I had an iPhone 5 a year ago and then it got stolen. I can't afford to buy another iPhone because it is off contract with AT&T; and even the iPhone 4s would cost me over $350 off contract. I've been curious about Windows Phone 8 and thought this would be a good way to try it out. It is a Go Phone ( marketed for prepaid plans), but if you already have an AT&T; post paid phone plan, simply swap in your own SIM card and it will work right out of the box with your current phone number and plan (If you have a larger SIM card you can buy a SIM cutter for under $5 and it should work fine).I purchased this Nokia Lumia 520 phone from Amazon in mid-august 2013 (about 8 weeks ago). Anyways, I figured that for $100, I could try out WP8 operating system and if I didn't like it it would be not much of a risk or loss to me. So far, I have been really, really happy with it. It is pretty much equivalent in performance and specs to the iPhone 4s. With the Lumia 520, you lose the front camera and flash of the iPhone 4s, but you get a bigger 4-inch screen and bigger battery. The 520 only comes with 8 GB of storage, but I added a 16 GB SD card for a total of 24 gigabytes, which is more than enough for my purposes. Including the SD card, the total phone cost $115 (w/ free amazon prime shipping). I'd be satisfied with this phone if I paid $200 for it, but at $115 - I'm very happy indeed.The only shortcoming I can think of is there are not as many Windows Phone apps as there are for Android or Apple iOS, but I will not take any stars off of the phone because that is not an issue with the phone and there are more WP apps coming every day. If this was my first smartphone, there would be no complaints whatsoever. I know Apple and Android really have the smartphone market locked up in the US, Japan and UK, but I think Windows Phone will really get a foothold in EU and the developing world, so lots more WP apps should be coming down the pipeline soon form enterprising app developers internationally.My phone use is for texting first, camera second, phone calls third... fourth would be browsing the web while taking the bus to/from school, fifth as a music player and sixth for maps/directions. It does all of those things very well. The Nokia Camera app is great - I'm a photographer and I like that I can change the exposure by +- 2 stops, Nokia Here apps are awesome (maps, public transit and turn-by-tun driving)  - the driving app even lets you download maps to your phone so you can get directions and view maps where there is no cell phone service (came very handy driving through the mountains in Western Nevada). The Nokia "Transfer MY Data" app was great and pulled all 300+ of my address book from an iPod Touch in about 20 seconds via bluetooth. I like the Windows Phone integration with SkyDrive and find it much easier to use and more user friendly than iCloud - there is a lot more customization options with SkyDrive whereas iCloud has a really dumbed down and simplistic interface over the web.I've even been able to do a small amount of data tethering with my iPod Touch. I've only had to do it once when I had no Windows Phone app for what I wanted to do. I've hear AT&T; locks out tethering from data plans unless you pay more, but I think it was only a small amount of data and since it went to a mobile device it was able to get thru the system. I think if I had tried to tether with a laptop, it might have been blocked. I wouldn't say this is a feature, and your mileage if you try this may vary.I really like this phone and for the price ($100), I LOVE IT! I think my next phone may be a Windows Phone with LTE and I may end up getting an iPad for those few iOS apps I can do without.

This is a preliminary review, just received today, but I have been exposed to my wife's 520 for a month now and already know most of the features and delights.My old phone (which will finally be thrown as far into the woods as I can heave it) was a Samsung Flight II... the worst phone ever made... Probably bought by Samsung from some North Korean sweatshop... a true scam of a phone... read my review if you want a laugh.A lot of what I like about this phone is the Windows O/S... so simple and user friendly... very thoughtful layout and operation.  Every I-Phone and Samsung owner my wife has shown her (cheap) Lumia to has said they will buy one of these.  I won't go through all of the features, I just want to say they work, they are easy and logical and quick.I'm sure I'll add more to this review as I continue to marvel at it... it's at least 1000 times better than my old Samsung side slider and half the price!Oh... forgot to mention the good service at ATT when I had them set my phone up with the same number I had before. (since the old phone was dumb, not smart, I couldn't just swap sim cards). I had a hard time finding the right number to call, but the tech (name Ty) was so helpful and so kind, taking as much time as I needed to magnify the tiny numbers on the sim card, looking for the mislaid back cover so I could turn it on, etc.  Thank you so much ATT....OK a little confusion to me because I was originally told these phones would do wifi even if you've never turned on AT&T; data service... that's TRUE, but my router had to be changed before I could do it... something to do with static dns, which I don't understand much about, but my savvy brother helped me get it going.  I don't really need internet on my phone though because our home has a desktop, a chromebook and two Tab 3s :)  Maybe someday I'll be somewhere that I need internet and there's wifi available, but I can't really foresee that.Favorite feature:  (not that I advocate driving and using a cellphone) ... but you don't even have to look at your phone to make a call, just press the windows button at the center bottom, it beeps, then say "Call (Name)" and the phone voice responds "Calling (Name)"... ring ring talk talk, eyes on the road.UPDATE:  Still very pleased with this phone and discovering new features every week.  Looks great, even with the case.............but where is the $ dollar sign symbol?  I can't find it!  There IS a British Pound symbol, but not $.  Another note... I have now used wifi at several locations, even while sitting in the parking lot at a shopping center, thanks to a nearby bistro.  It's a great feature when you need to entertain yourself or use facebook, etc.

This particular device exceeded all my expectation @ $50 price. Does not have to be unlocked to use with AT&T MVNOs such as H2O or Net10.

I have owned a number of phones in the past.  This one was for my 10 year old.  Its cheap, off contract, and seemly powerful enough.  I have to say I am blown away by its features both on and off of the device.  On device seems snappy to most commands and has a very small issue with a number of games/apps.  What I really like is the off device features that Microsoft put you through.  I wasn't crazy about having to set up another account just for him, but they make up for it with things like find my phone (which I tried and it found it w/I 100 feet).  Setup of game ratings and purchase options, down to the idea that he can ask to have a game or app, I get notified of the request and can deny or accept from another device altogether.  I like that.  Also an added bonus is that the battery is replaceable.  I have owned an iPhone 3GS and an iPhone 5 and I would still chose this windows phone over them.I use and am in love with my Nexus 5, but for that tax claimed child whom you are not sure if they will lose it or not.... it is absolutely wonderful.

Awesome phone for the price. Very sensitive touch and the WP8 tiles are refreshing. Feature rich and only lacking thing is the front facing cam. A VGA cam would have been a huge advantage

If you want the smart phone experience without the smart phone price, this is it!  This phone does it all.  I have the $25 a month plan from AT&T.  I am retired now, so I don't need lots of talk time and it has unlimited texting.  I also use Skype while in Florida for the winter, so for an additional $2.99 a month I can talk for hours with my family!  It has a much better camera than I anticipated.  No flash, but I carry a real camera always.  The only app I can't get from the windows store, that I would like to have, is Words with Friends.  There is a similar game however.  I have even watched Netflix on it.  I purchased this when it was $79.00 and thought it was a good deal.  At the current price of $59.00 you have no reason to hesitate.  The maps, talk to text (when near wifi) Facebook, email and all the available apps make this the best phone ever!

phone works great, shipping seamed kinda slow. but it was getting into christmas season. getting more apps all the time.

Only part that sucks is that i had to pay my phone carrier $25 to get a new sim card bc this phones sim card is much smaller than the standard sim and my current sim wouldnt fit in this phone.The best part is that there is a voice activate texting feature. Without the swype it was totally necessary

got one at discount as a video player for the kid (po man itouch?), the win apps are adequate, responses are fast, can play .mov and .jpg from the microsd with no problem. Bluetooth audio to the car when playing videos from youtube. Cant ask for more!Another big plus, you dont have to have an ATT account to use this, the GoPhone comes with a ATT sim, just drop it in and you can use wifi to get all that you want... Whatsapp, Line, Textme, Youtube, Google Maps, ... etc...

I recently purchased this phone from the AT&T; Go Phone website for a mere $50 (refurbished). My previous Go Phone, an AT&T; Fusion 2 (Android OS) smart-phone was a great deal at $40 bucks, but its operation was somewhat sluggish, and I decided to take a chance with this Windows phone.The FEEL of the phone is much higher quality than you are going to get with other non-contract phones at this price-point. This is easily the nicest build of any model of Go Phone that I've put my hands on. The Nokia 520's hardware is powerful enough to run everything very smoothly; I was able to noticeably recognize its superiority over the Fusion 2 instantly. Nokia's &#34;Transfer My Data&#34; app was able to very easily import all of my contacts from my microSD card (I had previously exported all of my contact information to the SD card using the Android phone). Thus, I was up and running very quickly.Some more tidbits:-A problem that I've had with three previous Android phones was that the volume of my media files was consistently weak--this phone pumps the volume when you want it!-Many people (including myself) probably look at the Windows home screen and see a lot of junk. The things that you don't like can be easily unpinned or resized. It is not difficult to set up a home screen that will suit your desires.-Another problem I've had with ALL Android phones is that they come loaded with many junk apps that cannot be uninstalled. I was able to uninstall ALL junk apps from this Nokia Windows phone without any fuss, a MAJOR plus for me.For someone like myself, who primarily uses their cell-phone to text, read emails, listen to music, and browse the internet, I cannot observe anything wrong with this phone. The build quality is FANTASTIC for a $50 dollar phone and given the rapidity of obsolescence for any contemporary digital device, I cannot justify spending over $100 on a telephone. I have been an Android user for several years, and I still enjoy using that operating system on my tablet, for which I feel Android is better suited. When using my tablet, there are a number of apps (bit-torrents, comic book readers, game-system emulators, etc.) that are not available for this phone. For me, this is a non-issue. I don't care to do my reading, gaming, and other such activities on a tiny phone display. For the price, and for my purposes, this is currently the best (non-contract) phone that money can buy.

I've been wanting to try a windows 8 phone, and I have to say I love it! It's quite refreshing after android and ipad. Assuming it keeps working this way, and I don't get the slow down over time of windows PCs, I'll use windows phones. I'd say get this if you want a smooth inexpensive phone, or you just want to play around with a windows 8 phone. I'm leaving off a star due to the INCREDIBALLY difficult packaging. No, that doesn't have to do with the phone, but with ATTs packaging, which the phone comes in.

Picked up 4 of these phones. two for my boys for Christmas one for me as a back up phone and one for my best friend so that she has a back up phone and introduces her to Windows Phone 8. I have the Nokia Lumia 925 and it s great but I work at a sewage plant and it is nice to be able to swap my sim card and have a work phone. My oldest son will get service through go phone and my youngest isn't getting service but he will be able to use his on wifi and use it as a newer version of the Zune HD. My best friend has an iPhone 5c but likes the idea of having a backup phone too and since she has always been an iSheep I didn't think she would like not only the phone but windows phone 8 OS. She loves both. this may be a lower entry level lumia but is quite a fast and nice phone. for the price its silly not to grab one of these and see how nice of a job Microsoft has done with this OS. definitely recommend!!

very nice phone, in a small package you have everything you need for a low price

If you are a light to medium user you can't go wrong here. I don't need internet that much so I use a pay as you go plan with ATT. I don't have to pay a monthly for a data package but have all the neat smart phone features. You can coonnect to the internet at any wifi point for free. This is a great phone!

The sound quality is good and internet access is adequate.  It is user friendly and easy to use.  It's a very good smartphone for the money.

This is an inexpensive (sub $100) windows 8 micro-tablet computer as an extension of the windows 8 desktop-laptop-tablet infrastructure. The combination of Wi-Fi , Mi-Fi and Skype appears to mean that it may never be necessary to activate the phone or sign up for a carrier plan. It is nice to have access to an sd card slot, but the host of video, reading and music apps along with sky drive may make the lack of on-board storage less important. Microsoft, as usual, appears to be late to the game; but they are doing a good job of getting things right (esp. compatibility and security) for the average user. This device is also a perfect candidate for an ad-supported free version. Let's keep our fingers crossed.In addition; since this is essentially a small tablet, Microsoft needs to provide a way to dock this device for use as a desktop computer with monitor, mouse and keyboard.

Once I turned on the phone and looked at it a bit, I turned it off and can not turn back, the phone is switched on the screen logo appears at & t and the screen goes blank.

This Nokia Lumia 520 has some nice features that I need to still learn how to use.  I chose it for its Swiss (Nokia) background and familiarity with Windows 8.  Getting accessories for this could be a challenge because stores like BestBuy, Wal-Mart, etc. do not carry them.  However, Amazon could be your best friend here.

Amazing phone for such a cheap price. The free offline GPS voice navigation software (HERE Drive) alone worth this price or more. I've bought 3 of these in last couple months. This phone is very fast and Windows Phone 8 OS is extremely stable. No freezes that I've seen. Another good thing about Windows Phone is that it runs same speed even after a year, doesn't degrade overtime. Unlike Android, which will slow down after couple weeks.

Have had the phone for about a month and no complaints so far. Few minor things like I wish that the buttons on the bottom of the screen lit up and it had a front facing camera, but for the price it is a great phone and hard to beat.

I'm a not so techy great grandma and this was the easiest phone I've ever had! I figured out all of the features on my own. I really like how I can make the font larger for texting and emails. I have just recently started clipping my coupons on it too. I have had it for several months now and still not even one problem. Oh, and it keeps a charge really good too, even with all the stuff I have going on it.

I hope I don't jinx it but this is such a terrific phone and for the price I mean really? I know this is a older model but it does more than a iphone 5!!! This phone is so wonderful I love it.

The hardware and software are on par with iPhone 4S. Does not have LTE data, only 3G, which is no big deal. The interface is fast and smooth, very pleasant. The screen is very good.Nokia has a FREE navigation app HERE which is very good and works without 3G, in contrast to Google Maps. The camera is also very good, with autofocus, but no flash.I would not recommend using it with AT&T; contract, since AT&T; will detect it and add $15 to your plan for using a smartphone. AT&T; prepaid (=GoPhone) is also expensive compared to ANY OTHER WAY of using a cell phone is USA. H2O and Straight Talk are AT&T; resellers (=MVNOs), and are much more reasonable.This phone body may be used with H2O and Straight Talk without unlocking, which since November 2013 is very expensive. H2O gives you unlimited talk and text + 50  MB data for $30.00/month. Straight Talk gives you the same deal, but with 100 MB data. If you exceed you data consumption, you can buy more or just switch off 3G and use WiFi only. You can also buy minutes from them, if $30/month seems too high for you.

Windows 8, it have new functions,  It works fast. It have good video and sound in Skype.Good work viber too.I like it. I will recommend them to my friends.

I am unable to unlock it. help me to unlock i will change the rating as soon as you help me to unlock

Excellent phone! No problems at all so far with it.  It was pretty fast shipping as well. I recommend it if you like Windows phones.

This was to replace the phone that broke for the 3rd time, this time out of warranty.  This phone is nothing flashy, but it has a camera, just no flash.  It accepts a micro sim, so it's storage is expandable.  I have a friend who purchased one just to replace his iPod.  Each time I ask my daughter if she likes the phone, I get an increasingly believable, yes.I will also add, that she isn't the as tech savvy as most kids her age, and although all her old devices were ios products, she has taken to the windows phone quite easily.I also added the SquareTrade accident protection, so for less than $100, I have a decent cell phone, and a protection plan for at least a year.

This phone does deserve the high praise it has received from customers.Pros:The phone is not too large like a Galaxy S3.  It is very easy to navigate and make calls in one hand.Really responsive touchscreen.User friendly operating system which is way better IMO than Apple and Android phones.Windows 8.1 Update is available, and works great on this phone.Works great with Straight Talk's $45 unlimited plan.Low Price Point.Easily import/export videos and music when connected to pc.  Even movies and TV shows I have downloaded via XBMCBuilt in radio that uses your headphones as an antenna, which I've been using a lot more than I thought I would.Preinstalled Nokia Music App is great.Preinstalled Navigation Software and built-in GPS works flawlessly.Long battery life, I mean lllllloooooooonnnnnnnnggggggg.Dedicated external camera button.Cons: (All about the camera)There are few settings which really limits what a person can do before taking a photo.No flash.  Although I'm not a big fan of using flash, sometimes it is a necessity.No forward facing camera, so no selfies and/or video chatting. (For some, this might be a deal breaker)I'm being too picky about the camera, I know.  I'm just spoiled by the camera on my old Galaxy S3.In conclusion:I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a smartphone with a user friendly operating system, low price point, and great built in apps/features.

It's great.She does Not want data planWe called they blocked data and her wifi at home still works if she wants..All she wants to do is text and call (she's old school) and that's fine.They told us at store she needed data so we called customer service for at&t; they helped us to block it..

Awesome love my phone

I luv this phone I needed to update my cell phone I would teccomemd this phone to anyone looking for a great phone

I have owned this phone for two months now.  I replaced an old flip phone with a ATT GoPhone pay by the minute plan.  I wanted some of the features of a smartphone and was greatly interested in the wireless access for accessing some of apps I like on my tablet but did not want to buy a data plan.  I did not want to make a large investment and this smartphone fit the bill.  Best phone purchase I have ever made. I am still on my ATT GoPhone pay by the minute plan with no data.  I have found that there are even more free WIFI spots than I anticipated.  I love several features offered by this phone.  Audio announcements of incoming phone calls (by name if they are in your contact list, free severe weather alerts (Bing weather app), free amber alerts, front screen announcements of your next appointment (from my gmail calendar), the USA Today app keeps me up to date of breaking news and the ability to check my email (gmail) when I am out and about, picking up digital store coupons in store, and the ability to transfer / download music or even free audiobooks from the library.  I can also access my Hulu Plus account and stream video as long as I have a strong enough signal.  I actually use my phone more now than I ever did before but still only buying a $25 prepaid card every 3 months.  The only problem I had with the phone was downloading pix from text messages but a quick call to ATT customer service and it was fixed quickly.  Guess what phone the ATT customer service rep had?  This one.  I am looking forward to going on my next trip as I will add a data package for the month and take advantage of the Navigator features!  A smartphone for $50 and $100 per year in prepaid cards...this phone makes great fiscal sense.  You can barely find a decent flip phone for this price and you will enjoy the extra features.  I have already saved the cost of the phone with the coupons that I downloaded in store.  I am sure that I am not the only one who leaves home without my coupons.

It don't do rite it keep's cutting off every time I put it into my pocket I wish I  never bought it

I bought this phone for my wife. I wanted a touch screen phone without any contract and i couldn't be happier than this purchase. I bought 100$ go phone card from ATT and way to go! good battery life, clear display, 4 inches screen. If you are thinking of unlocking, then this is not for you. ATT will not unlock this.

My husband and I both got one of these phones and we both love them.  So easy to use.  Love not having a contract.

The cons, no front facing camera, no LED flash, for a brand that has become synonomous with great cameras the value camera on this phone is a bit of a let down. That being said, for the price point on this phone, it's a great value for the technology. It's inexpensive enough (not cheap as in low quality) to purchase as a back up phone in case you lose or damage your more expensive model. I purchased this as an upgrade for my teenager who was using a WP7 Samsung Focus. He absolutely loves it and has been using it for the past 5 months without any issues. He gets a lot of mileage out of the games, OneDrive and apps like Instagram and Facebook. We have a contract with AT&T but purchased this phone outright to avoid having to pay for an upgrade. Well worth the investment.

Great Phone for the Price.

So..... Have been an Apple user for a while and was very excited when os7 came out that finally apple was giving us something different. I was wrong!!Saw the Lumia in a local Radio Shack and was intrigued. Came home and ordered it from Amazon and the phone has been amazing!!! Love windows OS clean easy and flexible! Great call quality from Nokia above average battery ( follow the batt saving tips)  and a nice selection of apps. Love the build quality the rubbery back as well as the upgradable Sd card.  I am very glad to be free of the apple fog YAY WINDOWS! Try it out u wont be sorry!!

It's a good mobile with good relation quality/price. I love Nokia mobiles and its support service, furthermore this mobile it's easy to unlock and the Windows Phone 8 is (for me) better and easier than Android systems, and it looks nicer!The UPS international shipment was fast and I recommend it (I'm waiting for another nokia with the cheaper shipment and it's been retained at customs for more than a week and it was bought three weeks ago...)If you buy it, you'll enjoy it!

Nokia has made a good, cheap, reliable phone and nokia apps are really good. The down side is windows software not being user friendly. There is no forward or back back option for explorer, some of the apps are less user friendly than compared with Iphone or android apps of same developer.

This is my first Nokia phone and I am very impressed with the performance of the 520. Why get locked into a contract, when you canpurchase this phone for less than $70.00. Would definitely recommend this phone to all my friends and family. No complaints aboutprice of phone and shipping.

My phone is great and It got here so quickly. It is extremely easy to use and has a lot of features for the price.

I had the Lumia 900 before this one and there are significant differences. I wanted to test out a windows 8 phone for I bought a more expensive o e. I was not disappointed. I like the fact that I can upload my documents back and forth from my phone to my laptop which is also windows 8. Windows Phone 8 also has a better app store now, so that's a major plus in my book. Everything is great about this phone. Even the extra features in the setting menu. The only downfall to this phone is no flash and no front facing camera. But its not a big deal. For $50+ dollars, you get a pretty good phone. I definitely recommend this phone.

the very first time i used it it froze up after that it was constant freezing. it got to the point where i was lucky enough just to get pass the lock screen. when the lumia back update came out i updated it and know i cant even get passed my lock screen. i will tell u guys to never buy from this seller never

OK, so I just graduated from using an old black dial phone out of the 1920s but seriously, for no contract and at half off on Amazon for $50, this is one stupendous flying phone with crisp clear display (even in sunlight and strong glare), great camera selections, fast apps and just plain easy to use, even for someone like me. Highly recommend.

Decent phone. Windows Mobile takes a little getting used to if you're more familair with iPhones or other programming. Keyboard for texting is adequate but not as user friendly as iPhone. Touchscreen also tends to stick at times especially when using apps like Facebook, so some occasional patiuence is required. Other than that, a pretty good phone.

1. Biggest  restriction is  operating system. All the apps  are not available for windows.2. Battery backup is  not  so good.3. User control is not  easy, need more time to get  comfortable with phone  compared  to IOS and android phones.4. No flash  for the camera, picture  quality looks  good only in phone  and not on computer.5. Less Price is the only  good  thing  about phone :)

Good and simple to use. Came fast and was exactly what it was supposed to be. Serves it purpose. Highly recommended.

great value great price; my kid uses it.  its a bit shocking that you can get a phone like this for such a great price. no forward facing camera is my only complaint. but hey; can't beat the price

Kudos to Amazon for having this phone for $10 less than any other retailer, and for getting it to me as quickly as they did. The phone itself is fantastic, the best offering from the folks at AT&T as far as the GoPhones are concerned. Have not had the freezing issues or inability to receive texts as I did with another smart phone they previously offered. The only downside is the camera is a bit primitive, but the picture quality and editing programs make up for some of that.

the phone is not free and can not be used in another operator, the At&t deceive their customers by offering a prepaid phone that can not be used in other countries

Best phone for low price. No lags no freez. fast and quickly. i recommend this phone. Best deals for low money.

it's ok. Nice good quality screen, many apps, windows phone, long usable battery, camera. Easy to use - with gloves too.

I got this as a replacement for my hubbys phone. although the price was great, we have come across a few problems. my other half calls me from his pocket all day long. and also, if the phone wiggles too much, the battery looses contact. I wont buy another of these phones, but it does keep us connected.

Bought this phone for my 13 yr.old son and he really likes it. He wanted to use his money to get an iPhone but my oldest daughter has an HTC 8XT and he was sold on this after hearing how loud the speakers are on my daughter's, and the similarity between the two.

I've used enough of my friends' smartphones to know what features and characteristics that I like and do not like.  My biggest hesitation for buying a smartphone without a contract is the price...it just seems like a waste of money unless you have the extra $400-500 for an iphone or droid.  This phone is awesome and FAST.  I love everything about it: the volume levels, the ease of the touchscreen and the size of the screen.  It's amazing that I only spent $60 for this phone, it looks way more expensive than that.  One happy customer here :)

Best bang for the buck cell phone on the market. I refused to pay for data, so when this phone became available I jumped on it and switched my pre-paid gophone and plan to this phone. I cut my monthly minutes cost in half by using wifi and skype $3 a month unlimited calling. Bought a sim cutter to cut my sim card to micro sim size and use my existing number and adapter to switch between. All the free apps and offline gps stuff is gravy to me.

This phone is a fantastic buy and works well when using it with Straight Talk.  All you have to do is get the correct sim card from Straight Talk and you can enjoy this phone with data, talk, and text for one price of $49.10 (including tax).  This phone was given to me as a gift at Christmas and I have only used it only with Straight Talk.  I have had no problems with the phone so far.

wow!! what a super phone. boy did i research this. went to consumer sights, watched videos, talked to ATT customers reps. never used windows OS on a phone. my last smart phone was a samsung t mobile android with a qwerty key board so i've never even used a touch key pad. this phone was amazingly easy to start up & since i opted to keep my phone number & the sim card was different on prior phone, i went to ATT store & they set it up quickly & efficiently. i am not currently on data plan but rather using wifi connection in our home which is great & a $25 a month plan which suits me well. phone has great offline maps, predictive for texting seems too good to be true.....it's like...it knows....seriously this is a super nice phone & the fact that it's so well priced is just a bonus. my last smart phone was a plan phone that was still close to $200 & this works equally well if not better. for the money....you almost can't go wrong.

My wife has been after me for years to get one. I wanted something cheap, technologically up-to-date and contract free. This seems to fill the bill, and I'm sure I'll learn to use it eventually. It looks just like the high priced toys so everyone around me is happy now.

Good product, Good price. Better than I expected.Only cons: If it has a front-facing camera, it would be great.

I just needed an upgrade from my older Windows phone (Windows CE) and get with the times.  If you're a fan of the Windows interface on phones then this is perfect.  Touch capable, no stylus.  Highly recommended.

I have used all the latest smartphones, Iphone 5s, Note 3, HTC One and this phone  is simple and very inexpensive. For only $60 and no contract, one gets all you probably need with a smartphone.  I purchased it and slipped in my Consumer Cellular sim card and share the minutes and data plan with my Iphone 5s for only $9.50 per month.  What a nice solution for wanting a second phone for skiiing, hiking, and anything outdoors without fear of breaking or losing an expensive smartphone.

Much better than previous Gophones we have purchased. Good battery life. Audio quality very good. Easy Bluetooth setup and transfer of contacts to car system. Wifi works very well.

This is the most frustrating phone I have ever owned. First, in the middle of entering my wifi password, which is full length WPA2, the thing would try to connect after about 20 characters and I'd have to start over. Manufacturer was no help. I should have returned it then, but kept at it and finally got through the whole password. I have a vacation home that also has wifi. Same result. I finally shortened the password on the router.For some reason I've never been able to determine, when not connected to wifi this thing is going out and doing something that shows on none of the menus that i have been able to find. In the six months I've owned the thing it has eaten up about $150 worth of usage on calls that I neither placed nor received.Most recently it will not connect to my wifi router. It says the router does not respond, even when I'm standing next to it. I suppose it has dumped its password and the solution is to enter it all over again. Instead, I am going to dump this piece of junk.

Had Nokia phone for over a month and when I make a call I have problems disconnecting the call. Cannot figure out how to keep the screen on long enough to press the end call space to disconnect the call.  When the call goes to voice mail I cannot disconnect.

This isn't a unlocked phone. It shouldn't be allowed to ship internationally as it isn't functional here. It's good looking one btw.

I bought this phone as my wife's iPhone couldn't hold charge for more than 7-8 hours. Her contract is not quite up yet, so I decided to get her the Lumia 520 as a temporary phone. My wife, who loves her iPhone has really started to like this phone. It does almost everything that her iPhone, does something's better and some other not as well. But when you consider that this phone is only $100 CONTRACT FREE, and she can use a feature rich OS, charge the phone every alternate day, stream music on Bluetooth, navigate using offline maps, listen to the latest songs for free using Nokia music, this is just an awesome package.Now my wife is seriously considering getting a Lumia 1020 instead of the new iPhone that will be released in September

Dislike this item as I can not use it in new zealand and the process to unlocking it is very hard. Amazon team has tryed to make easier for me but couldnt get it unlocked

I purchased this phone with no intentions of using it on AT&T.;  For how cheap it is, I can keep up with what Windows mobile is adding to its feature set (I'm primarily and Android user).  I'm impressed with the evolution of Windows mobile.  Even though the adoption rate is slow, it's nice to see Microsoft be the underdog and actually put real design behind Windows mobile.Don't let the specs fool you:  They really squeeze all the performance out of the dual-core Snapdragon CPU.  It's smoother than my Nexus 4, which operates at 50% higher frequency, and has 2 more cores.

Bought for my daughter. She loves this phone. It worked just as it was meant to when new. Takes pretty good pictures of my grandbaby too.

It hooked up automatically to my car and allows me to have super hands free wireless including texting! I love this phone. Best purchase yet.

You should be afraid of what other phone your are gonna get because THIS ONE ROCKS....Little confusing at first, but once you get to the set up and have it the way you like it...trust me, it takes a while, but SO worth it.I love this lil phone and LOVE the camera!

Buenas noches,Compre este telefono pensando que estaba las bandas estaban liberadas para todas las operadoras y cuando lo tengo en mano me doy cuenta que el mismo no funciona.Estoy muy decepcionado___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Good night,Buy this phone thinking it was the bands were released to all carriers and have it on hand when I realize that it does not work.I am very disappointed

I can't get it set up so I must have a problem with it. I think the phone is nice and I am hoping I can get it set up,anyone know how to set these ATT Go phones up with a purchased card  ? Thanks verona

The phone itself is ok but it is locked and not suitable for New Zealand, I feel that I should have been notified and I would have purchased another

if you want to use this with a post paid contract plan , then att will automatically add a data plan.

Its a bit slow. But its worth the price. Go for it if you are looking for a temporary adjustment.

This phone was for my daughter, who had very specific things she wanted in a phone and I wanted it at an affordable price. We both found what we were looking for in this phone. It also worked with our phone plan and arrived on time.

I bought this phone for $54 and it's an unbelievable price for this smart phone.  Sure iPhones and Samsung Galaxies might have a lot more bells and whistles and are better overall,  but this is a great find for the money. I can do much of what I normally do on my higher priced Galaxy.  I was just using this as a temporary replacement phone, but I might keep it for longer than I'd planned.  Great value.

With Nokia's downloadable maps, you can use it as a GPS. Pop in a memory card and load up your music, you have great little music player. Download some games and you have a portable game console.Need a phone to tide you over when you break your expensive high end phone? This will do nicely without hurting your contract.

Very simple to use after I set it up for my father in law.  My wife had given him her Blackberry, but it was too much for him to keep up with.  He didn't need a smart phone, because 'everyone else' has one.  All apps are still on the phone, but they don't show up on the main screen as clutter because my father in law doesn't use that stuff or doesn't know how to use that stuff.  Did not activate as a GoPhone, but cut the AT&T; SIM to fit in this.  He gets a new phone for probably less than a contract phone AND he isn't on contract.  I picked this because the battery can be replaced, I could add a microSD card and Win8 on a phone works pretty well (even though I hate it on the desktop).I could organize and resize the tiles (icons/visual buttons) on the phone to keep it simple.  Screen is slightly better in sunlight than my iPhone 4.  No noticable difference in colour (FYI, I'm not colour blind) compared to my iPhone.  Resolution, at the distance we look at the phone, shows no difference either.  Cover over the battery is a little cheap/flimsy, so I'm glad I picked up a case to protect it.  Put a 32 GB microSD card in it so he has plenty of space for video and photos.Wifi worked fine with no problem.  Turned off the data and trimmed his SIM card so AT&T; doesn't automatically charge (fine) him for having a smart phone.  He can text and make calls, which is all he wanted in the first place.  When he wants the wifi set up for home use, I'll do that.  Prefer my iPhone GUI for music, but it's really personal taste.  Music and videos play just as good on this.Touch screen has a film protector over it and still works without issue.

The NOKIA 520 is a great phone for a beginner smart phone. simple to use and handy to have. I bought it for my work it is my first smart phone and haven't had any problems learning it.

Overall this a great phone. It works perfectly on the straight talk sim card program. I gave it 4 stars bc no flash, no front camera, and Windows is still lacking some popular apps. It is a pretty smooth running phone and windows phone 8 os is very simple yet still a great os. The phone takes really good pics, great service in my area(I get 4G every where). Overall a very good phone for the price  range. I am now a nokia phone lover and starting to  love  the windows Os.

Does everything I want it to do and more flawlessly. Great Phone. Get one for yourself and you wont be dissapointed.

If you made the mistake of purchasing this phone thinking to use it overseas, or on TMobile over here, and just discovered it is &#34;locked&#34; to AT&T; (even though you own it and thought &#34;no contract&#34; meant &#34;unlocked&#34;), there are still a lot of useful things to do with, apart from fuming:1. Out of the box, insert battery, power it up, and go to Settings.2. Set &#34;Airplane Mode&#34;.3. Power off, remove battery, insert the provided GoPhone SIM.- The SIM is essential for downloading Nokia Here Maps, which are GREAT.4. Go to Settings, turn on WiFi mode. Don't turn off Airplane Mode! Leave it the way you set it in step 2.- Airplane Mode keeps the phone from searching for a cellular carrier and forcing you to activate the phone.5. There are some advantages to having a Microsoft Outlook free email account. Go to outlook &#60;dot&#62; com and get a free account if you don't already have one.6. Go to Settings and add some Accounts:- Microsoft (your new or existing Outlook account).- Nokia (for free and purchased apps from the Store).- Google, FaceBook, Yahoo! Mail, Twitter, LinkedIn, IBM Notes Traveler, and generic POP and IMAP accounts are your other choices.7. While in Settings use the &#34;left arrow&#34; a permanent below-the-screen left arrow to move back to the main Settings menu and set Brightness to High with no automatic control. This works best except in dim settings like on an airplane with lights out, where I use Low for Kindle reading.8. On the same first page of Settings, scroll down to Phone Update and check for system updates. You should already have the &#34;Black&#34; update set, 8.1 will come out in a couple of months. Check about once a week.9. Apps will update too, a number will appear on the Live Tile for Store. Sometimes important updates like FaceBook are announced but the Store won't auto update right away - you can force an update by searching for that app, then clicking on it, and clicking manually on the update bar that appears.10. Download these apps (my favorites, YMMV):- WhatsApp, Line, Viber. Or your favorite message/free phone call solution.- Most of these require an active phone number to work. If you use your other phone's number, that will erase your account on that other phone, when you use the text supplied PIN to activate on the Lumia 520. That might change someday, but for now linkage to phone numbers is a limitation.- Skype. Works REALLY well on the Lumia 520.- Kindle. Works so-so. I read a couple of books inflight so it isn't screen sharpness that is the problem. The problem is a little Amazon software funkiness that occasionally cuts off a line or two of text between pages. To fix, rotate from book orientation to landscape to read your text then rotate back. The rotation seems to fix the problem.- Facebook. Fine for consumption, not so fine for editing your posts or comments. Much improved over last year.- Facebook MESSENGER. Yes, it is a separate app, and more and more people use it, is a good substitutes for WhatsApp, Line, Viber, and Facebook doesn't care how many devices you have it on. A mature product on Lumia 520. Be sure to pay attention to the little delta wing that rats out your location - default is on, so you WILL be tracked by friends and frenemies. Well tracked when you answer a message.11. From the home screen - press the Home soft button on the bottom of the screen - flick the screen to the left to see the list of apps, all the apps, and open HERE Maps.- Choose your state and download your map.- Going to Dublin? etc? download that map. The maps don't take up a lot of space.- Yes, GPS works without cellular service, so long as you downloaded the map. Remember, the maps won't download if you didn't put your SIM card in (you can remove it later, but why bother?).12. Some good exercise apps that work well with the LOUD speaker on this tiny phone:- 7 Minute Scientific.- Tabatas.13. For music:- Because it has the necessary licenses from MicroSoft, 64gb and even 128gb micro SD's fit and work fine. I use a 64gb to hold almost all my music.- It will play current iTunes tracks fine (everything except the early DRM digital rights management copy protected tunes), mp3. it will not play Ogg Vorbis.- The player is called Music & Videos and comes stock; until updates, it might appear as Nokia Music or as xBox, Nokia Mix Radio is a separate app which provides free streaming music from Nokia. Very cool!REMEMBER, all this is WITHOUT cellular phone service!You have a camera, music player, GPS unit, e-reader, and minimalist web browser, all in a $60 or so package! And the option of using it to back up your AT&T; and AT&T; driven phone service, if you need it.SHORTCOMINGS:1. Due to the 512mb memory limitation, app switching is painfully slow. NOT unusably slow, but by modern standards PITA slow.2. A few games and rare apps won't run in a 512mb footprint. Before you go ballistic on this memory limitation, keep in mind the iPad 2 and original Mini are both 512mb. Like Apple, though, MicroSoft uses compiled code for its apps - more efficient - than Android, which &#34;compiles code&#34; on the fly via an interpreter - hence Android needs faster processors and more RAM (but in current editions and with modern hardware, Android is plenty fast).3. This is DVD resolution, not HD. It is 800x480, not one of the higher resolutions. The type looks crisp, not pixelated, but you don't get as much information per screen on websites or Kindle, and the screen - for resolution AND quality reasons - isn't good for serious video watching.4. No front camera. This is a BIGGIE for many selfie fans. On the rear, no FLASH but the camera DOES autofocus. I don't like flash, I prefer natural light even if the picture goes grainy etc. so I'm ok with this.UNEXPECTED SURPRISE:1. The battery life is absolutely incredible, with cellular radio turned off via the Airplane Mode switch.2. Nokia continues to roll out major software updates for this amazing little helper - even Win Phone 8.1 is coming to the 520, which means being able to run apps from the uSD card and, finally, being able to set ringer and music volumes separately (saves ears, that).So I've found plenty of uses for my Lumia 520, even if it isn't good for travel or TMob. I wish it were unlocked, and would have paid more for an unlocked one from Nokia (if they sold unlocked phones direct, like Google and Motorola and Apple do), but my buyer's mistake hasn't turned into buyer's remorse.You will be blown away by the design, looks, and quality of this little bargain.

i have the nokia 520 windows phone and i must say that i am never getting rid of it...i love the layout, the gps, the music, a lil different from the android system, but its so worth the 70.00. My boyfriend and got ours from the AT&T store for 100.00 each and my 15 yr old daughter fell in love with our phone and wanted one for Christmas, well amazon had it 30.00 less. Also, our bill is about 60.00 a month for unlimited talk, text and 2gb of internet which is a lot, b/c if you are on wi-fi than you dont have to use your internet plan. I never use 2gb and I have downloaded, streamed, etc but i also have wi-fi in my home so thats a plus. anyway, i highly recommend this 4g phone, its really nice, smooth, and just fun...

I think its cheap and easy to use, but the gophone package is at least $25,Can I use an 3G sim card in it so that I can use the minute rate ($0.1 per minute)?

Not bad, the main issue is the small amount of space, it doesn't really have 8gb. Another problem is it restarts itself sometimes. To sum it up, I would still recommend this phone for a first time smart phone user or someone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money for a phone.

My brother and I got this phone for our mom.  She has never had a smartphone, but was interested in e-mail and facebook, things she doesn't currently use in her personal life.  We tried another phone, which had a pull out qwerty keyboard.  She hated the phone, not user friendly at all, so we really wanted to get her something much more easy and intuitive to use.  This phone fit the bill. We were able to take all the tiles off the home screen that she'll never use and make the ones on the home screen bigger and easier for her to tap.  So far, she'es learned how to make calls, get voice mails and text.  Next is facebook and e-mail, all of which we set up for her and now she just has to use.  Very exciting for her. She's happy, we are happy.

pro:excellent price for a smart phone, much better phone than I expectedCon: letters too close for typing, difficulty to end calls, screen sensitivity difficult to adjust.

great phone, features are great, camera is crystal clear. i highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a sleek easy to use phone

She has dropped this phone so many times,  it comes apart but never breaks!  Maybe that's the secret.....Iphones don't come apart therefore, they break

Not good having some issues

In these days when a basic phone can cost upwards of $200, I find the Nokia Lumia 520 an exceptional value! I've had the phone for only three weeks but it has clearly demonstrated its value-for-money.The phone is a communication, productivity and entertainment tool. It meets my expectations.The phone audio is feature filled. It executes the basic function of making and receiving phone calls efficiently and reliably. The audio is also crystal clear.The OneNote feature on the phone allows me to capture my thoughts which I often do.The audio and video recording functions of the phone make it possible to capture meeting notes or other events of interest.I'm over the top pleased with the ability to download documents, annotate PDFs and produce documents on the phone.I like the one-touch title feature that allows one touch access to often-used features.The phone has navigation functions that do not require to be online.The phone comes with a cloud feature which while useful I don't use because of privacy concerns.The expandable memory capacity allows storing of many resources on the phone.With its light weight, the phone is a great option for leaving my heavy laptop at home when I travel.I highly recommend the phone to anyone looking for an inexpensive, reliable phone.I rated the product four stars because I've only had it for three weeks but it could easily be rated five stars. I look forward to many good future confirming experiences with the Nokia Lumia 520.

There is a reason this is one of the fastest selling smartphones.  Very well done product by Nokia.Only complaint is low memory and no front facing camera.Don't forget, people were posting selfies long before front facing cameras--you stood in front of a mirror and took your picture! :)

Hi, I bought the NOKIA 520 go phone as a replacement for my zune music player basically.  My trusty zune music player finally died, I was considering buying an IPOD TOUCH, they are nice but also close to 400 bucks.  I use ITUNES and the Windows Phone syncher to get podcasts and music on the nokia 520.  This works great!.  I heard that to activate this as a phone on ATT (on a regular "non-GO phone account") you are required to add a data plan.  I dont know if thats true or not, I'l stop at the ATT store one day and find out for myself.  So what I do is carry my no frills cell phone AND the nokia 520 with me wherever I go.  My wife has an apple Iphone with data plan, so if we are out and about and need to access the internet we just use hers.  So I cant really justify to myself the additional 30.00 per month for a data plan (for my own usage).  Another neat use for the nokia 520 is to use it as a wifi device at home or while you are out and about (wifi is more and more prevalent in places like Starbucks, Mc Donalds, Sams Club etc.) App selection is not  as varied as Android or Apple devices, but its getting there.  The phone has a built in web browser that works great.  Another nice feature is the ability to search bing using spoken search terms (like SIRI on apple iphone and the google search feature on android).Out of the box, the 8GB of built in memory goes quick, so I bought a 64 GB microSD memory card, now I can store tons of music and podcasts on the NOKIA 520!battery life is average, if you use the onboard gps, it seems like battery life is used up much quicker.  but smartphones nowadays all have batteries that are used up fairly quickly because of the many features smartphones have.Thanks for reading my review.

this is simple and amazing phone it was very easy for me to put my at&t card in and load my mintues i liked this very much and how easy it was very nice product

I really like the phone, however, has anyone else had a problem with the phone shutting off.  I have had the phone about 1 week.  Two days ago the phone would just shut off when idle.  Sometimes I press the button and it comes back on, other times I have to take the battery off and put back in then it goes on.  Otherwise a great phone

I bought this cell as a back up phone and I end it up using as my cell excellent cell.

I have the best service and reception.  It is fairly easy to navigate once you get used to where everything is.  It has so many functions, that I don't even know if I use all of them.  The battery lasts for quite a while and it has a battery life saver option.  I have nothing bad to say about it.  I am completely satisfied.

Bought this phone in December after a hype on them during black friday.To me it is a great budget smart phone. The map and GPS are awesome and free.I took this phone to a trip in Vietnam in February and the GPS took me every where in this country after I downloaded the map. Took me up in central Vietnam even closer to Lao.The only thing I didn't like was that it only came with 8GB, and at the time of usage, Windows didn't allow me to push the maps files onto microSD. That was a drag!The pictures from the phone camera also have very good quality based on such low megapixel specs of the camera.Overall, Nokia did a great job when they focus on GPS for this phone.  I love it.

This nokis lumia 520 is really awesome. I am from India and my friend is having his own mobile shop. He asked me to order this and he promised me to unlock this into a GSM. The original price of lumia 520 in India is around 175$. It took me around 78$ from amazon including shipping and tax. I spent 35$ extra to unlock this. Now I have a 4g supported mobile with me with around 70$ less than Indian market price.  Between there is no 4g in my placeat the moment. And its super cool to access it. But tgere are no manuals or headphones included. No worries though ;)

I replaced this phone with a contract nokia which retails for $400 (Nokia Black) and honestly can say their performance is comparable. You can't beat having a fully functional smart phone for fifty bucks. Sure, you don't have a forward facing camera and the processor is a bit slower but overall functionality with smooth transition's are still there.Seriously, buy this phone, don't go and give $15 bucks a month to AT&T; for two years for something marginally better.

I guess I just can't shake android apps. MS apps are, well, disappointing. Really MS, you and Google need to work something out.Simple things like adding a pic to a contact is ridiculously tedious. However, if you're new to smart phones or just don't like the enormous amount of apps available for android, you might love this phone.If you like Google apps, calendar, voice, etc...buy an android phone. I guess I will try to give this to my kid and buy the new Nexus 4. Twice the price, but unfortunately I need my Google apps.

you can't beat the price .nice backup phone.long battery life.you don't have to use ATT to activate the Phone .it will work with Walmart Straight Talk .just be sure to choose the right SIM(The one it works on ATT network)

Purchased this phone for my daughters, who have a prepaid plan.  They love the phone!  If you are looking for a reasonably priced phone for a prepaid plan this phone is a great option.

I bought this phone after my iPhone 5 broke. My contract didn't allow for an upgrade for another year, so I decided to buy a go phone. I stumbled upon this phone on amazon (as Im sure most of you did). I was quite impressed with its performance initially. After two or three months here is what I have to say about it:If you are buying this phone for the purpose of just using it as a short term replacement (from your lost or broken &#34;nice&#34; smartphone), then you found the right product.HOWEVER BEWARE: I would not recommend buying this phone if you need a reliable phone for longer than a two or three month period. Like many users have stated the hardware isn't the most durable and your main operating buttons for the phone WILL eventually FAIL. My home screen button stopped work after a week; but, this was fine to me because everything else operated seamlessly.. that is until today, one of my volume buttons stopped working. This makes it impossible for me to control my volume. And even under settings the operating system does not allow you to scroll up or down for sound. So basically I can't play music anymore through bluetooth, can't hear any alerts, or even turn up my alarm. This is a great backup or temporary phone but the quality of the hardware build is not top notch and that should be taken into consideration.P.S. the App store sucks(terrible apps besides Netflix and Spotify), and sure its no galaxy S4 or iPhone5, but for the price, it functions as a great temporary backup phone until your contract allows for a cheap upgrade on your actual smartphone.Summary: As your normal everyday cellphone you plan to use for two years = 2 Stars **As a temporary or replacement phone = 4 to 5 Stars ****

You can't do better for the price.Bought it thinking of a inexpensive way to temporarily replace an iPhone, but loved the Windows Phone experience. Not going back to Apple.

this was about the least intuitive phone that I've ever used, but I won't dwell on that. I bought it thinking that I could set up a true pay as you go plan, but that wasn't the case - ATT requires a monthly data plan with minutes. Sure no contract, but I already have an iphone with no contract.

I like all lumia phone. It is very thin and looks nice. I don't know whether 520's screen is different with 820. But the color is so bright and I even consider wether this phone is really a brand new one. By the way, it packed so tight that I took a lot of effort to open it.

I needed an additional Ipod like device and found the Nokia 520 on sale, bought it, searched twitter for info/experiences on it the next morning and saw it went on crazy sale, canceled original and bought for $20 less. So because I have so little invested into it compared to my old Ipod touch I think it's great for most my purposes.Plus side: decent GPS navigation (pretty up to date POI) but touchy when searching for exact names (H-E-B not HEB; that sort of thing), has micro SD slot for Music/Photos so you get as much of the 8GB to put on apps, pictures look pretty good considering no flash (nice multi shot modes in the Nokia software that allows you to choose a shot to keep).Weird side: I don't get the Windows app store's vendors-seems like they are all guys that are creating site launchers (walmart for example) so Windows phones don't seem very supported by the normal vendors (won't have your local banks app), the vertical tiles orientation is annoying (find my self moving apps around to group them in bundles of similar apps on the long scroll down page like going back to some sort of &#34;links I like&#34; list from 1997, can't use as a wifi adapter for a PC at home that doesn't have wifi, The cloud backup doesn't give me much confidence (be nice if there was a Nokia suite for back ups, personalizing, organizing apps etc for a wide range of operating systems).Since all I wanted was the GPS, expandable memory for music, and some web browsing its great for the price. If I was going to have to deal with the Nokia 520 as a smartphone I was more attached to I'd go with a cheap used Android to get more common apps and wifi tethering. Maybe if you have windows 8 on a computer to sync with it's a better experience.

Good camera quality, light weight, good speaker phone quality. Only bad thing is that it takes some time to get used to the interface, but once you get used to it it's all good. For this price I'm extremely satisfied.

This is a great phone for a budget price. Of course it's missing a few bells and whistles (forward-facing camera, LED flash)--but you have to give up something if you want such a low-cost phone. The Windows operating system works well; its design is uncluttered and pleasing. Call quality is great. The touch screen is very responsive. HERE maps are awesome--if you download the maps you can use them offline, so you can navigate as much as you need without drawing on a data plan! Great if you want to use a pay-as-you-go plan to save money.

My 5 star rating applies to the Nokia Lumia 521, which is virtually the same phone.Potential customers should be aware that this same phone is available as the Lumia T-Mobile 521, which is also for sale at Amazon.com. It is an excellent phone - all of it's good points have been summarized in other reviewers comments.However, T-Mobile offers a $30.00 prepaid plan that gives the user unlimited texting and data (1st 5 GB at 4G non LTE), and 100 minutes for talking. I don't think that the AT&T; prepaid plan offers anything close to that. Yes, the 521 costs $20.00 or so more, but you can make that up in the first month.Also, looking at AT&T;'s website, I do not see any mention on Wi-Fi calling, which T-Mobile includes on the phone. This comes in handy in areas where the cellular service is weak, especially in the owner's home. You still pay for the calls, but the quality of the service is far better.Potential buyers should also check with AT&T; to see if the phone has been updated with the latest GDR-2 update, and if not, whether they plan to release the update, and when. T-Mobile has already released the update for the Lumia 521.Just a few facts that potential buyers should be aware of before buying.

I got this phone because I wanted to download a few educational programs or videos a month using my home Wi-Fi instead of getting a cell plan with Wi-Fi & it works great for that. (I actually have had texting & internet purposely blocked on my cell plan).  I wish the micro SD card wasn't so hard to get to, but you have the plug in connection to the computer to transfer, so that works instead. I also am not used to a phone that doesn't charge completely shut down since when I charge them they are left plugged in overnight past the full charge.  So far I've had no problems with that situation. It is a simple phone to use with almost too many paths to get to the same place in all cases. I cut my old SIM card down to a micro & that has worked fine so I have the same $30 cell plan as I had in 1996.

it works great out of the box. Really easy to setup the phone. I think it is a best window phone for younger Teens. I recommend to anyone who likes windows.

I got this for my husband he loves it, very fast switching from screen to screen. It's a great phone.

so far its been an issue as its locked and get get it un-locked. My fault for not investigating further

If I had know this phone was lock I would of but it and is one of the worse thing I every buy , but I dont blame myself Amazon was playing  the ass the package was big big couseing  me plenty money.next time say lock or unlock would of help.

Just what I needed!  I highly recommend the Nokia Lumina 520 Go Phone.I am so pleased with the sound and performance of this phone.The Nokia Lumina 520 phone has so many features and is easy to use.Also I am paying so much less for my service plan with the Go Phone with AT&T.;Very Pleased!

My sons both have this phone and they love it!! You can't beat the price. The only down fall is no front facing camera. So way to take an Easy selfie. Haha. Would so buy this phone again

It may not be as slick as iPhones, and offer fewer apps available all around than android or iPhones. With its functionality, price and no contract required, this is the smart phone you would want to get, speaking just purely of value.  That said, I would say you will also find a lot of love to how Windows phones operate, if you are adaptive enough, and not buying to the religious debate.

Granted its not a Porsche but you have to remember that this is not the top of the line nokia and what would you expect for a$40-60 range phone? Its like comparing an iphone 4 to the iphone 5s in terms of speed.  The top of the line nokia are way faster I would assume.  the last time I checked, the chevy corvette is way faster than my chevy cobalt.  They both have 4 wheels, an engine, windows, doors, etc.I've had a galaxy s4 (which at times can be sluggish), iphone 4, wife has the iphone 5 and I've been using the lumia 520 basically as a tablet/mp3/video player just to play around.  the best part is the gps feature. I originally got it BF sale for $40 instead of buying a gps and it works great.  I get the latest map updates without having to pay tomtom or garmin (yes they &#34;sell lifetime map updates&#34; but if you read the fine print only as long as the product is continued to be supported - so in theory they can stop support any day).  All this without even activating the phone to pay for a data plan.I am debating about going from the iphone 4 to the lumia but may wait till the iphone 6 to see what any new things come up.there is one major flaw with the windows phone compared to iphone/android and this is the app store, but we all know that is a major issue.  but if apps are not your thing, then for $40-60 (depending) its not a bad deal and not a bad phone, minus the front facing camera.

I purchased this phone to switch over from an android phone that was giving me plenty of problems and think that for the price it is a damn good phone,it did take me a little getting used too but i actually prefer this to android phones.I have had no problems with the phone or with the service since i bought it and i think that anyone who wants a good phone without all the bells and whistles should take this phone into consideration..I must however mention some negatives: 1-The Camera on this phone is only 5mp (this is enough for me but others may prefer a beefier camera) 2-Battery life could be better & 3-The windows store does not offer as many apps as the Google play store...Despite these 3 small gripes if you can call them that i absolutely love my windows phone.

I requested a phone that was unlock which is not what I got, when I contacted AT&T to have it on lock I am told the phone does not meet eligibility. What am I to do with a lock phone. This is false advertisement.

This is the worst item that bought ever, if you are outside the states it does not work. I bought this item for nothing thanks for nothing

hello. I would like to know that happened to my phone ah who ah eh manager and not even reached my mailbox in miami

I just received my phone today.  It didn't take as long to get as I thought, about a week.  I love it so far.  Keep in mind if your last phones SIM card is older you cant just take it out and put it in the new phone the card is to large.  I had to have the new phones card activated.  Its not that big of a deal, but it is a little bit of a hassle.  Just don't throw the new card out.  This phone is well worth the price.

I was excited to try a windows phone since I am already familiar with android and apple products. It was definitely different, took some getting used to. The operating system itself isn't terrible, but I'm not a fan. There aren't as many apps like the other operating systems, n some of the "apps" are just a link to the webpage so I uninstalled and just pinned the link so it was less space used on the phone. My complaints about the phone first off the side unlock button stopped working like maybe a month after I got it (if that). So since I have to either hold down the camera button n back out of it or plug in the phone just to wake it up, very annoying. Another thing is that the whole auto focus on the camera sucks I've had a handful of people try and take a photo and they can't because it comes out blurry.  Also my phone did not come with a micro sd card, probably one of my first phones that didn't include at least a 1g. I wanted to give it one star but I have to give it 2 because it's pretty good at not dropping calls. Gets service everywhere regular AT&T; costumes get. Also as a testament to how bad this phone is my husband lost his phone and I suggested buying one of these as a temp replacement and he looked at me like I had 3 heads n said "that hunk of junk, no thank you!"Oh and I can't believe I almost forgot, lately my phone as been shutting off randomly, sometimes it turns right back on and sometimes I have to plug it in to turn it on (because the lock button doubles as the power button). Also for a couple months the phone will randomly go black and I have to wait until it locks itself so I can then unlock it so the screen turns back on.Also I purchased this phone in mid October 2013 and it's given me that many problems in less than 4 months!

For the use that I wanted. It is all the phone presently that I need. The cost is very affordable too.

Quite satisfactory. We are happy. Can access internet, e.mail, without any problem. Easy to use. We have yet to use many other things like GPS in it.

Nokia Lumia 520 GoPhone is superb for an inexpensive phone on the go. And easy to operate when using the window apps.

Love the look .  It seems easy enough to use .  Im not a frequent mobile user but wanted the ability to access web  while out and about and this seems to work fine

its ok. i like some of the specs and then i dont like others. the app store isnt as good as an android but the way you can edit the home page and themes and such is awesome

When i was going to buy this phone i got many comments from my friends go to i phone or android. But compared to the price this phone has all features i need except front camera.but still it's manageable for considerable time. :)

I would be careful when considering to purchase this phone.  I brought the phone on August 2 and by Aug 16 the phone was no longer functioning properly.  The power button on the side stopped working completely.  Be wary especially if your not with ATT and the phone needs to be repaired.  You will have to send it to Nokia and they do not offer replacement phones.

It comes with a SIM card ready to activate. I'm not currently using it a phone, but more like an iPod touch. I have GPS with offline maps, music player, internet device, etc. For $50 it is a great little device that I enjoyed getting into the Windows Phone ecosystem with. With no required contract, I highly recommend it

IF I HAD RECEIVED IT WITH THE REST OF THE ORDER I PAID FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Amazon Customer Service SUCKS!!!!! i got hung up on 3 times before I got someone to try and help find the 2 phones that were already paid for and then my account was frozen and&#34;under review&#34;!!!!!! That means your complaint is being BLOWN OFF!!!!!!!!!  And now a week later,,,,,,,, NO CALLS, NO LETTERS, and, thats right, NO DAMN PHONES!!!!!!!!!!!!!

She really like this phone. Easy to use and since its an GoPhone, there is no pressure if she misplace it. affordable monthly payments is the added bounes for me.

I will be fair and preface this by saying I'm typically a devout Samsung and/or Droid Market user; however, when I dropped my latest LG phone (shattering the screen), the Nokia Lumia was an inexpensive and suitable solution. The seller shipped the phone very quickly which was fantastic! Even though I had a micro SIM, I was able to put it in place well enough for it to work which is another plus. I actually like the &#34;tile&#34; idea and that it continuously updates my e-mails, messages, weather (etc) so I don't miss anything. Also, the GPS is just as good as any other phone I've had (maybe even better in some cases.) I also like that I don't have to call my voicemail because the name/date/time is listed along with the ability to play back the message like a regular audio recording. What are the downs? The biggest issue I have is that some of the free apps available on other markets (Words with Friends for example) aren't available or you have to pay for them. The graphics and qualities of the apps are pretty basic, too. All in all, I will eventually get a more upgraded phone, but I've got to give credit where it's due, and this phone will always remain my backup in a pinch.

I got this for someone with an old android phone. It was a new phone unlocked for less then $100. My logic was windows phone 8 was better than android 2.3 gingerbread. It worked as expected with minimal setup and a sim card swap.

Only complaint is quick battery discharge rate.

Bought my Lumia 520 Windows phone from Tiger Direct for $85. Loved it! The sound is clear; touch screen is responsive; Windows 8 is stable; apps are smooth; battery life is OK. I didn't experience random crash as some reviewers experienced.But compared to iPhone and Samsung Galaxy phones, this phone sure has some problems.1. The icon buttons sometimes are confusing.2. Starting up is slow.3. The cover is easy to fall off.But given the price, I think I got more than I paid for.

My nokia lumia 520 go phone seem so awesome from the pictures so I bought it . I couldn't enjoy it until I got my SIM card cut so I thought until I put the SIM card in and it asked me to put an unlock code in. I love this phone but I can't enjoy it.  I need help can someone help me get this phone unlock.

I have been using this phone for almost 6 months now and took my time to write the review. It has well surpassed my expectations and its performance is outstanding when you take into account its price. I was using an iPhone 4s prior to this and although I miss the apps of the iPhone, (apps on windows are still few and far between )the essential apps are starting to be available. A couple of areas that I must call out where I found this superior to the iPhone are the texting -once you start a conversation the auto prompt is incredibly good and I can frequently complete my sentences without having to type anything more than the first word! The maps too are excellent as is the driving map assist. I dont play games on my phone so there is not a lot that I miss there but it does not have compass sensor so one cannot download a compass app on this.Other apps too may not work as well as on the iPhone. For instance dictionary.com app installs but doesnt seem to work. Hopefully microsoft will lead the charge in getting some apps out there that will make the windows phone an even better experience.

Not good compatibility with instagram. Some nice perks with Windows, but android and ops are better

very slow device. if i want o open viber then it takes forever and it starts all over and does resuming. the camera has very bad resolution

ok

This phone was meant as a replacement phone. Does not tell you it takes a micro-sim card and we had to travel 150 miles to have it activated at an AT&T store as no one could do it online. Cannot save contacts to sim or put the card into the old phone. Have to wait until I go back to town. Regret not returning it!

wish it had more applications like android or iPhone does, and like the Windows 8 PCs and laptops do. Nice

I guess i dont need to give much input about this product. Ordered it for my mom and she is so happy with this phone. Simple design and Good smart phone for starter.

I've been a loyal android user for a few years now.  After breaking my second screen in a year, and the battery on my backup Iphone 3GS dying, it was time for something new.  This phone fit the bill, budget pricing with great features.  I like the customizable features of the Windows 8 platform.  There are things I miss about my Android phone like being able to automate certain functions I use every day. And the the app choices are not nearly to the level of android, but I have my tablet for that anyway.The battery life is amazing if you aren't using the data functions on the phone extensively.  It's still not awful when using as an MP3 player or sending some texts.  Using the bluetooth and streaming music will eat it's lunch though.  I think it's about the right size and if I drop it and need a replacement it won't set me back $700.  It works out of the box and has some nice features I wouldn't normally expect in this price point.

A Good buy but no software updates  from Nokia or Microsoft.Battery is excellent and comes with the usual shortcomings of the windows platform. But works with Consumer Cellular ( with data ofcourse )It does have a very small application offerings and microsoft looks a infant in the mobile app market. Nokias own map and transit are a gem though.In short .. works and happy for not paying Verizon its 85$ monthly dues with 1X  speds only in place of 4GLTE

I get the phone in perfect condition, but not released to VENEZUELA only be used for AT & T

Its decent I would buy it again the product arrived on time worked well has a feel of a priceier dmsrt phone

I got the phone in a Go Phone package and with it to join my AT&T; Mobile Share Plan.  Works great.The only short come is no front camera.  This make Skype video chat a little less fun.Overall, a great product, cheap price, good quality.  You cannot ask more.

too sleepy to write a long review but this phone was well worth the money and I'm surprised at how nice the windows 8 os operates on mobile devices.

I had problems with this phone a week after getting it. Luckily Amazon took it back so I could buy a Radiant for about the same money. What a difference.

Unlocked

While it's a good phone, there are some issues with the touch screen.  It will sometimes become unresponsive, especially during games...and apps will crash for virtually no reason.  Especially games (Castlevania: Encore of the Night/Plants vs. Zombies).

Paired with a Surface RT and my Desktop the is a awesome communication and productivity tool.The Price is great and it is just as good as the SG3 I had, with a better camera.

This a great phone for the price and I would definitely recommend it to anyone. However, a word of warning. I put the micro SIM card in following the directions, but couldn't find what my phone number was. I searched the web and found that if I went into settings-phone-about, the phone number should show up on the SIM card, but it didn't. I reread the directions for setting up the phone and I had done everything I was told to-and still no phone number. I even watched a youtube video on setting up the phone and no mention about finding the phone number.  So I went to the AT&T site and looked up the Go Phone and found out that I needed to activate the SIM card on the AT&T site. There was nothing in the set up directions stating that you need to activate the SIM card. I am sure that there are others out there like me that need to be walked through set up. But, it would help if they gave you all the directions so you can actually use the phone! Now that it is up and running, I couldn't be happier. Like I said at the beginning, this is a great smart phone for the money and I am pleased with it-it's easy to use and has many features I've seen on more expensive phones.

its ok compared to coming from an iphone. i got this phone to test out how the lumias work and i plan on using my upgrade now to get the newer lumia 1020. phones great for price absolutely cant beat it.

Wow! Had boughten this to test out living with a Windows Phone for a month, that was about six months ago now and I'm still carrying this alongside my iPhone 5s. This phone is great for kids, those on a budget, and as a replacement for a broken phone in the middle of your contract. Don't let the price scare you away, this is one of the best, low-priced phones on the market. Highly impressed, and excited to see what the new 8.1 operating system has to offer for this handset.

Even it's a low price but performance is pretty good.windows 8 phone and LTE ready!!lightweight and easy use ofr pre-paid

great phone we live in rural ny out in the middle of nowhere and it gets great service and happy i bought it!

This is my first smartphone.  It is very user friendly.  Webpages load super fast.  Calls are clear and I love being able to see how many texts/emails I have at all times on the home screen.  Great Wi-Fi reception.  Being an AT&T customer, I had to take it to an actual store because it has a micro-sim card and my old phone had a regular sim.  They moved all my contacts and gave me a new sim for free. So, overall the phone is a great value if you want a simple, easy-to-use smart phone.

It sucks not what we wanted at all. The worst thing I ever bout in all really unhappy with it

So I've used almost every phone OS currently out (except the newest blackberry 10) and was stuck using an old Palm Pixi Plus on AT&T; as my nexus 4 phone screen cracked due to LG's poor manufacturing standards/quality. I figured I would either go back to an iphone, try another android device, or take my chances with windows phone 8. I have to say, initial opinion was fairly high. Nokia mostly makes a good quality phone. But as the days and weeks went on too many problems reared their ugly head. First things first:1. THE REAR BATTERY COVER- I currently have an incipio case covering my phone. Whenever the phone is in my pocket (by itself to avoid nicks and scratches) the back over separates and needs to be re-snapped together. This happens literally every time I walk around and the phone gets a little jostled. Very annoying!2. LACK OF APPS/POORLY CODED APPS- This has been addressed before, but seriously! I thought that Palm's app store was barren! Well microsoft does have more apps, but less that you'd actually want to bother downloading. There is just too much garbage in the store, and that's saying a lot coming from android! Not to mention, some apps you download can cause the phone to freeze, or worse yet, crash and reboot when launched. Where's the quality control?3. NO NATIVE YOUTUBE SUPPORT- This kinda falls in with the lack of apps above, but deserves it's own section because of how big and persistent youtube is. Granted, microsoft and google ARE working together to make something happen, but as of me writing this review, nothing yet. Unfortunately your only option is to watch youtube through a clunky mobile site through the web browser. Not acceptable for ANY smartphone in 2013!4. RANDOM FREEZES/SLOW TO OPEN PROGRAMS- This probably has a lot to do with the lack of RAM this phone has (512MB vs the usual 1GB and up). But seriously, I've used low end android devices (not including the nexus 4) and many iphones (from iphone 4 on back) that had 512MB of ram OR LESS and never had the clunky slowness that this phone has. Hell, my back up Palm pixi only has 256MB ram and a 600mhz single core processor and responds faster than this phone half the time.It has to be Poor optimization, as it is running a dual core processor, that shouldn't be a problem, but it is.5. UNRELIABLE BLUETOOTH/WIFI- This could be due to me keeping the phone in power saver mode alot, but I constantly lose connection to wifi(and I've tried using it at AT&T; hotspots, libraries, my home network, and friends home networks and it's always the same). It connects just fine but constantly kicks off after anywhere from 3 to 15 minutes after connecting. The bluetooth function also has trouble staying connected to a bluetooth speaker I have. Very spotty reliability.6. ISSUES WITH THE SD CARD- I have a decent sized music collection that I keep stored on a fast CLASS 6 8GB Micro SD card. There are about 2300 songs that I compressed down to 64kbps mono mp3 (cd quality mono to conserve space) so most files are 1-3MB depending on the length of the song. The integrated Xbox music app is basically unusable. Constant freezes and some of the slowest reaction times I've seen anywhere. It literally takes anywhere from 3 to 10 seconds to change a track. The built in Nokia music app is slightly better, but still chugs along slower than it should. This card was new and formatted by the phone and works flawlessly in my windows 7 desktop, but this phone takes forever to read off of it. I can only imagine that the uncompressed 8-12MB original files would take minutes to load up. There has to be some issue somewhere because I've never had similar issues with android phones that support additional SD storage like this.7. NO APP MANAGEMENT- This I will never understand. Every phone I have ever used has some way to easily close multiple apps, not so with windows phone 8. When you hold down the back arrow key all open windows/applications pop up so you can easily scan through what is open and logically you think you would be able to close apps from this screen but you can't. Microsoft actually expects you to mash the back key from the homescreen and "back through" every open app to close them. This is THE WORST implementation of app management that I have ever seen! Silly!So, those are the glaring issues. I will give credit to Nokia (besides the rear battery cover) that the phone is generally excellent in quality at this price point. The preinstalled nokia apps are probably the best apps available for this phone. I've really been enjoying nokia music plus and here maps/drive. The only thing that holds this phone back is the buggy, beta feeling windows phone 8. It's not like this is a brand new OS either. It's been out a few years and should be more polished than this. Before I get the pro-microsoft goon squad on me, please know that I am a microsoft fan... to a point. I own a 360, windows 7 desktop and laptop, hell, I still have my Zune HD and an old windows ce based phone floating around here somewhere! This is just not a good product. I like windows phone 8 better than the windows 8 OS because I feel that of all places, windows 8 and it's derivatives work best on touch screen devices like phones and tablets, but they have a long way to go before they can think of competing with google or apple. So realistically, can you find a better NEW phone for less than $100? Probably not (I've looked pretty extensively) but this phone is better as a second device or emergency phone until microsoft gets it's act together and actually improves it's mobile operating system. It's not nokia's fault this phone fails where it does, the hardware is generally very good, the OS, not so much...

I had problems fitting my sim card into the slot. I know it works with att service, but you have to cut the sim card to size to get it to fit. Problem is that when you are done with the phone the sim card will not fit into other phones. I also did not like that there was no real way to delete the history or anything downloaded. The phone would have to be plugged to computer so that you can open it up and delete that way. The phone did not work for me, but it might work for others.

Phone sucks. Calls lost, don't shut off, and looses charge.......beware

Mostly a question really, can this phone be activated on the Verizon network? I love windows phones, they are the easiest to learn. So these phones will be great for the smartphone challenged people.

For less than $100.00 to pay for a windows 8 cell phone, there is no better quality product for the money.  It has so many applications & very quick.  I am enjoying my new phone.

For what it is, it does the job very well. For only paying 60$ it may lack a great camera, high screen resolution and isn't even 4G but  was a good way to check out the Windows operating system. I enjoyed the Windows interface and it worked quite well on this phone.

First I would like to say that what I like about this phone is the Window 8 operating system. This phones does just about everything that I want it to. From social media to taking pictures to email .It's look good and not to big and it not to small.Also I like the various hard cover colors that you can buy. I think it a great phone. I don't have any major complaints. In addition to all of those who brought the phone in the past they have added Instagram app so you can now download that app.Thanks  Nokia for designing a great phone with many features and apps as well.I given it a 5 stars.

i like that it has win 8.  i wish it had a front camera.  nice phone.

I love this phone. Works great and fun to customize.I am not big on games and other apps but **Do NOT get this phone if you like Apps**Windows does not have as many apps/games to choose from.This phone is durable and works very good

The primary reason that I have purchased several GoPhone's in the past is the existence of packages that are designed for people who use their phones very infrequently. For example, with other GoPhone's you can buy a plan for as little as $10 that will give you 100 minutes with 30 day expiration or a $25 package with 250 minutes with 90 days before expiration. The &#34;best&#34; plan with this phone for a light user is $25 for 250 minutes and ONE month expiration. Effectively, that is 3X the cost for the infrequent user compared to GoPhone plans available on other phones. If your use of cell phones is similar to my own, you will want to get a 3G smart phone that has the more flexible plans available. I paid $100 for a 3G Android GoPhone one year ago and it has worked well for me with expenditures of $100 per year for usage ($25 per 3 months x 4).

I had been curious about the latest Windows phones. I am looking to move from the Android world as Google's latest version of Android is both more invasive (in terms of privacy) and really a step towards the mediocrity that often happens when management changes in the technology group responsible for the device. In this case, the stellar vision of Andy Rubin has been replaced by the more middle of the road corporate manager who shipped Chrome OS to the world. That's started to show in Android and thus, it is time to look at alternatives.As this phone was offered on a pre-holiday discount, I decided to take a risk and try it as opposed to joining the Apple side of the force.I was extremely disappointed. I found the tile based interface somewhat too constricting. Due to the unwanted AT&T; supplied crapware (one of these days carriers will realize that their business is to provide connectivity/bandwidth and leave apps and app-based services to those who know what they are doing), I wound up going through the settings to customize the phone. While there were some that were useful, some were just missing and thus I could not eliminate things I had no need for or no desire to pay the battery/bandwidth freight for.In the end, I simply powered off the phone and put it back in its packaging. There was absolutely nothing in the software that was in any way compelling at all. On top of that, the app store was a bit thin in terms of functionality. The final bit of missing functionality was tethering - always present in Android phones and an option for Apple phones. Without tethering, you really can use a phone if you have any other mobile devices you travel with that would benefit from WAN access.The 1 star is for the physical design: good form factor and fits in your hand well. Not so good on the buttons and battery though.Microsoft needs to pay more attention to users and less to carriers. I can see that they are trying to woo the carriers with all sorts of opportunity to add software from the carrier and brand it appropriately. The problem is, no one wants that software.I might have had a different experience if I'd received and unlocked Windows 8 device with pure Windows 8 on it (i.e like Android on a Nexus device from Google, or any iPhone with iOS).So, misses not just by miles but by parsecs.

THE phone is locker, plug in the SIM card can not be used in my country&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;can you give me the unlock code&#65311;

Here is my review of the Nokia Lumia 520This is a Windows Phone(my first) and I have to say I am quite enjoying it.The Dedicated camera button is something I was wishing for on my previous Android phone and it came with a 5 megapixel camera. The only thing I feel it is lacking in the camera department is flash, but for less than $100 I'm not going to complain.The Windows Phone OS has taken a bit of getting used to after moving from Android however after a few days I was comfortable with it. One thing I was worried about was available quality apps. I am happy to say that I have found it to be very well supplied. I  am not a phone power user that is always trying new apps for this or that but every time i have wanted something I have been able to find it and in some cases it was already on the phone.I have found one thing I don't like about the OS and that is the lack of customization out of the box. I feel it is a bit lacking but hopefully that will be improved with future versions.Overall I am quite happy with this phone especially for the price.

This phone is the god of low end smartphones on GSM.

I received it in no time it was fast except I bout the case from amazon but when I tried to snap it on it dosent stay it pops back off and that made me depress hoping ing would fit yet the 520 hard case didn't fit my 520 phone...

Love this phone, quick response, clean looking OS, I'm super happy with my purchase, I overcome my expectations for the price I pay. Get this phone you will not regret it.

This phone is AMAZING.  I absolutely love it, i have used Iphones, Androids... but this is my first Windows phone and i prefer it over the Iphone, and most of the androids I've used (around its price).There isnt as many apps as Android or iOS, but there still is alot of apps *(EVEN Junowallet!!!)*  I'm really enjoying this phone, can't wait to see what new apps will come to it in the future!The camera is pretty good as well, make sure to use the &#34;Smart shoot&#34; app (pre-installed) for the best quality picture (ill post a picture taken from that app)The phone doesnt have as customization as iphones and androids, but its still at only version 8.1, I'm sure more customizing features will be available around 8.5.  Basically all you can do is change the background COLOR (black or white) and changes the colors of tiles. there are some apps to improve the customization, but not by much. (you of course can move the tiles around)I'm using a $25/month plan that give 250 minutes, unlimited texting, unlimited picture/video texting, and 1 per 5 KB DATA. (I use Wifi for my DATA)*  Junowallet is a app to get free giftcards available on ALL devices, if you join it please use the invite code &#34;RT591660&#34;

I got a Nokia 1520 a while back. My first experience with a Windows Phone. Love it. My wife played with my phone for 5 minutes and said, &#34;I want one when my contract is up&#34;. I found the 520 online for cheap, checked into what it would cost to replace her dumb phone on our plan. My wife is very happy with the phone. It is a great intro to smart phone arena. We both love the Windows environment. There has been one problem with the phone which was easily fixed. The phone would shut down several times a day. I pulled the battery out and bent the contacts on the battery so that they were closer together. There was too much space inbetween the battery contacts to make a sure connection with the contacts on the phone. Problem solved, no more shutting down.

I Love this cell phone.  I is the lightest, and a great phone and it takes great pictures.  Great price also!!!

I am very impressed with this phone's features for the price. It is fast to respond to touch, it has Windows Phone 8, and all the features that go along with that OS, and it's cost is very affordable. I bought this to use as my work phone because what they issued me is junk (olllllddddd blackberry), and am very happy with my purchase. The only bad thing I can say about it is the back cover comes off a little easier than I would care for.

but it works very smoothly.camera...mm..a little disappointing that there is no flash, nevertheless, photo is so-good result.best choice among windows 8 phones under 100 dollar.

We bought this phone for my dad to keep from going back on contract with AT&T and raising our monthly bill. I was very surprised to see a Windows Phone at this price and very pleased. It works perfectly for him and there have been no complaints. I'm very tempted to buy this phone for myself when I get ready to have a new phone, but I'm rather attached to Android apps.

Great Phone, however for those that are used to the pay and go, it is not available with this phone. You pay for a certain amount for the month and go.

worth for the money, had iphone4 for 2 years, samsung S4 for 6 months - and just bought this one last month, some how i like 520 more impressive of other 2. certainly i would suggest this to anyone. for 60 bucks its great.

This is my first smart phone.  It's loaded with features, has a long battery life and has good voice clarity.

This phone leaves much to be desired and I would not recommend it to anybody.Pros:&#8226; The home screen app layout is nice.&#8226; The ability to customize icon layout, size, and color is great.Cons&#8226; The phone is SLOW!&#8226; Keyboard is laggy and often autocorrects basic words to something completely different.&#8226; The web browser is often unresponsive and will jump to random pages.&#8226; You can go 'back' a page but not 'forward'.&#8226; The app market is pitiful containing thousands of low quality apps that you will try and uninstall. It doesn't seem like they monitor it at all.&#8226; Most (nearly all) companies and startups don't support windows phone.If you purchase this phone you will be disappointed.

i really like the windows 8 aspect of this phone. The tiles are cool and colorful.  I found alot of apps, though there should be more popular apps.  The thing I dont like about it is the calendar that comes with it. The print is so small cant read it in the month view, I have been unable to find another app for a calendar that is exactly what I want. i am currently running 3 different appointment calendar apps to see which one I will settle on.  Alot of them will not let u edit or delete an appointment, u have to go into hotmail or google. I would prefer to have a stand alone calendar just for my phone that is easy to read, edit or delete. Other than that the phone is fun to use. battery life is ok, depending on what your doing, I usually charge every other day or if doing alot ofof web surfing or texting will charge nightly. If you want to receive pictures or videos in order to view them you must have data and have it turned on before you open it, I've had to have them sent again after I turned the data on.

It costs as much as a feature phone and is worth so much more!I was looking for an uncomplicated smartphone for my parents who seem to be all satisfied with a feature phone. I wanted to get them something that they can easily catch-up and be as simple as possible. Ofcourse, iPhone will probably fit that requirement better but they wont need that many apps and its too expensive for their type of usage.Before I could recommend this phone to my parents, I decided to get one for myself to try it out. Being a smartphone geek that I am, guess I needed a reason to try another phone anyway :)Here is what I feel about the Lumia 520 and a little bit on the Windows Phone OS itself without going into their detailed technical specs:Fit and finish: It is a well made phone and something that I'd like to hold it in my hands.Touchscreen: I found it to be responsive and didnt miss my touch inputs any time.Ease of use: This comment applies more to the Windows Phone OS rather than this Lumia phone. If you are really looking for a smartphone with a simple operation, this is what it is. There are no multitude of &#34;screens&#34; with apps on all those screens. All apps are on a single page that scrolls vertically. If you dont have hundreds of apps, this is a really good user interface.Availability of apps: Again, a Windows OS related comment: There is no doubt that iphones and android phones have the best availability of apps. Microsoft is catching up and I find that if not the very same app, I have always found other apps that has met my need.Tiles: I like that I can resize the size of the apps and that they can display some information on them even before opening them. I also like this feature so I can resize the tiles in a different way and change how my phone looks! Its like having a different face anytime I feel like it! Its like not getting bored looking at the same looking screen of the phone.Data transfer: While I like the iPhone in many ways, i find it irritating that I have to use iTunes to transfer files from my PC. And, this is where I find this phone very easy to perform data transfers. I prefer to just connect the phone to the USB port, drag and drop any files I want to transfer and be done with it.Cons:* No front facing camera. I have had little use of the front facing camera, but as it is almost a standard on a smartphone these days, this could be classified as a missing feature.* The keypad (virtual keyboard) could be improved. I dont have big fingers but still I end up pressing the near by keys more frequently than my iPhone. I do also like the way the auto-correction works on my iPhone so much better than this one.* Apps and their access rights: (Windows phone OS) I would like to have the option of choosing what type of access (contacts, photos, GPS, etc.) I would like to provide to a specific app myself. May be, then this phone wouldnt be so simple...but this in my opinion is a very needed feature. If I choose not to let an app have GPS access, it wont even install the app on the phone. I think i am comparing this to an iPhone, but I think this feature should be on all smart phones.* Auto-dimming is not perfect: I can clearly observe the auto-dimming coming into effect and sometimes it does it a little brighter or dull. Nothing unusable, but could have been better.Before you get all worked up on the cons, note that these are minor ones and remember this is not a high-end smart phone and you did not pay a whole lot of money to get this one too. I can definitely live with these cons.All in all, I highly recommend this smartphone for the following type of users:* You dont need a high-end smartphone* You dont want to spend a whole lot on a smartphone* You are upgrading from a feature phone and want to take it slowly* You wont be using hundreds of apps* You dont need this phone for video chattingNote: I use an iPhone for regular use and this is my backup phone that always stays in my backpack. I use a phone cover that has kept this phone very safe in my backpack for many months now. You may want to read my other review on the phone cover.

This phone is easy to use. Nokia has a simple feature, I have a Nokia lumia 1520 but i prefer using this because the size is perfect for my hands, not like other smart phone that are hard use.

in love with my phone it works perfectly. No complaints so far, thank you very much. Everything I expected. Great phone...

This is the worst phone i ever owned. Even windows softwares cannot communicate with each other and load way too slow. Not possible to stop music or video and resume playing from the same place, you have to start these always from the beginning again. Backlight is pickingup conditions randomly, many times too dark to see. Has a "bing" bottun which has only function to call up windows bing.comits on a place whereyou would unintentionally press it. This exits everything and calls bing... As said , no way to resume your music, video, etc. No way to kill this button or customize. Overall very low cuatomizability and compability with the web. I am very disappointed.

1. Could Never Activate It.2. Couldn't Even Contact Support From The Phone Itself.3. The 3.5mm Ear-Piece Hole Was Too Large And Would Short Out The Stereo Into Mono And Convert It To One Channel Only.A. Excellent Paper Weight.B. A Very Expensive Battery Alarm Clock.Note 1: I Will Not Buy Another &#34;Nokia&#34; Product.Note 2: I Do-Not Recommend This Product To Anyone.

I had never used a Windows phone before, but it was very easy to use. It's a very good phone for the price, I would definitely recommend.

This is a BEAUTIFULLY built smartphone! Like WOW, it blew my mind when I got it out of the box considering I came from the Huawei Fusion 2 which is only $10 cheaper and is cheap to the touch and smaller. The screen is nice and vibrant, and the fact that you can change the temperature of it is SO cool! The glass will drive you nuts at first, but you'll get over it soon enough. The back cover is rubbery and soft, easily replaceable with another color later on, feels great in your hands. The buttons on the side are pretty weird, but you'll learn to love them. The dedicated camera button is a nice touch, but I find the power button on the middle a bit weird.Flipping it over to automatically silence is is a GENIUS feature!Going from the iPhone 4, to the Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, to the Huawei Fusion 2, to this, I can definitely say that 4" is the sweet spot for my preference in screens.The live tiles are pretty cool too, more useful on here than Android widgets are on a phone. I have the 627.AM on the top and it has my alarm time, the weather conditions, and tasks all in one small space. The apps are so nice on this screen too. I actually find flipping through the menus much faster than wiping to the menu and tapping on what you want. And unlike on Windows, Internet Explorer is great on this. Love the shortcuts I can pin too!The picture quality is WOW too. I took a picture of a tree through a fence (my dad asked me since he was trimming the branches from it), and I was on the other side of the wire fence. Well, the fence was in focus, but then my dad and the tree were blurred. LOVE that! I'd rather have that than a flash any day! Best camera I've used by FAR for just the focus alone. The photo apps on the app marketplace are awesome aswell. Lots of goodies to edit them with.My Jot Pro stylus also works fine with it.Overall I'm very happy with this phone. Syncing it with my Mac is a breeze. Android is a really nice OS, but on low end devices, it's a no go. You'll be happier with this one vs any of the other GoPhone options because it's so much smoother and the bloat is completely removable, just find it in the list, hold and uninstall. Plus, it's at the same price point, but so much better.

I had to get a replacement for my water damaged android so I went with this Nokia. The interface is different than others but very fluid and easy to navigate . The tiles can be rearranged and sized down to meet your needs, and the touchscreen is very responsive. I say for 100 bucks I couldn't have gotten a better replacement.

The GOOD stuff about the Nokia 520:&#8226; Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon S4  -  Dual-core 1Ghz.&#8226; 512 MB ram &#8211; 8GB internal storage.  Micro SD slot (32GB max)&#8226; Screen is bright and clear..  4&#8221; 800x480 IPS with Ambient light sensor&#8226; Ringer volume is LOUD!!!!&#8226; Buttons are easy to access&#8226; Camera is above average for a cell phone at 5MP and takes good video at 720P 30 FPS&#8226; Accepts 32GB Micro SD so you have lots of storage space&#8226; 8GB ram&#8226; Weights just over 4oz.&#8226; Battery life is excellent for a smartphone.&#8226; Well made, solid build (even though it&#8217;s all plastic). Rigid frame.&#8226; Standard Micro USB plug for data and charging. (no &#8220;Special cord&#8221; required)&#8226; WIFI &#8211; great reception&#8226; Bluetooth&#8226; Easy to customize&#8226; Standard 3.5MM audio plug&#8226; Sensors: Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, GPSI keep my WIFI running all the time since I refuse to pay for a data plan and I still get about 2 days of &#8220;normal&#8221; use out of a battery charge.  That compared to my old android phone where I was lucky to get about 6 hours with WIFI running.  I think it&#8217;s great!!!!The not so good stuff about the Nokia 520:&#8226; All plastic construction.&#8226; No metal frame &#8230; So far it has not been an issue.. the phone is rigid with minimal flex or bend.&#8226; No camera flash, no flashlightLikes - Win8 Phone:&#8226; Easy to use&#8226; Security built in.  No extra AV requiredDislikes - Win8 Phone:&#8226; Free Win8 applications are limited.  Pay for are pricy.&#8226; Win8 OS will not you to automatically download pictures in emails.&#8226; Sync with PC can be glitch&#8217;ieThis is one of the best phones I have owned and for the price (under $60) it&#8217;s a steal.A couple of things you should know&#8230;This &#8220;GoPhone&#8221; will take any AT&T; mini SIMM card.  If you happen to have a ATT phone that takes the standard SIMM card, don&#8217;t worry.  Just use the GoPhone SIMM card that comes with the 520 as a template to trim down the larger card.  The &#8220;SIMM&#8221; area on the card is exactly the same mini-SIMM and Standard size SIMM so you just need to trim off the extra plastic.The speaker is very loud with the speaker port uncovered but put your finger over the hole and you can cut the volume down to nothing.  The reason I tell you this is that you need to keep that in mind when you purchase a case or cover.  I found a great cover for the phone here on amazon.. it&#8217;s the Dual Tone Skin Fit Case Cover for Nokia Lumia 520 and it fits great and makes the phone much easier to hold.  I use that in combination with a leather clip case and it works great for me.  I like the leather Cellet cases&#8230;

I already own HTC 8X, my wife has Lumia 925. I got Lumia 520 (ATT) as a backup phone (just in case, if we lose or break our phones), since it was on sale for $59.00 with FREE Incipio case (+ FREE shipping). I didn't expect too much, but I knew that Windows Phone OS will be smooth on the low spec phones. But when I received it and used it for few days, I can only say, "WOW." This is the best entry smartphone - including all entry level Android phones. Now make no mistake, this is not a high end phone. But this is very capable entry phone for all your needs. You can read excellent online reviews for Lumia 520, so let me just mention few excellent qualities of Lumia 520:1. PRICE. As of now, Amazon sellls it for $54.99. That is incredibly cheap. Just to give you a comparison, Sansa Clip+ MP3 Player (8GB) is $49.00 in Amazon. But Lumia 520 does so much more than playing your music. It has Nokia maps, drive+, etc, you can browse the web, email, set calendar for your appointments. You can take pictures, you can call & text. You can read ebooks, you can do MS Office (preloaded), and so much more. So for $54.99, you are getting a mini-computer at your disposal. At this price, it is bargain.2. WINDOWS PHONE OS. If you are used to WP OS, then you already know how smooth, simple, and useful it is. But if you are thinking about WP, then Lumia 520 is an excellent choice (if you don't mind its low spec) for you to try it out since it is so cheap, you will still experience buttery smooth OS that makes your life organized and entertained. Lumia 520 is preloaded with WP 8, but you can easily upgrade it to WP 8.1 and Lumia Black. Sure it is not as fast as high end WP (ie, Lumia 925, HTC 8X, etc), but it is decent. It is smooth. NOTE: If you want to sync with Windows Phone with your contact list, email, calendar, etc.., it is BEST to use Windows Live Mail (FREE email client from Microsoft). It will always sync with your desktop/laptop with your phone.3. FUNCTIONALITY: call is clear, speaker is loud enough, screen (IPS LCD) is bright & clear, but it is finger print magnet (but this is greatly reduced by putting on screen protector - Illumishield product). Memory can be expanded by Micro SD card - where you can store: maps, music, pictures, apps, and documents. Bluetooth (version 4.0) works flawlessly. The screen is responsive even with the gloves on. No front facing camera, but I don't do selfie - so it doesn't matter.In sum, this is the best entry smartphone you can buy. You cannot beat this price with this much quality. I love this phone. you might too. Give it a chance.

O ordered this at best buy for my daughter a week or so ago then saw it on here first for 69 then 39 all the way up to 99 within days. When it dropped back to 59 I ordered myself one. A few hours later the price shot back up to 89. I really do t understand the dramatic fluctuation is prices for this phone. I've never seen it happen with any other product. Bottom line this phone is one of the best ones you can get right now. We use the straight talk service and itworks great and they even now offer the 4g service so that's amazing! Its 3 times as good as the 100 dollar plus phones out there with many more features. So if you are looking for a fast, reliable, fun and sharp new unlocked, smart phone that won't break your bank account. Get this one! Try and wait for it to drop to at least the 59 range which it does. Still baffled by the price fluctuations on this though. FYI if you will be using this on the straight talk network make sure you buy the AT&T; micro SIM card thru straight talk or get it at Walmart for 7 dollars. Once you either switch your number thru that or creat a new one you will need to reset your VPN settings. The instructions are included with the micro SIM card. If you already have a micro SIM card you use thru straight talk you should be able to just use that. Enjoy the phone :)

I liked the touch phone,this is my first touch phone.I like the features and everything.It is a very High- Tech phone,I can watch freemovies, listen to free radio stations and listen to free music.The only thing I don't like is the battery life.I have to charge the phone everyday.

I have owned and used this phone for about 2 hours. I am wowed by how good it is. The build quality and features are comparable to much more expensive devices. The battery is replaceable. The voice quality is excellent. Setting up 8 different email accounts was a snap compared to other cell phones I own.Highly recommended for children, teens who can't take care of their possessions and older adults who are still using a flip phone.Addendum:  2 days later and I am still impressed with this phone.

Third 'smart phone;. Not as easy; no Android/store. Seems to use alot of data quickly (and I'm a pre-paid, so it's not 'unlimited' data).

My first smartphone love it. Glad I waited the price was right. I even got it a day early. If  you are  thinking  of thinking of trying  a smartphone this would be the one.

A great phone, for a great price. Arrived very quickly. Nice to have a phone that is able to connect to the internet. Picture quality is good as well.

Just get the  H2O WIRELESS Micro SIM CARD KIT - works w/ AT&T; & Unlocked Phones  from the Amazon seller "shopforprepaid". Cost for the sim card is under a buck, shipping included. Then get on H2o's website and sign up for the "minute plan" for ten bucks for three months or a hundred bucks for a year, five cents a minute and five cents a text. You pay with a credit card on H2o's website just like other prepaid phones like Tracfone, but don't expect a lot of hand holding at these prices. H2o also has more expensive plans that include data. The plans all operate exclusively on ATT's network- there's no way to tell that you are not on an ATT plan. H2o does not make you take a data plan to make the phone function.I've seen this phone on Amazon for between fifty and seventy bucks over the past week. Wally world also has them for slightly under seventy bucks. Amazon also has theNokia DC-6 Mobile Charger - Original OEMfor cheap.This phone is worth it as a dumb phone alone. But you get a wifi enabled internet browser, a good camera, and a capable gps device thrown in. Nokia has always been tops for plain phone functionality, and the Windows phone OS works great although the app selection is limited. Other reviewers have a lot to say about specific capabilities.

I myself one for Christmas for $59, then 2 more for my wife and son for ten bucks less.The contacts list less than awesome, especially for a Windows product. Camera button is really hard to snap with our silicone-moulded cases. So, this is a heck of a deal on a smartphone, but it's definitely not great. I'd like to be able to compare the top-of-line Nokia Windows, Samsung Android, and I-Phone to really know if they are worth the difference and whether Windows phone are as bad as my friends say. IGNORANCE IS BLISS! I'd highly recommend to people who care more about budget than toys.

The phone is very well made and the screen is very clear.  I bought this as a X-mas present for someone who wanted a cheap handheld gaming device.  This does that and more.  The only negative is the Windows OS.  It's not the OS itself but the apps available.  There are tons and tons of apps that are available on my Android phone that aren't there for the Windows OS and there aren't the free versions of the apps for Windows like there is on Android.

nice phone, i'm 48 and need a phone i can see clearly, tired of tiny screen flip phones, fits nicely in hand and great resolution of screen, scrolls very easy. i'd recommend

In Russia I can't use AT&T. I didn't know that it's locked. What should I do ? Help unlock phone.

this phone was listed under unlocked phphonws. however wheb it came a few days ago it was locked and cost me almost twice the value to unlock it

The phone itself is great. It is responsive and provides all basic functionality and low cost. Best of all it is a smartphone that can replace your fossil phone and catch up with the crowd.However, because it is AT&T; subsidized you would have to use AT&T; SIM card. AT&T; don't provide cheap plans (the cheapest prepaid plan is $25 per month smart phone plan). Also it is hard to unlock this device work with non AT&T; SIM cards.If you are an existing AT&T; customer or your carrier uses AT&T; network (H2O wireless, Net10) you can buy this phone to use with your existing SIM card. Otherwise you are forced to get AT&T; prepaid plans.

great phone at a good price. the features of the phone are very nice. only down fall is that it does not have a front facing camera. battery life is excellent.

Great phone! I have had no problems with this phone. Takes very good pictures & the battery life is great!

I LIKE THE PHONE, EXCEPT THERE ARE THINGS ABOUT IT THAT I DON'T LIKE.  IT'S DIFFICULT TO PULL UP PHONE NUMBERS WITHOUT A LOT OF EFFORT.  BUT, OVERALL, I DO LIKE THE PHONE.

Great phone love it,you will love this phone, great apps also, and its fast, if you are looking for a new phone.

I bought this as a gift. Very inexpensive compared to what AT&T wants if you buy it from them. My daughter like it alot.

It's affordable, but if I had to do it all over again I still would have gotten an iPhone.  It comes down to speed for me and while this things isn't ancient, it's also not the best product around.

Compared to the 1520, this thing is tiny! The screen isn't as sharp as my 920 or 1520, but unlike the cheap android phones, this is amazingly powerful. No screen lag that makes me hate androids, and just as quickly as the previous broken big brothers, it set up my emails, contacts and everything just worked. Did the AT&T update, and it is the latest WP8 updates...also unlike android where phones on the lower end or older phones, never get updated. For sub one hundred dollars, I don't know how Amazon can keep these in stock.

I was looking for a smart phone wit nice design and reasonable price. The camera takes really high-quality picture and the sound is crystal clear. Really nice!

This device is not working in belgium can someone help me, I have a subscription with Mobistar, there was a card in there and it works, but with my card the phone does not work

Navigation is the best part of the phone. Camera is very poor but what yo expect for 85 $ ?

This is a great phone for the price. I really don't know how they do it. This is a pc in your pocket, if you have windows pc this is a must. Only drawback is no front camera or flash but for the price I can understand it. This is an entry level smart phone but there is no way it comes off as one. If you are undecided, try it at an AT&T or Microsoft store and I'm sure you will leave with one.

What a steal deal! I love it, so cheap and affordable!!! Can use it for everything, so neat. Get it

My son wanted a new phone. Couldn't afford a iphone or samsung. So saw this and he absolutely loves it. Such a great phone for the money. Thank you !!!

Great value!  Bought it during the gold box deal or $49.  Couldn't spend it better elsewhere.I have a post paid plan, and I can confirm, AT&T; did not add any data plan or anything to data to my bill.  (That was the biggest concern I had adding this phone to one of my lines, didn't want to pay an additional $15 a month for 500mb which my mom will not use)Couldn't ask for more.  Easy to use, just cut the full sim card to micro sim card size and plugged it right in.  It just works!

i haven't activated the phone yet. that's why i can say if i really like or if i love it, because i haven't talked on the phone yet but i did try the camera and the camcorder and i've to be honest i was kind of disappointed in the quality of the picture and video for 5 megapixel camera wich this phone has. the picture quality looked almost like my old cell phone wich had only 3 megapixel camera. but when comes to screen display it look fine. i can compared to other phones because this is my first smart phone,  so i dont know how other smart phone display looks like.

Absolutely hands-down the best entry-level smartphone you can buy. If you've never used a smartphone, or you need a phone with all the capabilities of a four-or-five-hundred-dollar Android or iPhone without the staggering price tag, this is it. Durable, easy to understand and use, and small enough to fit in your pocket. Exceptional compatibility with Windows computers: just plug it in like a flash drive and move files around like you've already been doing for years. Free lifetime navigation, free MixRadio, and 250,000 apps to choose from make this phone the best buy on Amazon.

nice phone specially for the price... a lot of nice features like the camera and the expandable memory with the slot

For the price which I paid $40 this phone is greatBought it as a gift for my father for hype holiday and he loves itIt's exactly what  he needed an entry level smartphone for the non tech savvy

Recently got off of Verizon for Straight Talk to save some cash.  I have to say that this was a great option to shed $50 off my phone bill and still use a phenomenal phone.  The only thing I miss are my banking apps from Android.  I will soon be changing to the Nexus 4 or 5 and keeping this for a back up.

Goodnight seller.I bought this phone to use in Brazil, since it was a pre-paid plan, I found that it was unlocked. I wonder if I can unlock it even having to pay for it.at,Jos&eacute; AiltonSorry, do not speak English and I'm using google translator.

would tell anyone that wont a new phone to get thies one for it vere good yea yea tell me

Can't get a better deal for the features. With windows phone 8.1 installed it's much better. Used it as a replacement to broken Lumia 920. Most of the features are there, obviously the memory difference limits some apps but in general, the WP features and fluidity is the same as the Lumia 920.

I like it. The however is the only certain features will not work and the apps are very few for a 2012 Windows phone.  Otherwise, I recommend this as a value-cost purchase.

I am an AT&T; customer and i bought this cellphone since the one i got died on me. I put my SIM card in this cellphone and it worked like a charm. I recommend this cellphone. The cost is very cheap, comparing to other cellphones, but it works amazing.Thanks Amazon!

great phone for the money. my daughter has this. her friend baught one after she seen this. they tap phones and share everything

Great beginner smartphone. The only thing I did not like was the music doesn't have gapless playback. The plan I got for this phone was $25 for 3 months at $.10 per minute.

The Lumia 520 is an entry level device into a whole new smartphone experience being windows. The real kicker is of course the price, and I must say it&#8217;s well worth the money. If you&#8217;re a pc user the 520 is a great companion to your Windows 8 or 7 PC, documents, pictures, videos are sent to Microsoft&#8217;s Sky Drive without effort at all and are on your PC almost as soon as you take a picture or save a document. There is no need to sync you PC to your phone to complete this task so the worry with USB cables is all but over. Syncing your music is easy I would suggest picking out a SD card 16GB or larger the Phone supports up to 64GB. Once you have installed your card download the software to your windows 8 PC free from the store or stream it from X Box Music either way is fast and easy. The screen is bright and clear even in sunlight and does work to touch even with gloves on. Call&#8217;s a crisp and very clear both over Bluetooth and the handset. The browser is fluid and opens quickly as expected from a 4G device pinch zoom and scroll work very well. It&#8217;s a smaller Phone very light weight and slim. I find it slick and hard to hold but the device does feel built well and sturdy and slides easily into a pocket. Battery life is just ok I was able to get a normal 10 hour day with ease. Here drive is a standalone GPS navigation app built into Nokia Devices it even works when you have no cell service by downloading maps and storing them on the phone. The app is clear easy to use and so far exact with directions and guidance. Over all it&#8217;s a great phone for the money the windows store is still growing and more apps seem to show up every day. After looking for many months and even thinking of switching back to apple we thought we would give a windows phone a try. Were so glad we did and are looking forward to upgrading to a device along the Nokia line very soon. Not this this phone is bad it is very well priced and works well above the standard of any entry level android or even I phone 4. The phone is smart fast and a joy to use. As always Amazon sent the package on time without any trouble and does sell a line of cases to help make your phone yours.

BOUGHT THE PHONE BECAUSE IT WAS A NOKIA. HAVE HAD 2 NOKIAS AND WAS VERY PLEASED.LOVED THE FEATURES ON THIS ONE  BUT VERY DIFICULT TO OPERATE. BUT THE WORSE THING WAS THE BATTERY DID NOT LAST ALL DAY EVEN WITH NO CALLS IN OR OUT. WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED .

perfect for my daughter. she loves the phone. Nothing compared to my Lumia 920 but for $50 it was a steal.would buy again. Installed 8.1 preview with Cortana (using my account first and then reset with my daughter's account). My son is already asking.

I rated this Nokia Lumia 520 low because after two weeks of using this phone, it started stop receiving and making calls. The phone would reboot itself when I attempt to make a call. When someone called me I would hear the phone ringing but it would not switch for me to answer them. When I called Stingy Nerds the company who amazon used and spoke with Klodya Torosyan VP of operation she would not allow me to return the phone. I will not recommend this phone to any one and if you do decide to purchase it not from Stingy Nerds

I've had this phone for 3 months and it is shutting off by itself and falling apart. Not as sturdy as other droid phones. Get what I paid for.

The 8.1 is a great upgrade. I also like that I can use the GPS without the cellular or data plan.It's a nice device.

i am a fan of windows phone platform. this phone has the basics necessity and a little extra. my only problem with the device is not much base storage. i would recommend getting an SD card. having a flash for the camera would make it perfect. would recommend this to anyone. not just those who can't afford a "full priced" phone, or those staying away from contracts.a major complaint i have with dealing with the phone, is dealing with the windows phone app for desktop(on a windows 7 pc). it's frustrating and stressful.  there is a drag and drop method by using the file explorer.

If you need a phone for texting, internet, email, and facebook (social media apps) the Nokia 520 is more than adequate. Windows phone 8 is fine as long as you not an app-aholic. I purchased this phone to replace a defective Samsung android phone and just put in my current contract sim card (AT&T;) and everything works fine. I will say that there are 2 important limitations. First, there is no flash for the camera. Not really a big deal unless you really dig taking lots of photos with your phone or want to use it as a flash light. The second limitation is with playing music on WP8. It is absolutely stupid how difficult it is to make a playlist on this OS. If you want to make a custom playlist, you basically have to do it by connecting to your pc. Hello Microsoft??? This really needs to get fixed. As far as the hardware goes, the phone seems well made for the money and I have no complaints with Nokia.Bottom line...if you can live without a flash for the camera and the pain in the a** it is to make a music playlist, then this phone is a good value.

Hands down no question you won't find another phone with the build quality, manufacture support, a very powerful and fluid operating system, with an incredible bargain price then the Nokia Lumia 520. At this price a low in Android is buggy and cheaply build compare to the Lumia 520. This phone can be used as an in between phone and at the same time a primary phone.With Windows Phone ever expanding QUALITY app store, the "lack of apps" conversation is a thing of the past.

Ridiculously awesome. Low spec, but feature rich that mid level android, fluid and smooth.No Contract $69, absolutely no Descent android can claim or touch that.

My son loves this phone! He's into gaming and likes that he can use his phone to play on Xbox live . It's so easy to use and set up. Our cell phone walked you thru the process. Love the phone but dislike AT&T plan for it.

I bought this phone and I thought that I can use it for my family plan. But I was told, AT&T; will charge me extra $30. Because their system know, this is a smart phone. Instead of use it as a phone, I use it as a window 8 small computer (did not install the sim card come with). After I install the 32 G micro SD card, I transferred all my pictures and video and .pdf files from my desktop computer. I use it on the wifi at home and at many stores. I can use the off-line map without the GPS.The window 8 Apps are so powerful and many are free too. I even installed a voice activated App to take the group pictures without self timer. I am very please with this Nokia Lumia 520. Watching the U-tube video, the picture is very HQ and the song is loud and clear. I fully recommend anyone either use as a phone or use as a computer.

I purched this item and I love it &#60;3 but it would be better to unlock it because now I live in Georgia and I cant use AT&T. But maybe we can solve this problem easily :)

This phone is amazing at this price point !!! WP8 runs smoothly on the phone, the display is good enough for me. There are a lot a apps in the app store, although not as many as Android's or Apple's..The only downside is the ATT phone doesn't come with other colors. But I'll buy a yellow back cover on ebay..Overall, great phone!

I didn't know what to expect withWindow's phone because I had Android before but I must say I love it!! I would definitely recommend this phone and would buy another one!! So many features,easy to use,and I love the way the phone is laid out. I am really pleased  &#128522;

It has all the functions that a mid level smartphone can do, various apps and much better than an entry level smartphone.

The phone that felt the most natural for me to hold was the Palm Pre 3. Since HP decided not to sell it, I have been looking out for a phone that is not too big and felt natural to hold. This phone comes very close. As for the OS, I know that coming from IOS and Android, the Windows OS takes a little time getting used to, but once you do get used to it, the OS is fun to use. I like the night pictures with this better than with Iphone 4s. This is well built and performs better than expected.  Just please don't expect premium performance for the price you are getting this phone at.

This phone is at such an incredible value it almost seems too good to be true. Well I'm here to tell you it's not. Between the money you save on this compared to other brands of smartphones on the market and by using AT&T;'s gophone service it will seem silly to ever buy a phone through a contract agreement. The call quality is excellent on this phone, and as far as the touchscreen responsiveness I think it is spot on with devices 5x it's price. The autocorrect is a great feature when typing a text but unlike Apple it doesn't just correct you right away it gives you different options that you may select from, allowing you to type quickly and insert words if needed. (Such as if you're typing thank you/thanks/etc)The camera is great, and it has an autofocus and stabilizer, as if you were using a real camera! Once you take a photo there are more options available to edit the photo other than filters, and with the creative studio app you can highlight, erase, or blur the background within seconds. (As if you had a PhotoShop app)I love this phone, and I'm sure you will too, so don't hesitate on this one and be ready to break free of Apple's shackles and enjoy no restrictions or limitations in the process.

I really love this phone. I've had a flip phone, a QWERTY keyboard Blackberry-type phone, and an Android smartphone. This is probably the best of the lot, easily accessible, really good photo and sound quality (both of which the Android lacked, even though it was $50 more).Issues: it breaks very, very easily. I dropped it, in a solid protective case, on the carpeted floor of my dorm room and the screen shattered despite the phone falling back-side-up. Apparently that messed it up pretty badly, because I am unable to &#34;end&#34; phone calls - the screen goes black and doesn't respond when making a phone call.(Which makes angrily hanging up on someone just not possible. My mother is delighted that I can't furiously hang up on her any more. Curse you, Nokia!)Limited accessories - good-quality cases are hard to find, as are screen protectors.The power button has basically fallen off - I know that wasn't due to the fall, as it seems that's a common issue with this phone.I don't have a contract with AT&T; so I'm just going to buy a new type of this phone, get a more expensive case, and find some way to not drop it.

I have no problem with the seller. However there is a problem with the Nokia Lumia 520 design. When trying to remove the back of the phone to install the Sim Card .The problem is where you put your thumb as you push on the back of the cover.This causes the glass face to flex thus crack.Nokia Lumia 520 GoPhone (AT&T;)

Would easily be 5 stars if AT&T; coverage were decent around here, however it's anything but, and this phone is locked to AT&T;'s network. The 521 was not a smart option because reviews of T-Mobile coverage for this region are as abysmal as AT&T;'s. Ask just about anyone around here who their carrier is and they will tell you "Verizon." In fact, in my informal poll of people I see using their smartphones (I ask people once in a while), since I got my Nokia 520 a couple of weeks ago, all of them (8) said "Verizon." I've yet to manage to get a data connection away from my wifi network... I do have it enabled in settings. Calls are sometimes possible, they often get dropped.The coverage issue aside, I love this phone. It's snappy, the screen is beautiful. It's my first smartphone and I don't miss the plethora of apps available on iOS and Android phones, therefore. I'd never buy an iOS phone because they don't support SD cards, pure and simple. Android, I'm told, is unnecessarily complex. The one phone I considered besides this was the Moto G, but it too does not support SD cards, the best option being 16GB internal memory. I already ordered a 32GB Sony class 10 card for my Nokia 520.The offline GPS is a major reason I got this. I've tested that and it's great! Next to me is the dedicated Garmin Nuvi 2595LMT GPS I bought (in its unopened package) which I'm going to return to Costco in a few days.

I have owned flagship phones, prepaid pieces of junk, international phones, flip phones, etc.  This Lumia 520 is by far and away the best deal on a phone I've ever seen.  That's not to say it's the best phone ever, clearly you can spend hundreds more to make that happen.  What this phone did was show that an inexpensive phone needn't be cheap too.  As others have said, if you're on the fence, just purchase this already.  It's a no brainer.  I will note, I did get mine significantly cheaper than the price listed here - the brick and mortar store that makes the OS on this phone was running a demo that knocked off many dollars on any item.  Anyway, onto more of the review.Overall build/design of the phone - The phone is a very basic look which I find better.  It's functional and nothing more, but it isn' also abrasive looking or ugly.  The back is made of that soft touch plastic and I love that stuff.  It provides grip, it doesn't feel 'cheap', and it doesn't scratch/dent easily.  All the physical buttons are on the right side of the phone - which is nice too.  You can grip your phone in your left hand without pushing some volume button or what not.  The buttons are OK to push - the power works best and so does the camera button(which has two stages so you can focus and snap a pic quickly).  The volume rocker is harder to push and push quickly, but you can just hold it to turn volume up/down.  Also note, if you take the back off to pull the battery or SD card or what not, make sure you put the cover back on very well - mine was off by a tad and the camera button didn't engage.  Overall, the phone is built solidly, it's good looking, and everything is laid out well.Screen - This is always hard as you have to physically look at the screen to decide if you like it or not.  I find the panel to be good given the price, size, etc.  The resolution is just fine for a 4'' screen.  Yes, a full 1080p screen is good, but even as a tech guy I thought it was overkill for a phone.  The screen gets bright enough if you set it to high.  You can only set it to low, medium, and high.  Also you can leave it on auto, which I do.  It works well enough and I can always read the screen.  Colors are bright and accurate as far as I can tell.  You can adjust more specific color things in the settings too.  The IPS makes it so you can view it well without having it dead on.  I will say it's  a very glossy screen so reflections do get noticed.  There is some of that dark 'banding' I'll call it at the bottom of the screen.  Many phones, laptops, etc. I have, have had this, so I get over it.The touch screen works very well and while I'm not wearing gloves in the Arizona summer, I did put a cloth over my hand and try it - it worked just as well.  No bad touches or anything amiss with the touch screen.Call quality/data/signal - I'll put these all into the same category as I don't wish to review any specific network.  The calls on this phone work well, they sound OK.  It's a bit fuzzy, as if you're talking on a cell phone (go figure, but I've had much clearer calls on cell phones recently).  Nobody has complained that they can't hear me well.  Data on this sucker is HSPA 21, which is fast enough for me.  I get the typical 2-5mbps down in my area and about 1.5mpbs up.  Things load quickly on the phone, it syncs stuff well, and it doesn't stop my day.  My signal strength is about par for my other Samsung, LG, etc. phones, so it's nothing to write home about, but it's acceptable.  My old motorola phone still holds a great signal where my other phones struggle, so it could be better.Software/OS - I won't be reviewing the Windows phone 8 in depth.  It's a very nice OS, slick, good looking, gets stuff done without getting in your way.  Yes, it has limits.  Sure, the available applications are behind iOS and Android, which is a valid concern.  The store is also confusing compared to the others, so finding stuff isn't as easy, which is odd given most apps are very easy to use.  The included Nokia software is awesome I'll say.  Their version of maps and navigation are very good - hasn't failed me yet and just as good as google maps/nav.  The Nokia music is great - it beats pandora and google music hands down - simply because it's free.  Also, it does work very well.  The included software for the camera is nice - nothing mind-blowing but it's useful and I like it.  I'll talk about the physical camera more.  Mail, messages, phone, etc. are all very easy to use and look nice.  Overall, Microsoft did well with the OS here and partnering with Nokia provided a bit of extra 'oomph' to the mix.  Go to a phone store and tell the sales people to leave you alone and try out a windows phone for a while to see how it works.  That's the only way you'll know regardless of how many reviews you read.Camera - It's a basic camera.  Nokia does well with optics so even though this is 'only' 5mp, it takes decent looking and clear pictures.  It doesn't have a flash, which I don't mind anyway - any cell phone with a flash makes pictures look washed out or if you don't use a flash, it's just dark and grainy.  It takes pictures quickly and as I said about some of the nice software, you can flash 5 pictures quickly to pick your favorite. I don't get why people slam cameras on phones - they work well enough and aren't the main attraction - some phones come with respectable cameras now but you'll pay for it.  If you need that, get one.  Otherwise, buy a good stand-alone camera you can use lenses and such on and enjoy excellent pictures.Overall - I'm impressed with this phone and even more so given the rock-bottom price.  It has some signs of a 'cheap' phone such as you must manually pull your SD card out - no spring loaded ejection (this phone can take an SD card, unlike MANY new Android devices and all iPhones.  The ability to add a lot more storage, cheaply and quickly, is good regardless.)  The screen is a bit glossy, but oh well.  It's a full, honest smartphone that has good specs and works scarily well for the price of an impulse buy.  Purchase this phone and save yourself money upfront with a cheap phone.  Purchase a prepaid plan and save yourself money every month.  Don't ever worry about a 2 year contract again!

Very good phone just as it was describe. Love it

I really like this phone. It took a while to get used to a windows phone, and the Nokia market isn't as cool as the Android, but a lot of the standard apps already on the phone are pretty awesome. I would definitely recommend this phone to replace a more expensive smart phone (since you're not due for a renewal for another YEAR...) And just a heads up, the hard plastic phone cases for this phone, (the ones with a front and back) are also made to fit the 521 which is a centimeter longer, so it will not be a perfect fit and may catch a rook piercing in between the phone and the case... just.. in case you have one... yanno.. be careful.

This phone definitely isn't gonna replace your Iphone 5 or Galaxy S4.  But you know what, if you need a phone that just works.. that's it.Pro's:* Great battery life.  Easily lasts 1 day and can last up to 2 days.* Has Offline Maps and Navigation.  What does that mean??  I don't need internet to navigate to whatever location I want to got to.* Nice bright LCD panel* Decent 5mp camera and does 720p video at about 30fps.* Supports hspa+* Has Office apps* Simple windows 8 phone interface.* Cheap.. as low as $80 when on sale.* Has micro SD card to expand storageCon's:* Lacks many popular apps of today (like candy crush, instagram, youtube... etc)* No LED Flash (but then again.. most led flashes are no good for pictures...)* Screen quality isn't as good as an iphone 5 or S4 (but you're only paying less then 100)* Touch screen sensitivity isn't as good as other phones... kind of hard typing letters (but not impossible)* Browsing sometimes is limited since there is no Firefox or Chrome.. (or Dolphin or Opera)Overall:It's a great phone for the price.  If you're tired of paying $60-70 plans a month just to get the latest and greatest phones.  Then why not ditch having a super phone and just use a simple smartphone..  Get one of these and then use a cheap plan like t-mobile's $30 100 min unlimited texting/data plan.I still prefer using my iphone 4s or my android phones, but I'm currently using this phone and it does what I need it to do.  The user interface for Windows 8 is very easy to use... .very simplistic and very little customizability.  But that's fine.. again.. it's just your simple smartphone.  It can do maybe 75% of what other phones can do...

I love the speed of the operating system and all the applications that came with the phone. I Love My Phone!

This is a great little phone for this price. Windows Phone is excellent. I recommend installing the WP 8.1 Preview as soon as you get it. Battery life is good. Camera is basic. Only warning falls around gaming. With only 512mb of RAM some games (very few) will not be available, but if that's not an issue then I would recommend it.

Didn't think I'd enjoy a Windows 8 phone, but once you get past the awkwardness it isn't terribly bad, and for the price I'm definitely content. The battery life is most notable here, as I only need to charge it up every other day. I've never had a smart phone last beyond 8-10 hours of regular use, so this is a nice, welcomed change.

I bought this phone for my wife and now she say that is the best Smartphone she have had ever, and for a ridiculously cheap price.

Purchased this for my son to have/use while he is riding back and forth to school.This is a really nice smartphone for the price. Obviously you can get a better SmartPhone, but comparable models are more than $200. It's very cool that you don't see slow downs or unresponsiveness that you see in low end Android models (this is probably because of the Windows Phone OS).

This is the coolest phone I have ever owned. Great look and great value for the money spent on it. What is an iphone?

I have changed from an ANDROID to WINDOWS PHONE. The Nokia Lumia 520 preforms very well for the price and is very easy to operate.

I originally bought this to simply be an entertainment device,  I am playing around with it for a couple of months as a phone.  For perspective, my main phone is an iPhone 4S.  I like this phone because:(1) The price for an unlocked phone, even at $99 was excellent(2) I really like the size and the way it fits in my hand.(3) The performance is nice and snappy.(4) I really like Windows Phone.  This was my first experience with this OS, and I found it interesting, with very few frustrations.  Now, I don't have a ton of &#34;got to have&#34; apps, but it had what I needed.This has been so far a superb &#34;gateway drug&#34;.  I am eligible for a new phone, and I am seriously pondering goingupscale with a 1520.  The only reason that may not happen is that I am still grandfathered into an unlimited plan.

Great introduction into the world of smartphones at a good cost.Good for basic smartphone features and provides particular applications that assist in the work place.The app store still lacks many applications and most are still in Beta so there is a lot of updates frequently.**NOTE: This phone does not include the camera on the face of the phone which was kind of a let down but windows provides great photo editing software (assuming your photo turns out clear which is 50-50 chance.)

Great phone for price and even cheaper with AT&T; Pay Per Minute planNow - AT&T; do Not make the Pay per Minute Plan available for this phone however...We were using the 10 Cent per Minute Plan on our Nexus 4- and simply transferred the Micro-Sim into the 520 and voila- we now have the 520 working with this ultra cheap AT&T; PAGO plan(sure we know that 10 Cents per Minute is actually expensive - but if you are like us and hardly use a cell phone - then it is actually dirt cheap - our 90 Day AT&T; Per Minute costs us $ 25.00 per 90 days!)

it was a damaged piece and stopped working.

Where else can you get a decent smart phone without some bs contract for $50 that actually works well. I'd buy another.

Phone seems OK but is difficult to switch on with the protection cover supplied and VERY difficult to open back to access sim and battery

this is awesome!!! BROOOO!!!! nokia is the best best brooooo!!!! a windows 8 phone for $100 isnt bad!!! works fast too!!! broooooo!!!! u brooosss.... should totaly buy this phpnr yo

for around $60 and no contract!!!  Best full function smartphone for this price range.  Much better than most android phone

This has turned out to be a great buy and perfect intro for the kids, and total peace of mind for me.

All around a wonderful phone but the only downfall I have found is that there is no easy way to exit out of an app. You have to keep hitting the back button to get to the main menu which is frustrating. You can get to the main screen by hitting the windows button but your app will still run in the background if you don't keep hitting back

Coming from IPhone and Android, I was pleasantly surprised with this Windows phone.  I ordered it mainly for the price and the size as I find my Galaxy S3 to be a little too big for my liking.  It took a while to adjust to the Windows OS but once I got the hang of it, I really like it. It's very easy to customize.  I find the quality of the phone to be exceptional for its price point. I especially like the sensitivity of the touch screen which works as well as more expensive smartphones.  The camera is ok and comes with a lot of apps to edit your pictures which is fun.  I find most of the Android apps that I use to be better developed, but hopefully Windows will catch up in this area.  All in all, a great starter or replacement smartphone and it is refreshing to see that AT&T is finally offering a good quality smartphone at an affordable price.

This is a great phone. Great features; perfect size; very inexpensive for a great smartphone. The person I bought it for is thrilled.

Very easy to use phone, even if you are not familiar with Windows 8. Although this is sold as a go phone, I replaced my AT&T I-phone with this, with no problems. One of the best features is the customizable screen I see when I first turn it on!

the lumia 520 is surprisingly good for its price.If you want a smart phone that has basic functionality, this is the phone.WP is very stable, and Nokia makes very durable phones. The lack of app is an issue, but the basic functions are there.

Not that much different than an Android phone. Latest firmware update of Nokia Black & Win Phone 3 make this a great phone.Low price and affordable AT&T;, $25 a month, no contract plan make this a winner.

I loved it! it's a great phone... for the orice is excellent... you can whatsapp with it, use facebook, google, play games, listen to music, connect to wi-fi... it's great!

The,phone is great to have for grown ups and kids I always wanted this phone is good please pick it

This phone does way more than I can use.  I went with Consumer Cellular and I do not have the internet connection.  But this phone could do anything you want.  Very impressed.  I am still figuring it all out.

I love this phone so much the only problem I have with it is that for some reason it turns off when I run some applications but other then that its a great phone. I would tell anyone to buy it

I got one to play with because of the special price of 40 dollars.  Coming from the iOS background, I was not expecting much from what is essentially an entry level Windows Phone.  However, after having it for a week, I must admit that I am really really impressed by what Nokia and Microsoft have delivered.  Even though the screen isn't HD, it is actually quite good, the colors are vivid with good contrast.  You do notice a bit of jagging but definitely livable.  What is most impressive is how fluid and quick the touch screen and the system respond.  Something that can't be said for the lower priced Android phones which tend to be quite laggy and not fluid at all.  Although Windows Phone doesn't have a lot of quality apps just yet, the few essential ones like Facebook and Skype are there and work really well.  Even without a working ATT mobile line, calls made using Skype were clear and loud.  All in all, this is a great little phone and shows Windows Phone OS to be really robust and at least for me, much better than Android at the entry price points.

I bought this item from amazon few days ago. The first shipping missed so they sent me a replacement. started using the phone and it reboots itself for weird reason. looked up online, not only me, a LOT of windows phone users are facing the exact same problem. I don't seem to find any solution to it. :(Next Review: I just got my replacement product, this has the SAME issue! and I believe I know what the problem is. it is NOKIA'S manufacturing ERROR. they messed up a WHOLE batch of product and now that they cant dump all those product, they are selling it for such cheap price. the whole batch of nokia lumia 520 is messed up! people say, "too good to be true" well the price is "too less to buy a product of that level"

If you need a smart phone with a browswer, email and just the big names: Facebook, Twitter, etc., this is a great phone and a fantastic price. The screen is nice, the size and shape are fantastic and the price can't be beat.The only drawback for me on Windows Phone is the lack of apps.  If you don't demand a huge amount of apps, this is a great starter smart phone that does email, facebook, twitter, internet browsing along with text & calling. A great place to start!

Not sure why this has so many good reviews? Maybe because its new? The phone is pretty basic. Does not have swype or voice to text. Glad the back button didn't work until i would hit it 2-3 times in a row so i sent it back. Got a Fusion 2 and LOVE IT!

Responsive interface. Battery life still seems poor to me even on super saver mode. Shoots nice pics and video in good light. Indoor/poor light is pretty awful. No zoom with video camera mode.

Getting a phone, a camera, a navigation system, a music player, a location-aware internet browser, and a platform (the latest Windows phone OS, v8) for all kinds of useful apps (typically for free, just as long as you're fine with ignoring ads) in a really beautiful and light black device that easily fits into any of your pockets at this compact price - is really nothing short of amazing!!It's not the fastest device for sure (you will see a second or two load time with almost any app you load) but that is survivable for most earthlings, and just doesn't justify subtracting a star at this price.I don't know if it can be unlocked but to be honest I don't care as I'm not using the cellular services that they want me to use anyway (my primary phone is and will stay my 5S :)

Fast phone, great for texting and super starter touchscreen phone. It lacks in the apps dept., but has most popular apps like vine, Instagram, angry birds, etc.

its sweet because when u text people u can click the microphone on the bottom and u can say what u want to text the person and it will text what u said and the phone when u call some one there is a hold on the side when u call some one and u can put the person on hold and if u want to talk to your friends u can merge calls but when it is ringing it will put the other person on hold and u can merge calls with all your friends if u want

I thought the phone's on-line help tools lacked in only a few areas.  I did find other resources on line that answered most of my questions.  Since I am new at this, I can't compare to other phones but for me it is easy to use.  My husband is still figuring it out.  I do like the way you can easily customize window boxes on front and how easy it was to add pictures.  It was also great that it automatically sinc'd with my facebook for contacts and my e-mail.  It was effortless to use really.  I also think it is fast enough and the voice text messages works really well.  My sister's phone doesn't always get it right but the Nokia seems to everytime and the word suggestions when typing works great too, remembering words I frequently use including the names of people.  It was a great price compared to other phones on the market, a real steal.  There were no problems with condition of packaging from shipment. I would give 5 stars but due to limited knowledge gave it a four.  I've read it may be is a little slow but it is plenty fast for me.

boredom is an ugly thing.a few weeks ago, while bored, i was trolling through amazon looking for an prepaid android phone to play with. the only ones i could find for cheap ran an ancient version, so i wasn&#8217;t really interested. but i did run across a nokia 520 att phone for 50$. this, as it turns out, is currently the most popular windows phone. i decided to give it a shot.so, it arrives. i open the package, and find that not only is it a pay as you go phone, it is an assemble as you go phone. the battery, sim card, and back case all need to be added. i decided that i didn&#8217;t want to deal with the phone part now, so i just installed the battery, and put on the back of the case, and turned it on.sure, it whined to me about the missing sim card, but seemed willing to continue. it booted up, and told me that it needed to finish installing itself. wow. the iPhones i have been getting do something like this too, but this took me back to the last time i installed windows.now the interface during this point is very old school windows. black background, white square outline buttons, but interestingly, no windows, just messages and buttons floating at the top of the screen. it foozles around for a few minutes, and then tells me it needs to finish, and it just sits there.it sits there for 5 minutes. not obviously doing anything. at this point, i assume it is upset because the sim card is missing, and it doesn&#8217;t know what to do. i turn the phone off, open the back, remove the battery, and install the sim card, and put it back together. i turn it on, and the windows phone tile interface appears.now the interface is interesting. you are presented a screen with tiles all over it. there are two sizes of square tiles, small and large, where large is the same space as a square of 4 smalls, and the gaps between the tiles. you can delete tiles, and the interface leaves the space blank, until there is blank space all the way across. when this happens the interface squeezes out the blank row. you can scroll up and down through the tiles. if you can&#8217;t find what you want, you can push the tiles to the left, and get a list of all the applications on the phone, consisting of smaller tiles with a name printed next to them. this list you cannot edit, and includes all the crap that both nokia and att added to the phone.for the first day, the phone behaved oddly. items in the system menu did not seem to work, taking me to a blank screen, and then dumping me back. there was no way to find out various things about the phone, like the IMEI number, or even the option of finding the phone&#8217;s phone number.some of the nokia apps didn&#8217;t work since i didn&#8217;t have a nokia account. the nokia maps app would not work because i was not willing to let it use my current location.the app store needs an email account, and seems biased for a MS Live account. i decided to go ahead and get one, since i didn&#8217;t want to use my other email addresses here anyway. now, Live won&#8217;t give you an email account unless you already have an email account. they maintain it is so that they can email you if the account becomes compromised. i suppose it never occurred to them that i might not have another email account. so, after thrashing around for a bit, i decided to try and create a hotmail account. as it turns out, i guess hotmail accounts don&#8217;t get compromised, since they didn&#8217;t require another email address. i gave the new hotmail account to Live as my second email address, and it was fine with it.amusingly enough, when i entered them into the email application on the phone, it coalesced them into one account. with the Live email address. at first i thought that i had screwed it up, but when i tried to add the hotmail address again, it told me that was already there, even though i don&#8217;t seem to be able to access it.aaaannnnyyyyyway, this allowed me to log into the windows app store. the app store is interesting in that it sort of follows a combination of the tiles interface and the list interface in a confusing jumble. i never figured out how to search the store. i did, however, find minesweeper, the one thing i really miss from windows. since it was free, i purchased it, and it started to download. i also purchased preview copies of one or two other games. they were all downloading.three hours later, they had not finished, not one of them. the system app told me that while the system had take up about 5 gig of the  8 on my phone, the rest was empty.the next morning, still without minesweeper, i played around some more. one thing that was available in the system app was the opportunity to return the phone to factory settings. i gave it a shot. i plugged it in, and hit the reset. when it got to the screen telling me that there was more configuring to, i walked away, and came back about 10 minutes later. it was still right there, with nothing to tell me that it wasn&#8217;t hung, but i just walked away again. an hour later, when i came back, it showed me the tile interface.the system application had about &#8531; more options, including the ones i was interested in. the mail app loaded my two email addresses, and the store app downloaded my three games quickly without issue.clearly, i had f***ed the phone over turning it off to put the sim card in. clearly, that is my fault. i will also compliment the windows team that a broken installation worked as well as it did. i do find fault, however, that an install could fail to complete and not be noticed when it rebooted. clearly, there were substantial pieces missing, and there was no error reporting to the user about it. there was also no feedback that something was happening during the install. if it is going to sit there blankly for 30 seconds, i suppose i can understand that. if it is going to take more than 10 minutes, it should provide some useful feedback.first, the hardware:pluses:the phone feels crisp and fast, and the screen is bright and sharp.the phone vibrates for a fraction of a second to let you know that it read your touch of one of the capacitance buttons on the front.minuses:the resolution is not great (while i did buy a cheap phone, it is also their best seller, and this is the introduction people are going to get).all the real buttons are on one side. the power/wake button is between the volume buttons and the camera shutter button. all are the same shape.no forward facing camera.and second the software:the UI is classic microsoft. interesting where they paid attention (the tile interface), and cluttered and inconsistent where they didn&#8217;t (like the system application). rather than buy into the tile interface completely, they include a listing of the applications on the side just a swipe away. the screen includes a capacitance &#8220;back&#8221; button, which behaves inconsistently, sometimes moving you backwards inside the application, and sometimes backwards through the applications, depending where you start. if you are in email, the button will run you up levels until you reach the top, and then jump you back to the tile interface. if you are in internet explorer, it will just go back through web pages, including pages from previous sessions. there is a button of stacked lines that appears in a lot of applications. unfortunately, it not only means different things between applications, it sometimes means different things inside the same application, depending on where you are. some messages are presented by darkening the screen, and floating some white text near the top, with one of those classic square white outline buttons to press.if this was the way the iPhone looked when it was released, it would have gone nowhere. microsoft has something interesting here, but they need to forget the desktop for a moment and give a raging a***ole with a vision and  an OCD complex the power to fix it and make it consistent and usable.in the end, i bought a 25$ go phone card. by enabling the phone on their web site, and using the phone card, i was able to enable the phone with 250 minutes of talk, and unlimited text, for 25$ per month. no data is included, but i don&#8217;t care. i am under the impression that since it is now set up like that, i can add it to my att account as a feature phone, for 10$ per month, again with no data.i gave it to my middle daughter, since it is everything she wanted: something different from what i had.

So far so good

For me this phone is more like a pendrive so there is no use of it...Hope AT & T starts throwing out some love in the form of unlock codes so that I can convert this pendrive to a phone. lol

I use Windows 8 on one of my three computers and now I have a Phone that has it as well. Windows 8 is an operating system you don't like when you first use it, I have had it for a year now and would not part with it, so I was very happy to get an ATT Cell Phone with that system on it. Works great and was a very economical outlay when I purchased it. Thank you.

This is the best sub $100 phone you can get. It has great battery life, build quality, and is fast enough to do anything you want to do with a smart phone.

For anyone holding out on smartphones due to the high monthly costs, you finally have an option.Previously, in the no contract, value category, you would only see old phones, clearance items, Pantec junk with small screens and qwerty keyboards.  Or a few cheap Droids; loaded with Android versions from 2 years ago that cannot run the new apps.Win8 has been great so far.  No crashes or issues. Data speed has been decent on ATT.  Apps are a bit short, but considering this is built on the worlds largest Ecosystem (Windows), the Apps will come.  Easy synchronizing with home laptop and definitely looking forward to portable xbox games.Bottom line.  For no contract and a great price, this deal is hard to beat.

This is by far the best smartphone for the price NON_CONTRACT. You can't compare $199 contracted Galaxy S4 or iPhone 5 because you are stuck with a contract and must pay or companies come after you. I bought when it was $90 but at $100 it still can't be beat.  You can't get an iPhone for $100 bucks and Android phones at this price range just plain suck.  This baby is a dual core processor with 512mb of ram and it runs smooth. Windows phone might not have as many apps as android and iOS but it has quality apps that would satisfy most user (Pandora, Mobile office, Angry birds, Cut the rope, Netflix, Youtube, Hulu etc.) 97% of the apps on the other stores you would never use anyways.Best part I think is Nokia Here maps. Better than google maps as you can download maps for just about any country in the world with turn by turn navigation. Offline mode is available without the need for data which is a very big plus for me.IPS screen has very vivid colors although the resolution is not as high as most high end phones.  Not like you can tell the difference on small screens.  Screen is 4 inches and I think that is the right size.  I have big hands or above average hand size and when I hold it with one hand my thumb can comfortably touch every part of the screen.  The Galaxy S4 is about 4.8 inches I think and the Galaxy S3 is slighty smaller than that and my thumb can't touch the full screen without stretching.Camera is a 5MP snapper with autofocus and such.  Basic camera and there are neat apps like PANORAMA, PHOTOBEAMER AND CREATIVE SUITE to edit your photos on the spot.  Really nice that I don't have to go to the computer to edit them.  Video is shot at 720p while most higher phones shoot at 1080p but its not like most people can tell the difference since both are HD.This phone will work for AT&T; MVNOS like H2o wireless, Red Pocket, Airvoice etc.  I am using it with H2o wireless without unlocking.  If you unlock then you can also use t mobile.I use this as my main phone and its great value.

ProsWonderful email clientWhite on black UI, easy to read in sun or at bedtime.Voice clarity.Consno front cam (obvious !)

I love the phone and it is fast and it is like windows 8 fast. I love it too. It is a good buy

Found that it did more than I had expected. The Wi Fi works very well. I do have to charge it every night.

First off, I love Windows Phone. I admit it. I bought this phone as a back up to my lumia 920. Having had to recently send my 920 in to be fixed (dust under the front camera), I find myself using this phone every day, and I absolutely don't mind! There are features from my 920 that I miss, but otherwise the 520 is more than up to the task at hand. Also, this phone takes pretty good pictures, considering it has no LED flash. Low light pics come out pretty decent too!This phone is locked to the AT&T; network, which means you can use it on an pre-paid service that uses AT&T;'s network, such as GoPhone, AIO Wireless, Red Pocket Mobile, H20, Consumer Cellular, Straight Talk/Net10, and others. I also managed to get an unlock code for this phone and have successfully used it on T-mobile as well.If you are looking for a cheap smartphone, then this is the phone for you. No frills, decent build quality, and the Windows Phone experience for less than $100.

We had a basic GoPhone that died and needed a replacement. When we set the phone up it asked for a calling plan as expected. 250 minutes for $25 a month minimum. But if you talk to AT&T it can be set up with no monthly plan just like our old &#34;dumb&#34; phone. 1000 minutes for $100. NO MONTHLY FEE. But on top of that for $66 a year we are replacing out home land line. We have WiFi and the phone will connect to any WiFi. Add Skype and you have a cordless home phone replacement. Load the Skype app and get a Skype Number for $5 a month or a on time payment of $30 a year. Add Skype unlimited calling for $2.99 a month and for under $66 a year we have a home phone. SOUND QUALITY IS SO GOOD PEOPLE THINK I AM ON A LAND LINE, NOT SKYPE. When we are away from WiFi it is &#34;dumb&#34; GoPhone on AT&T network for phone and texting. When at home on WiFi it is a smart phone that can surf the internet, download email and watch Netflix and call anywhere in the US unlimited. No minute charges over Skype. They even provide voice mail so no one even knows it is not a land line.

product received in her sealed without alteration of the same package, just a detail screen, a line appears in the middle of the screen, and finally I could not get the release of the phone in Venezuela what makes me hard porder use. default screen and know if this defect increase in time to achieve cover the screen or the screen came to harm because of this. I am looking for information that achieves oruientarme on the problem of the screen. thanks

I got this phone for my parents and couldn't be happier with its feature set. It does everything an iphone and android phone can do and the app store seems to be growing to be on par with apple and googles. The UI is more user friendly then the other os's in my opinion and perfect for my parents. It even has an sd card expansion that my $600 doesn't even have!+++Build qualitybattery lifeeasy of useScreensd card expansion---camera pictures are washed out a bit

For the price of this phone I was very pleased with it.  It is a great value and I commend Nokia for making suchan nice affordable Windows phone.  It does all I need and has great features.  I would recommend to buy.  FYI I purchasedthis phone and went with Straight Talk, I purchased another Sim card from Straight talk and programed it through Straight Talk.  It was a little tricky but found what I needed to do googling it.  But it was worth it.It is a much cheaper plan than what AT&T; has to offer.  Great value if you want to save money and have a great Windows phone.

WP is a piece of CRAP. It even cant import sim card contacts, cant customize incoming call ringtone, cant do this, cant do that. WAKE UP! grandma microsoft!

This is my first smart phone.  I am still learning how to use the phone.  Still have not been able to connect to the internet with it which is disappointing.  Keep getting an error message.  But for the most part I am very happy with it.

This phone is OK.  It does what you need.  After a few months of this being my car backup phone, the battery seems to fall out even when the back battery cover is on -- almost a manufacturing defect which is not apparent until several months after you start using the phone regularly.

It's not like I'm the source to come to when you have a question about a good smart-phone but I really like my Nokia Lumia 520. It's my first after my daughter bought a high end Nokia Lumia and I got to see it's features. I decided that I wasn't about to spend what she did for hers and found this little gem. Some other relatives and friends have much more expensive phones and have more problems with them then I'd ever care to have. I wanted a phone that would simply connect me to everyone via call or text message and possibly to the world around me and this phone does just that. Lots of free apps, lots of games that are pertinent to me and an easy way to keep track of my usage. Simply dial *3282# and you have your data usage anytime you want it. Only thing about this phone that's a negative to me is that the camera is lacking. No flash and I'm, probably like the rest of you a photo nut!  A lot of lighting fixes that though. It's a pre-paid phone so you have to bring it to your nearest AT&T outlet to have it set up but they do a good job. It gets 4 stars from me only because of the camera and that's probably not fair because I own good cameras. Oh yeah, one more thing, not a lot of space. You have to delete some apps to make room for more important ones.

I used this phone only one time and it stops working now.Please replace it with new phone as after  power on only AT & T screens comes and it stops here only.Nothing works after that.Please replace it and let me know what can i do to get it replaced.Thanks,Vikash

We recently entered the &#34;data&#34; age with the cell phones.  We are a family of four.  We all have them and do not have any complaints.  I am very pleased with the way my windows phone works with my home and work computer.  I literally have everything at my fingertips now.  And for $60, you really cannot go wrong.  We have an ATT plan and the store transfered and moved us over to the new phones with no activation fees.  So these are not only Go Phones.  The only drawback might be is that the windows apps are just now catching up with the android and Itunes.  But not a big deal with us.  I would highly recommend this phone, especially for the cost of the phone.  I can only imagine what the most current Lumia phones will do for you.  :)

Works perfectly with Straight Talk!I like it so much I ordered another one. I will order a third one in a few weeks to cover my family.

I have been using this Windows Phone for 4 months and I am still in awe of how well it performs for less than $60.  Other than the lack of flash and front-facing camera, I can check my email, use voice to call my contacts, read my Kindle books while in the office bathroom, it has a perfectly functional GPS navigator, I can change the language so I can chat with my Brazilian and Mexican contacts, deposit my checks to Bank of America, it's light and small; I have even watched a couple of Netflix movies.  It syncs wonderfully to my Google calendar.  I just love this thing.  When it dies in a year or two I will probably get the 920 so I get a flash and front--facing camera so I can video chat with Skype.

For the price tag of 69.99, this is very much worth the price. As a Smart Phone user, I am not one of those people who spends every waking second on my Smart Phone. I use it when I need to check something, the occasional car ride, reading and email. Occasionally I'll play games but I lack the time for that. I probably use 1 GB of internet a month max.If you constantly are on your phone, this may not be the phone for you. It does not have the same APPs that Apple and Android possess, but if you just use your phone for social media, web surfing, and phone calls than this works fine.The speaker is very loud. So if you want to listen to Pandora, Fit Radio or Nokia Music, it's pretty good.GPS is free and does not use web.I got a case and it looks pretty cool.Windows 8 is not so bad on a mobile device. It's manageable as you can move the home screen around the way you want it.The memory is small but you can input an SD card to increase the memory.For the price of 69.99 and having all the apps that I need, I give it 5 stars

I purchased this phone for my mother who uses prepaid services. I already own a lumia 920 so I am familiar with the ease of use with the windows phone operating system and knew this phone would be a perfect fit for my mother. I loaded her up with the GoPhone 40 dollar a month plan since she already has wifi and doesn't need a lot of data. she has been non stop texting and playing games on it since she received it. For the money you can not beat this phone and AT&T's great coverage.

Great  value and really fun phone at this price! Thank you making this obtainable at such a great price. What a deal.

Its a really good phone. just not at all what i expected. If you are going to buy this make sure you like Windows Products

This phone is for my friend's mom. She only uses it for calling and IM. So I cannot really say too much about it. But so far it seems working fine. But what I really don't like about the phone is the screen is sticky. Very different touch feeling compared to iphone and note 3.

the appliance must be of good quality, however, was expensive due to taxes, and came locked, so he's useless for use in Brazil.

It is so simple to use even my non-English speaking grandmother learned how to use it within a week. Looks very durable and for under $100 why not!! I set it up so she cou

Its a cool enough phone has Microsoft office witch is really why I wanted it but after a week the button to put it in sleep mode broke so know I just use the camera button

I bought this phone mainly to have a backup phone (in case some problem would occur with my Lumia 1020) and ended up using it as my primary mp3 player (connected by bluetooth to my BH-940 headset). Since you can put a 64gb sdcard in this phone, it can hold a LOT of music and in my opinion, this phone does a much better job and offers much more feature and possibilities than an iPod.Battery last for days, bluetooth works like a charm, my music experience has greatly improve and it preserve battery and space on my 1020 for those huge photos! all of this at only 50$

The smartphone was sold blocked to me, a Brazilian resident. The smartphone american SIM carrier does not work here on Brazil.

ive never written a review but i thought this one deserved it. my galaxy s2 bit the dust so i needed a new phone. this one is very good for the price. if youre expecting a top of the line phone you'd be mistaken to get this one. this is a basic smart phone and does it very well. its perfect for me because i dont think i even used those extra features with the gs2. the only thing i really want from a smart phone is internet browsing, netflix, youtube, a camera, adequate mp3 player functionality, and fb access. it handles all this very well and the os is very smooth. it only has 512 mb of ram but still works very well. sure when you open some apps it takes a couple seconds sometimes  but everything is still very fluid. also ive read that the 512 mb of ram limits or prevents some apps from being used, but all the ones i wanted are accessible. theres no flash for the camera but still takes decent photos with adequate lighting and can record 720 video. if you are expecting budget functionality you will be warmly pleased as it does this exceptionally well. also some people dont care but to me its a big deal this phone comes with a ton of ringtones, a bunch of nokia ones too and it reminds me of my first phone which was a nokia circa 2003. they have the best ringtones lol. thanks for reading!

Bought the first one from Target and it worked great. The screen cracked so I ordered one from Amazon. It does not work near as good. It's slow and doesn't connect to several apps! Very disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Great windows feature on the phone. Recommended personal or business use. Apps more amazing and can extend more memory with micro sd.

My wife simply connected it once to her cars audio speakers, disconnected it and then she couldn't hear any sound from her phone. When somebody calls her, the caller can hear her, but she can't hear a thing. No mp3 can be played on the phone, no youtube, no audio at all. I can hear everything when using a speaker, but this is terrible. I need help. Where can I send it for warranty? How much would i pay?

More phone then I need. It's taking me a while to learn how to do things with this phone, but it's definately a great phone.

I really like it, as I am a great grandmother, yet able to keep up with the younger generation... I do not need a monthly &#34;plan&#34;, so pay as you go is fine for me..I love the Aps. and it is easy to use.

First off I want to say that I'm not giving it 5 stars because it's not a &#34;blow-me-away&#34; type of product. I start at 3 as a base-line. Secondly I want to disclose that I was never a full-blown smartphone user. I text a little, listen to music a lot and make a few calls and if I need to use the internet I just go someplace there's Wi-fi. Therefore, according to America's cellphone providers and manufacturers, I don't deserve much of a mobile phone in the first place. And that's mostly fine with me.My first GoPhone was a keyboard Pantech that had a microSD slot for MP3s. One Christmas though I inherited an iPhone 3GS on its last legs and I was somewhat converted. I resolved to get an actual smartphone once it finally met its maker, however AT&T;'s GoPhone selection almost always consisted of grocery store flip phones and AT&T-rebranded-Chinese; Android knockoffs. Eventually they rotated the Lumia 520 and Samsung Galaxy &#34;Express&#34; into the lineup - and I took the 520 because I could afford $100 (August 2013 price) rather than the Galaxy's $250.Pros:-Slick design. Not too long to get adjusted to Windows Phone's button scheme from iOS.-This thing has survived more than a few nasty battery-ejecting drops including on concrete with the screen intact!-Easy to use and intuitive interface, Metro is all it's cracked up to be on Windows Phone.-I like the contact manager, especially when it comes to linking e-mail contacts with phone and social network ones given all the nicknames people use on Twitter, Facebook, etc. I probably use the e-mail client more than I use the one on my PC.Cons I Can Excuse Because It's A Baseline Phone:-This phone can get SLOW when you have enough apps running, plus the 8GB is already 1/4 used with &#34;system files&#34; which may or may not include the usual bloatware after updates. Be sure to clear out &#34;temporary&#34; files every now and then, and store your music and photos on a microSD card instead.-Not that many apps for it, because it's obviously not iOS or Android. The ones I do find tend to be stripped-down versions, no wonder some of them aren't even advertised alongside &#34;Available on App Store/Google Play.&#34; Fortunately this is compensated for by IE (of all apps), which can run many equivalent sites in desktop mode almost as good as using it on a desktop.-No front camera. The rear-mounted camera takes decent photos but uploads them to SkyDrive at a measly and highly unusual 750x1150 resolution. It's also slightly hit-and-miss simply tapping the screen to auto-focus and shoot, about 20% of photos I take tend to focus badly with that method.Cons:-Nokia MixRadio is straight up bloatware and grinds this phone to a halt. I just use the Xbox-&#34;branded&#34; generic music player and Pandora if I want streaming music.-Speaking of bloatware, my Windows 7 PC recommends I download this utterly unsatisfactory Windows Phone app for transferring files. Dragging-and-dropping files works just fine, as well as Windows Media Player syncing, thank you very much.-I bought a new microSD card for it recently and it apparently lumped everything I transferred from the previous card into the Other storage category, rendering it unplayable despite formatting the card. I actually had to hard-reset the phone to get it to work and I'm thankful I had app backups enabled.-YouTube. The videos are fine but it's one of those supposed apps that's really a link to the website, and I have to switch IE to mobile mode because apparently the phone doesn't have an updated Flash Player for desktop mode - which is the only way some videos will play, apparently. Why?-Virtually every video I've ever taken that's longer than 5 seconds is unplayable though take that with a grain of salt since my aforementioned previous memory card was a non-branded &#34;Class 10&#34; POS.To summarize, it's actually quite packed for a GoPhone at a great baseline smartphone price and not too shabby for a starter. If you're not too into the world of smartphones but still want its capabilities, you won't go too wrong with it unless Windows Phone goes the way of Blackberry (which given Microsoft's deep pockets won't be for a while.)

Bought this for my mom cause she was sick of her iphone and fell in love with this windows phone.

I've been looking into a Windows phone for a few months since I got my laptop with Windows 8. The ability to connect everything via SkyDrive is very convenient.There are some apps that are popular in the iTunes and Android markets that are not yet available in the Windows App store, but they are being developed quickly and aren't that big of a loss (to me).Excellent phone!

There are minimal instructions and no books I can find on how to use this phone.  There are functions I can play with to learn on my own, though I feel I've only tapped into this capabilities 20% of what I could do had I an instruction book or video DVD.  It's not Android or iOS, so you are very limited on apps.  It's not worth it unless you love Windows and want a Windows phone.  I thought I did... now I sincerely miss my iPhone.  Never again.

the delivery time was faster than expected and this is a big plus for amazon llc (that is why i try to order items which are delivered by amazon llc). the price is a big plus as well but i didnt like the surprise i faced once trying to operate the phone: it is locked. i live abroad and i cant use it with my company as the phone is usable only with at&t sim card provided in the box. i contacted the company and they didnt accept my request to send me the unlocking code so now i am stuck with a phone i cannot use. if not for this inconvenience i would rate it with 5 stars. it would be more fair if all the companies who sell prepaid phones mention the fact that their phones cant be used with other sims but theirs. it will save more time and money to the people and cause less troubles to the companies.

one of the best win8 phone around. It is nice and cheap phone go for it! I love it a lot.

Beware, AT&T; counts INCOMING calls against your minutes. I am a 25$ a month gophone user, which has unlimited text and 250 CALLING minutes. Found out from nice AT&T; support person that incoming calls count against my 250 monthly minutes ! You get charged for calls initiated and terminated from a third party ?? Crazy.Phone works great though !!

I may have to return this. There is an echo. I'm hoping the echo will go away. This phone does offer good features. I am undecided at this point. I don't think I would have bought it.

I've been using Windows Phone since Windows Mobile, and the new UI since my HTC Surround when Windows Phone 7 launched.  I currently have aNokia Lumia 925and anHTC 8Xand love both, so when my oldest daughter was ready for a phone this Christmas I thought we'd try a PayGo before settling into a contract.The biggest issue I have with the 520 is the screen resolution, because so many other issues stem from that.  For starters, the Windows Phone app marketplace is fairly limited already, but many of the apps were created when Windows Phone had a minimum resolution of 720p (1280x720).  The 520 has Windows Phone's new low-end 480p resolution (800x480), which means a good percentage of the already-limited marketplace is closed off to the 520.  The was really highlighted when I tried to download apps I had on the other phones to this one and found even old basics like Doodle Jump and Fruit Ninja can't be had on the 520.  On top of that, Microsoft never updated the UI fonts when lowering the resolution standards for the manufacturers, so it is a pixelated frustration at times to read emails and web pages.  Furthermore the 520 manages to be the only AT&T; Windows Phone without a front-facing camera, which means you can't even use Microsoft's own Skype with it.I had low, but I felt reasonable, expectations for a phone at this price and Nokia still managed to deliver under expectations.  If you need a cheap smartphone to text, email, and other basic functions that don't require apps you'll be fine with the 520.  By not having apps, it has plenty of space for music, the Bluetooth works excellent, so it works for us as a My First Smartphone to see if she can handle the responsibility (also, Microsoft's Parental Controls work excellently with Windows Phone).  I can't imagine it will work well or long for people looking for a more robust experience, especially with the proliferation of higher-resolution PayGo Androids that don't have the very small app marketplace the 520 suffers.

Good phone for its price. Needed one that I could eventually unlock since I have a travel-prone job.The touch feature, battery life, drop test (yes, already did once on a hard surface!) all came through - totally nokia... came out positive in all. Camera is pretty decent too.Apps are limited and the quality is not so great. Maps feature needs to improve - I don't seem to have a way to kinda define the route I want to take. Here Drive just forces me to 'one' way it chooses as right!

Great quality.. Looks good and light weight with stand to watch videos.. Like a lot!!! And the color is great

This phone is pretty good itselfBut I couldn't get unlock code in unexpensive priceah................it makes me sad really

OK, I've had my phone (from AT&T;) for almost three weeks. So this is what I found.Calls - very good with occasional dropped calls prob bec of my location. But the phone is pretty good with good audio and the call is actually smooth.Making a call takes some getting used to. Receiving a call also takes getting used to.Vibrate - Yup, it's quite annoying. no way to turn them offCamera - Now this one actually is pretty fair. You have to have excellent lighting, and you have to have the steadiest hand in the world so that there  will be no motion blurr. I have used apple products in the same situation with much better result. the camera button is unpredictable and tap to take pics is unreliable.Apps - definitely limitedAudio - really loud. Although a little bit on the raspy side. definitely not high end.Ease of use - quite a learning curve. I have used android os also. This one is rather harder.Price - Excellent.All in all, probably a 31/2 to 4

I used a BB, and changed to this one and I love it, it is so much faster and dont freeze, I'm happy with my purchase. The shippnig was very fast.

Don't have the free apps that you get with the iPhone, but you are not paying iPhone pricing either..Still haven't been able to get text pictures.

Got this phone two weeks ago at the ATT store, and I love it. Super easy to set up and customize, Windows 8 works perfectly, and the size is just right. I like that you can change the home screen to pull up with you use most, and change the size, color and layout of the squares. No crashes, and size is small enough and lighter than any phone I've tried.We changed the notifications and programs running in the background to save on the battery, which can be a little low on power. The other nice thing is you can change the battery yourself! Unlike an iPhone.For $99 if it breaks, it is cheap enough to just get another one after the year warranty is up.Also loving the Go phone service. I switched from Verizon, and was worried about coverage. The map looked like it dropped off at my house, but it is actually better in many areas than the Verizon service was. I have the $25/month, and use wireless wherever I go, and mostly just wanted it for texting and voice, so I'm super happy with no contract and the service. Get it, you won't be disappointed! Nokia has made a Great phone. Thanks for reading!

What a great little phone. I use a Nexus 5, but sometimes don't like to bring that along on vacation, or other outings. I found this on lightning deal the other day for $50 and gave it a shot. I heard how much some people like windows phones and wanted to try it out anyway so it was a good opportunity. I am less than impressed with the software and apps, but the phone itself is much nicer than I thought, it's a little fat, but the screen is actually very nice for a lower resolution, and I can't see any pixilation. the colors on the screen are bright and vibrant. I haven't yet made a call yet, because I am too lazy to move my SIM, but I am now all set up and ready with the apps and settings. It is certainly different than Android, and there is no way I could switch to Windows with the lack of apps and settings, but luckily I don't need much in a spare phone.

Haven't hardly seen my 15 yr old daughter since I gave it to her. She loves it so I do too.

This was a great deal for the money. I primarily purchased this phone for testing a website's function and appearance on the Windows mobile OS.

Got one to try it out (AMZN had it for $40 deal of the day). Current price around $60 is not bad at all. Having used iOS and Androd Devices, I wanted to try out Windows 8 phone given that it can easily 'sync' with the other MS apps used at work. First thing, while I am no brand fan or anything, infact hesitated to buy a Nokia after my previous bad experience with them, I was pleasantly surprised at the Device and the OS. The Win8 Live tile interface is infact brilliant, somehow like it better than IOS or Andriod. While iOS is all simplicity, no surprises, Win 8 is a different experience in a nice way I think. The build quality of the phone is not to iPhone or Galaxy / HTC standards, but not bad at all for a less than $100 phone. The Snapdragon processor is very fast, as fast as any other device, multitask well, uses the battery well, photo quality is pretty good even in low light for cell phone standards. I like being able to open all the MS Office attachments in native format - a major plus for office work. The Nokia Music and Free Radio apps are very good. I already use Win 8.1 at home and it is very much the same.Anyone considering a fancy expensive phone for their kids have a very viable, alternate option in this phone.Also if you already have a AT&T; or TMobile plan (the TMobile version of this phone) it is easy to swap it with your current phone. I switched from a Blackberry

It OK

This phone is great for the price- so great I bought my mum one too. I don't really have any complaints, other than I wish I bought it when it was this cheap!

I purchased this phone 7 months ago to replace my previous phone which experienced a hardware failure. For a price of around $50, I wasn't expecting this phone to be loaded by any means. The camera isn't great; it has a small amount of RAM compared to today's phones, etc. Of course, these things are to be expected with low end phones, so my rating is not influenced by these factors.However, there are two things I can barely stand with this phone, and they are the most important features: The keyboard and the touch screen! I don't know what it is, but something about this keyboard makes it incredibly difficult for me to type messages properly. Even when typing slowly, I constantly hit the wrong keys or touch the home screen button. Something about the layout of the keys feels awkward, and even after 7 months I&#8217;ve never been able to adjust. I thought maybe it was because the screen is smaller than my last phone, but when I use my iPod which is the same size as this, I can type messages with very little errors both quickly and easily.In addition, there are frequently small delays when sending messages back to back. This is likely due to the small amount of RAM. For instance, let&#8217;s say I send a text to someone. Immediately after the first text, I begin to type my next message. Since there is a small delay, some of the words I&#8217;ve just typed either do not register with the phone, or only bits and pieces register. This means my message turns into a display of garbage characters which requires me to completely re-type the message. Obviously this can be prevented by either slowing down or including everything I can in one message, but in the middle of a conversation it&#8217;s difficult to slow down.Now my second issue, the touch screen. This phone does not do well when browsing the internet. When attempting to zoom in, the phone frequently thinks I&#8217;ve clicked on links embedded in the web page. Sometimes when I actually do try to click on a link, the phone zooms out. When I&#8217;m trying to slowly move across the page (like when reading an article) the phone constantly thinks I&#8217;ve swiped the command for going to the previous page, even with me moving across the screen at a slow rate. I could understand it if I were trying to quickly swipe the screen, but I&#8217;m not. For anyone wondering, I&#8217;ve encountered these issues using both Internet Explorer (the default browser) and UC Browser (currently the #1 web browser in Windows Store). I also do not have a screen protector on my phone.This phone seems like it would be a great value for light users who don&#8217;t browse the internet often and need a smart phone just to have a smart phone. For heavier users, I can&#8217;t recommend it due to my poor experience with the keyboard and touch screen. They seem like easy things to overcome, but they&#8217;ve led to a lot of frustration and wasted time for me.

Bought this as a gift for my husband to bring him into the touch screen age. I'm so happy that he's genuinely excited about using this phone. I gave this phone  five stars despite the app we use to watch our tv on the go being unavailable but I think that's more of a carrier issue

ya i feel its good cell phonevery happy with cell phone but one defect they did not given me head setsoo plzz kindly focus on it

this phone was confusing to use after using android system, also the phone got hot when using it. returned for a refund

very satisfied with this phone, it meets all my needs , and very easy to use. I would recommend this phone to anyone, as good ( and cheaper) than an I-phone.

You don't get too many good apps on this windows phone. This is my first windows phone. I miss my Iphone. I guess you get what you pay for

Amazeing phone love it. It works amazeing great windows phone I can play games on it great very good phone

I really like my windows phone, great size, takes amazing pictures, and I love that it is windows based.  Easy to use and to get around, no contract it is a Nokia AT&T Go phone.

Previously I was using the AT&T; Avail (also known as the Zte Avail) which I never really had any problems with other than the phone liked to restart itself randomly and the low amount of internal memory (could only hold five apps :/) But the Nokia 520, is a way better phone than the Avail in every way.  I ordered my phone directly from AT&T; because Amazon said it would take 2-5 weeks (after I ordered the phone from AT&T; it became in stock on Amazon go figure)For $100 your getting a really good dealScreen quality looks nice, you can still see outside in direct sunlight-The pictures look good for a 5 mp camera ( I have a iPad 4 and the photo quality is very similar/just as good as what you get with the Nokia)- the call quality is great, even if you use the speakerphone! I called a friend and asked if the sound quality was good he said yes. After I told him, he was on speakerphone he said I sounded amazing and he couldn't tell-Listening to music is great on the phone nice and loud-Offline map with turn by turn navigation. This is why I bought the phone for this feature, figured if I could use this feature without any internet connection I could save myself from buying a GPS.-Keyboard is easy to type on-Interface is easy to use-Message title has a winking face when their is an unread text message ;)-I have 2013 Honda Civic and the phone does work with hands free Honda Bluetooth that is built  into the car, and it will support the read you your text messages feature :)One thing I'm missing on phone is when you send picture messages it doesn't do the little up and down arrow showing that its trying or receive or send a message(Hope this makes sense) so you kinda just have to guess when your picture message has been sentThings you need to know-If you are already an existing go phone customer you will need call AT&T;, so they can transfer your number and money to the new micro sim unless your last phone already had a micro sim (currently the only go phones on AT&T;  that have a micro sim are the Samsung Galaxy Express, Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and this phone.)-If you don't have/want to pay for data you need to disable data otherwise you might see GPRS charges on your account. I had one that cost $4.44 and I wasn't happy. Disabling data will insure you don't receive any of these mysterious GPRS charges. However, if you disable data you will no longer see 4G on the phone and you won't be able to send or receive picture messages (you can still get regular text messages)-Battery life varies depending on how much you use your phoneI am grandfathered into the old $1 a day plan which doesn't have any data, so I'll guess have to change to one of the new plans or I will end up paying more with the random GPRS charges when data is enabled-Not as many Apps compared to Apple and Android, but has the most common apps people want and Windows seems to be trying to get more...As I previously stated I have an iPad 4, so any games, emails, or video calls are done on there.My phone is just for calls, texting, picture messages, taking pictures and very light web use when wifi is available and I need to look up something when I'm out and about, and now GPS :)Overall, if your someone like me who upgrading from an older android, can get used to the Windows OS  and can live with the fact that not every app is available in the App Store then I think you'll be very happy with this phone.

I purchased this phone because of its OS (Win Phone 8), and because of its price (&#60;$90). It required a trip to an AT&T; office to get a compatible SIM, because the FF's SIM was too large, but, other than that, the switch was a piece of cake!However, there are clear reasons for the phone's cheap price: no front camera for selfies or video-chats, no flash for the rear camera, screen res not-quite as sharp as more-expensive.Nevertheless, this was a worthwhile purchase to take me through to my allowed-upgrade date! I look forward to a new Lumia 925 at that time!

The 520's size and weight is so much more comfortable in my pocket and in my hand. I don't mind not having a flash or high end camera, or even LTE, all of which my 920 has. The 520 is so much more convenient. And it was very nice not to have to extend my existing phone contract.

Nokia still makes the most solid and reliable phones on the market.Windows Phone is a niche product, obviously, but these phones are the cheapest smart phone around that are full featured.

This is a nice phone, but if you want to use it on Consumer Cellular, you must program it and not the way Consumer Cellular has it. This is how to do it. After you program it, you may not be able to send or receive pictures unless you turn Wifi off. It should work with text with Wi Fi on. Try both with Wifi on, but if pictures don't work, turn off the W-fiFrom the phone homepage desktoptap settingstap cellulartap data connection and set it onthen tap edit Internet apn and enter the following:For apn enter att.mvnofor user name leave blank for password leave blank for proxy server (URL) enter proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comfor proxy port enter 80then click the save button at the bottom which is the symbol on the left that looks like an old floppy disk.This brings you back to the previous cellular settings screen.  From this next tap on edit mms apn and enter the following:For apn enter att.mvnofor user name leave blank for password leave blank for WAP gateway (URL) enter proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comfor WAP gateway port enter 80for MMSC (URL) enter [...]for MMSC port enter 80.  Then click the save button at the bottom which is the symbol on the left that looks like an old floppy disk.You may need to be off Wifi  to get pictures but not text.

This is not an Android. If you are used to using an Android and love it stay with Androids. This has Windows IOS, and it took me a very long time to get used to it. I still don't know everything. The phone its self is great its just the IOS I don't like. I was big into a few apps that Android had, then I find out Windows doesn't...Bummer.

it's good because i like this the phone and i like the operative system :3 good job guys continue so

this is a good windows phone. the only problem is apps. some apps do not work with windows phone like paypal credit card device. not secure enough. but other then that buy it.

i perchase two of this phone they say unlocked but when i send them to jamaica for gift they both are not unlocked even now they cant get them to work because they have no unlocked code for them i am so piss

I am use to Samsung, and Android phones.This works great, responds to touch quickly. easy to change and arrange the home menu, sync emails, etc. The camera and video is pretty good, I do wish there was a flash.

I asked if this could be unlocked, and was told yes.  Nonsense, AT&T seem unable to send me an unlock code, and no other unlockers will touch it!

Love windows UI but that's about it. Arrived on time. Was a new and unopened box. If you're used to Android or IPhone stick with those.

This phone does everything I need:  pandora, evernote, youtube, email, web browsing, etc.  All that with a price so low that I won't cry when I break it.  I could not be happier with the value.

I had to replace my dead moto flipphone so I got this.  Now when I dial into voicemail I ant have it on speaker phone???? WTH for handicapped people that's a BIG feature.  My old moto had a obvious button for me to hit for speaker.  Where is it in this crappy interface?

good

This is a great phone with lots to offer any smartphone user; unfortunately, I'm not so into smartphones and decided to return to an old school type of cell phone.  My son has it now and he's crazy about it.

I like the Nokia Lumia 520 but the camera is difficult to use. The users guide says nothing about the camera.

I bought this phone because my iphone was stolen. i just got this as a cheap phone for a replacement until I could afford another one. NOW I LOVE THIS MORE THAN MY IPHONE! colors are amazing, very user friendly, big easy buttons too. I know that may sound lame, but having the pictures on the face of my phone showing all my apps is perfect. touch it and im there. anyway, if your like me, want to have the techy cool phone, but aren't tech savvy, this is perfect. i went thru an hour and a half tutorial just to learn the basics of to my iphone. this windows phone teaches you how to use it as you go. they have instagram now too. I originally bought the iphone so I could have instagram  for my jewelry. yay for instagram on my windows phone!! and you cant beat the price. I paid 60 bucks I think?? iphone was over 500!!! so all I had to do was attach this phone onto my at&t plan.

super cheap and affordable works great for a replacement phone! I like it better that my IPhone 4. need more apps though

I usually write short reviews or don't take the time at all, but I am very impressed with the Nokia 520.Bought this phone on Cyber Week for $49.95 just to try out Windows 8since I am a Windows guy trying to unsuccessfully use Microsoft Office on IOS products.I just bought an ASUS T100 Tablet/Laptop and love the fact that it's windows 8 and that Ican do both business and entertainment on it, including iTunes, and iCloud.All of my computers are windows based, however I have an iPad and iPhonebecause I love how seamless they work together and the Retina screens. I have been using the iCloud control panelwith my windows devices for contacts and photos from my iPhone.The thing intriguing about this phone is the idea of reducing my monthly outlay on cell phones,tablet cellular data, and the list goes on.So far I have installed an H2O wireless micro SIM and activated with a $10.00 pay as you go, 5 cents/min.plan that will expire in 90 days. I turned off cellular data, and text messages are 5 cents ea.I'm not much of a text user and can use wifi for getting my email and web surfing.The rest of the phone was set up using my Windows account log in.This phone is meeting my long term goal of having an inexpensive to operate smart phone.I've been looking for a "Go phone" like this for years.This would also be perfect for my wife or anyone that only occasionally uses a cell phone.I have installed a 64GB SIM card with 17GB of music and Hangover 3 MP4 as a test movie.Even if you don't use this as a cell phone, it would make a great low cost iPod replacement.I have streamed Netflix, Hulu Plus, etc. and this screen is great!For whatever shortcomings others before me have mentioned, all of the pluses with this phone outweigh any negatives.I will probably buy another Nokia 520 for my wife and eventually cancel her expensive iPhone contract.BTW, online activation with H2O wireless was easy with this phone. You can order a micro SIM on Amazon for cheap price. I have not tried other carriers yet with this phone. Good Luck.....this is a keeper!

It seems to be smooth action like a  smartphone that I can tell, although, it is my first one and I don't mind that it's a windows phone either.Downloaded a bowling game and that worked well.  YT HD movie trailer videos looked great, although, I wouldn't want to watch a whole movie on it. Battery life seems okay so far, even with the wifi on. Using the wifi, you apparently need to search and connect by tapping on it, such as open public. But might work without searching at an AT&T; area such as McD. I believe it might also store these in the memory. I've seen these around $59.00 on line and seriously thinking about buying another one for back up at that price. I bought a solid black rubber style back cover at an AT&T; store for $15.00. Glad I didn't buy the two toned 'gummy' generic one. I would recommend also buying a $100.00 ONE YEAR SERVICE card if you want it as an AT&T; gophone. Wmart might have these (somewhere) I only use BASIC service, but that option might NOT be available other than grandfathered or through an AT&T; store. (I've read something like 6 months prior svc)  I do feel I was mislead about buying games without a data plan. Here on Amazon for the Xbox online game code. My current rollover is $109.00 I buy 90 day $25.00 cards. (Check the back of the card for 90 days) Having to buy one and refill BEFORE the end date is annoying and I always lose days every time, especially, if it's a week or so early.That's why it's best to buy a years service or even REFILL at an AT&T; store. WMart has the MICRO SIM for Straight Talk ON LINE for around $7.00 now. But you might buy them here on Amazon. Make sure it's the MICRO sim.Idk how long the AT&T; & ST service partnership will last. But you shouldn't need to unlock the phone if it's an AT&T; phone. But I've read there are ST service limitations.

The phone is slow, at first it would go black and say resuming from time to time but now it responds so slowly that you don't think it registered. Like 4 or 5 seconds. Even the autocorrect takes a while to work. I've only had it for about six months and it's "acting up". I've had three different windows phones now and this is the only one that was a lemon. I like the OS but this phone isn't worth even $60 now. Not a substitute for a real smart phone.Edit: Sorry I wrote a negative review fanboys. This phone doesn't work well at all and just wanted to warn others. Maybe this phone is awesome if you live in India or whichever random South American country but in the U.S.A., it's junk. Forgot to mention the part about when you lock the phone and then want to quickly unlock the phone it won't work. It just goes to a backlit black screen and once the backlighting goes out in a few seconds then you can unlock it again. I've never had any phone that took so long to do such a simple thing.If your just cheap and don't mind it working slowly all the time, otherwise just get a phone that's unlocked for maybe $200 and more powerful.

I love this phone! Just hoping AT&T offers a cheaper plan soon! Like Straighttalk you get unlimited everything for $45, but At&t is $60 and not unlimited ;0/ But VERY happy with the phone!

If you want an inexpensive smartphone on the go and don't want to commit to a long-term contract, the Nokia Lumia 520 is the one to pick. Fair price, adequate features and a durable device make for a comfortable purchase. It isn't iOS and the apps are limited, but the upcoming update to the Windows Phone operating system promises more versatility. I have had dropped phone service on a couple of occasions and email tends not to update too quickly, but, overall, I agree with others. This is a good choice for the price.

I love this phone.  I am not really a technical whiz and I was able to figure out the basics with this phone in short order.  It does all that I wanted it to and for a lot less money.  Thanks so much and may God Bless!

Gr8 phone for the price.. No phone for 50$ with no contract is as good as this!! Even without a SIM card this phone has been fun to use at home!

This is my first touch screen smart phone - I use AT&T; GoPhone service, wanted to upgrade my phone, and this was offered by AT&T; for $99.  I checked Amazon, mainly to see reviews, and found the phone for $69.  Whoa!  Ain't no flies on me - I know a bargain when I see one.The phone itself is excellent.  Why pay $600 for an eye-phoney when you can pay $70 for something just as functional, just as easy to use, and is quite handsome.  Plus - I CAN GET REPLACEMENT BATTERIES THAT I CAN REPLACE MYSELF.  I've only been using the phone for a few days, but already I am in love with it.I admit that I am a minimalist when it comes to cell phones - I rarely use them and mainly have it for peace of mind.  But this guy could change some of my habits with some of the apps that come with it.

THIS PHONE IS EXCELLENT.  MY DAUGHTER'S NEW IPHONE WAS STOLEN.  NEVER BUY WARRANTIES.  THOSE ARE RIP OFFS.  I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR $ 50 INSTEAD OF USED IPHONE FOR HUNDREDS OR ANY OTHER PHONE LIKE THAT.  WORKS GREAT.  WE ARE USING THE SAME CONTRACT WITH NO ADDITIONAL PENALTY WITH ATT.

overall i like it; its my first smart phone so i really cant compare it to others.  It has alot of personal customization available to it which seems nicer than my wifes Iphone.  The only flaw i found was that you can't set text notifications to be only vibrate and still have a sound ringer for calls. It has to be sound and vibrate, vibrate for all, or nothing. This is the reason for the 4 stars. Seems like a major thing to overlook.  Even my old school phone was capable of setting texts to be vibrate.

Can't say enough good things about this phone. It does it all beautifully. I was so impressed with Windows phone on this, I bought another for more $

This phone is a bit frustrating. I've had it for five or so months. At first it seems really awesome, until you find out a lot of apps aren't supported for windows phones. This phone also has the nasty tendency to duplicate media files ten or so times, making you have to scroll through a bunch of the same photo/song/video/etc to find what you are looking for, and if you try to delete the duplicates you also lose the original!That being said, the customization is nice, and I like the overall size and feel of the phone, so I will probably stick with it for a while longer.

The Lumia 520 phone seems to work fine and I think I will enjoy using it. However, if you are a current AT&T customer and you plan to use your old sim card in this phone, you may have a big problem. The sim card in my previous AT&T phone is too big for this phone. I called AT&T and the representative told me to cut my old sim card to match the micro sim card slot for the new phone, and it should work immediately in this Lumia phone. Well guess what? Not only did it not work in the new phone, but now it won't work in the old phone, so I can't even view my contacts to at least copy them to the new phone. I had to go to an AT&T retail location and all they could do for me was port my phone number to a new sim card so that I could at least use the new phone. I do not know why AT&T would not clearly indicate that the phone's sim card may not match, instead of saying all we have to do is put our old sim card in the new phone and everything works fine. That is a lie! And unfortunately I lost my contact information as a result. Not too happy right about now.

Shipped fast, when received the prepaid box was in pretty bad shape, but nevertheless everything came out working right out of the box. The phone itself works fine, but not a big fan of the Windows OS. Overall good product for cheap.

This is expensive on Amazon! You can get it for $75 (incl. taxes) from BestBuy, and you get it same day (most places in US) via Best Buy store pickup.Phone is excellent for a cost effective/backup smartphone in case your primary smartphone is lost/damaged/not usable.

First smart phone for me, if you are in the same position, I would recommend it.  It is friendly and good looking and at a bargain price.

I purchased the phone because I was told it had windows office on it that I could use in the field.  It does but you have to subscribe to a service to get it to work.  I use the phone only for telephone voice calls but would have liked to be able to rough in documents on the phone to be transferred to my computer when I return home.  I do not feel that you should have to subscribe to a service to use something that was supposed to be on the phone itself.

I have totally enjoyed this Nokia Lumia smartphone!  The camera is really great and it even takes very good pics in low light.  Somehow it adjusts the light and the pics come out brighter.  I have one and my two daughters bought one.....we love, love, love them all!

this is a great phone for the price. the only thing I wish it had is a front facing camera.

Everything on this phone is awesome. You have a lot of memory and you can download many things. Size is perfect to watch movies or videos. I totally love it!!!!

Excellent price and buy. My first smart phone.

If you're looking for a great, inexpensive starter phone or just want a basic do everything smart phone, this would be one to really consider. Its got all the bells and whistles of a fun phone without draining your bank account or being tied down with a 2 year contract. If you have ATT, you can pick up this gem for 55.00 here on Amazon. Even if you use another provider, this phone can be bought unlocked for about 80.00 to 100.00. This is still a good price for what this phone does.I went from an Android phone to this Windows 8 phone. I'm still using Win 7 on my PC so there is a learning curve for me,  but it isn't hard. If you use Win 8, you're that much more ahead.The camera on this phone is rear facing only, but its 5 mp and takes a great picture! It also has a couple of camera apps that makes it really fun and cool like Panorama and Cinemagraph.The sound is great if you like your music or are using speaker phone. The store has most major apps you might want (Netflix, YouTube, Pandora,IHeart) but still has some limitations if you're comparing it to Google Play.After having this phone for about a month, I am still more than happy with it.Phone is sending me all my notifications, camera still rates well for a 5 mp on a phone, sound is still great, and no more dropped calls compared to my Android phone. Don't get me wrong, I like Android, I just got a bad deal on a particular phone.I would still highly recommend this phone to anyone on a budget. This phone beats other compatibly priced phones (and more expensive phones) hands down.The phone has a 4 inch screen which is compatible to IPhone 5 and has 4 brightness settings which is great for outdoors. I could go on and on.As I said before, this is a great phone for the price! You shouldn't be disappointed.

YOU NEED A DATA PLAN. dont trust the questions answered section like i did. if you dont have a data plan and you put your sim card into this phone att will know what device you are using and will start charging you for data. i wanted to use this phone like my basic phone but with the function of wifi, but att will not let you get away with this. CROOKS! the phone itself seems good but i wouldnt know bc im sending this turd back!

I actually own the Nokia Lumia 920, but bought the 520 for my fiance who was tired of his expensive Verizon android bill. He LOVES this phone.PROS:LightweightSleek DesignWindows Operating SystemNot Bulky/ Fits in your pocketCONS:The lightweight feeling makes it feel a bit cheapNo front-facing cameraNo camera flashSmaller touch-keypadOVERALL: This is a great cheaper alternative for a Windows phone. Having the Lumia 920, I can tell you it's annoying that it won't fit in my pocket. This 520 is smaller and more lightweight. My fiance does wish it had a flash so he could use the flashlight app.

Pros:Good price.Good quality.Cons:Memory is not enough.

Awesome phone! Really good phone but it does lack in certain apps. For one it does not play mkv files which is very disappointing and there is no proper file explorer for windows phone which just terrible but other than that. It is a very good phone.

I upgraded from my old flip phone and so far find this one very intuitive to use.  It has enough of the important apps.  The app for transferring files from my Mac to the phone works perfectly.

Cheap price but awesome product !  I bought it as a gift for my dad . He is so  pleased to  use it.

The phone is ok and nice and good looking. but we have a problem now we cannot use the phone because when we open the phone asking for pin activation.. now we dont know how to activate. pls help us how we activate..

I am still learning about this phone. I would have liked it to print out the message when received  it

Unfortunately, no good 'cause the phone and' locked and you can not 'use in Italy!you can do something to unlock it?

Good value phone, but I live in Australia so it's impossible to unlock for now. Also the Here Drive only works for one country, and it does not work without a SIM card.

For a $50 phone, this thing isn't so bad. As a previous iPhone (3G and 4) and Android (Galaxy S3) user, I figured I'd give WP a shot. Bought it, threw in my AT&T; sim and was good to go. I bought this because I broke too many phones this year to warrant spending any more real cash on a new phone.My 5 star rating is mostly about the Windows Phone operating system more than it is about the actual device. The device itself is OK, though it lacks some features  I prefer to have. My biggest gripes are there's no front facing camera and there's no flash in the rear camera. That aside, the phone is light, feels solid, and has a bright, clear screen. The device to price ratio is exceptional though.I must say, I'm impressed. The OS runs very smooth and the live tiles are fun to configure to your taste. It's easy to nagivate and to configure the settings. Apps launch quickly. The battery life is decent on this phone - better than the S3, and maybe slightly less that the iPhone. Having a bunch of Live Tiles can also drain your battery, though I found on the Android platform, I always had to switch off bluetooth/nav/etc. in order to preserve battery life. That's not the case with this. Unfortunately, there really is a lack of Apps for WP when you compare to iOS or Android. However, your basic apps are all here - facebook, twitter, instagram, pandora, what's app, (a good 3rd party) snapchat client, etc. There's plenty to keep me entertained, and this is really the only drawback of WP I can find. I'm running WP8.0 at the tiem of this writing and am looking forward to 8.1's release.Overall, at $50-60, this is a great introduction to WP or if you're looking for a cheap replacement phone until your contract is up. Would I buy this again? YES. When my contract is up for renewal, am I going to buy a brand new shiny Windows Phone? Quite possibly - this thing is growing on me. I just want to see more app support.TL;DR: Sweet phone.

Good price and very good tech performance. Run perfect in 4G. No problems with the batery. So far I don't have any claims. I think was the best option  in GoPhone of AT&T.

For those looking for a windows phone this is an excellent choice for the price. While the app selection is limited there is still a lot to choose from so I do not think that this is a big distraction for the casual user. The battery life is phenomenal. I can get 2+ days on a charge. I have used several android phones and (LG EVO and LG F3) and have been lucky to get a full days use out of a charge.While the cost of the no contract plan from AT&T; is slightly more than the Virgin Mobile plan I think that the 4G coverage is much better.

I purchased this phone to replace a 10 year old Nokia dinosaur. I am quite impressed with it, considering the price. It does not compare to my daughters Samsung Galaxy, but I did not expect it to.My main reason to chose this phone was that I was able to use it with my AT&T; gophone plan without having to take on a more expensive monthly plan.The camera works well, as long as there is plenty of light - it does not have a flash nor any zoom capabilities. Nor does it have a rear facing camera.It comes with a gps that works well without the cost of any data.The wifi works well - both at home on my own wifi or away from home with public wifi spots.The voice to text feature surprised my with how well it works - I have been texting friends and relatives more that ever before because of the ease of doing it with this phone.All in all, I think it is well worth the $99 price tag.

This phone is very good for the price and I can even have up to 8 devices on it without the use of my WiFi all the time.

I love very much the cellphone, it s really beautifull, but i got a problem: I can't  to unlock the PIN of the cellphone.Can you help me, please to unlock the item.  I need the PIN code for unlock it.MODEL: NOKIA 520.2the IMEI IS:  356696055887140TYPE; RM-915FCC ID: QTLRM-915IC:661AB-RM915Best Reagards.

I use these as touch panels for home automation and controlling central audio.  The UI is nice and smooth, and the device has no trouble handling it.

Pros:- Low price ($60 bucks for a smartphone!)- Acceptable performance for a low priced phone (quite surprising)- Windows Phone OS is capable and the store has a great selection of apps (&#62; 200,000 by December 2013)- Expandable memory up to 64 GB (has 8 GB by default)- User replaceable battery! Can just pack a bunch of extra batteries to not run out of juice for days when you forget to charge the phone or have had to run a battery hungry app for a while (e.g. navigation/GPS).Cons:- No flash for taking pictures at night or in low-light.

For the price, unbeatable.

I love this Nokia cell phone. I was leary due to some previous reviews stating the outer shell or cover looked cheep, but not the case at all. It had a beautiful smoothe black finish and actually looks quite durable, not cheep at all. I havn't even put a case on it yet and it looks great and more importantly is exptremely durable and has not even scratched or chipped even when I've dropped it. I am very pleaed. All the applications work great and the format of the  apps is extremely user friendly.It came with windows 8.  I would say it is on the top of being an extremely great buy, I got an extremely well functioning, up to date phone for a fraction of the cost. Good job, I will be making my next electronic purchase through amazon. Thank you.

just got it , it seems to be a good phone so far, very little lag, good response touch screen, seems to need everything I need,

This is the second one of these I've had I sent the first one back it stopped working after only a few days this second one give issues also it just not very good quality made phone I do like the features though and it works on straighttalk

The camera is quite good. This is a cost-effective cell phone. It's enough for people who do not have too many demands on the phone, just to call,send messages and surf internet.

This is a great phone. I have been fighting the "smart phone" thing for a long time. I was wrong. This is a amazing pocket device. It plugs into my windows 8 laptop and can transfer photos, music, etc. To get my old contacts list I downloaded a free nokia app called "transfer my data" it transferred all my contacts from my old "not so smart" phone to this one via bluetooth in less than a minute. This was after searching for a couple hours on ways to do it. The nokia apps are very easy to use. The advertised battery life is not what they say. I guess if the phone was in the standby mode it might be but so far I have had to charge it about once every 3 days. Still longer life than my old phone. It is Nokia quality at a really good price. I use ATT 500 minutes talk, unlimited text, 200mb data plan for $40/mo. Since it uses wifi and the only "online" stuff I do is at home the $60/mo plan was more than I need. This is a awesome case for it.B00DT5VDUEI am very happy with this phone. The windows phone site is very informative. I've been told this is a very basic Smart Phone. Guess I'm just a very basic guy.

I am an iPhone user and got this phone as a temporary replacement when I broke my AT&T phone. I had recently began using Windows 8 and this made the transition much easier. Windows has their own App Store and many of the sake apps used for iPhone and android phones. You can use your gmail but it will not automatically sync contacts,and you will need a windows (free) account to use the phone.The phone is fast and the AT&T coverage is great especially since I live deep on the country! I would recommend, but the camera is well below par.

Internet is extremely fast compared to the Iphone. The panoramic pictures camera app is so cool. In addition, the pictures you take you can edit. The only negative about the phone is that you can't take pictures at night because it has no flash.

This is great device especially if you're new to smartphones. It's easy to use and very personable with Live Tiles, many customizable, app integration with the Lockscreen, and in Windows Phone 8.1 you can apply any images to you Start Screen, customize app notifications, including their alert tones with the new Action Center. You can even choose which quick toggles you want to display in the Action Center, such as WiFi, Bluetooth, rotation lock, Internet sharing, etc.HERE Maps and Drive are excellent mapping apps with full offline availability so no matter where you are, you can always find your way, even without cellular reception. HERE Maps features turn-by-turn, compass-guided walking directions that nicely integrates with local public transit routes. HERE Transit is works well as long as your local transit comes relatively on-schedule. HERE Drives voice-guided directions works pretty well and will even automatically remember where you parked your car. The best thing about HERE is you can save locations into Collections and access them across the apps and website.Solidly built, great performance, and feature-packed, with a ton more coming in the next few months (Summer 2014).

This phone is an amazing value.  It features excellent build quality and a great no contract price.  I happen to have a contract with AT&T; and I simply put my sim card in this phone and I was up and running.  It doesn't do LTE speeds, but the faux 4G is good enough.Windows Phone gets a bad rap for lack of apps, and in some cases it is true.  There is no Google support, so if you use Google Voice, you have to do it in the browser.  Gmail can be checked with the built-in email client.  Other than the lack of Google support, most of the big name apps I use are there.  I'm missing Nest, but I can also do that in the browser.If you want to, you can pin webpages, such as Google Voice or Nest to the Start screen and they essentially act as apps (albeit in the browser).This phone is fast enough.  It isn't lacking in speed, as Windows Phone is seemingly optimized for Microsoft's minimum requirements.  You'll see it repeated in tech blogs and videos, and it is true.  Windows Phone feels the same no matter if you are on a 1Ghz dual-core processor (like this phone) or the more expensive models, which are 1.5 Ghz dual-core.  The new 1520 is a quad-core 2.2Ghz.  It will be interesting to see if a quad-core 2.2 Ghz processor makes a difference.Overall, I am pleasantly surprised by the entire package here.  It has enough speed, a very nice screen, and (mostly) all of the apps I use for an incredible price.  It also feels very comfortable in-hand.  If you are curious about Windows Phone, this is the perfect phone.  If you are on a budget, this is the perfect phone.  If you need a backup phone, this is the perfect phone.  No wonder this phone owns about 30% of the Windows Phone market (at the time of this writing).

Pros:It's very inexpensive, but still well-madeWhile the screen is lower ppi than others, the image is still crisp.It runs very fastWindows 8.1 is very smooth and stable.  Far more stable than any Android phone or tablet I've had in the past.Camera is very crisp, GREAT photo appsBattery life lasts all day with moderate useThin4GCons:No NFCNo front cameraNo flash on the rear cameraIf you're coming from Android:  No alert LED (my only complaint about WP8)Overall:  The phone is very good, and I can't even begin to justify spending more money on another phone when this one works so well for so little money.  It's not lacking anything major - even the app store seems well-stocked.Also - I'm using this on Net10.  It works perfectly with an ATT network Net10 sim.  If you're planning to do the same thing, here are the APN settings you'll need:Internet APN:APN: tfdataUser name : NET10Leave the rest emptyMMS APN:APN : tfdataUser name : NET10password : (blank)WAP gateway (URL) : mms3.tracfone.comWAP gateway port : 80MMSC (URL) : [...]MMSC port : 80Leave all other settings empty or unchanged from the default settings.

I'll start by saying, I ditched my iPhone 4 (sorry Apple) and opted for this because of the price point ($70 at the time).This phone is sweet, it's about half an inch wider than my old iPhone 4 and just slightly longer. The interface, though tough to get used to at first coming from a 2 year tryst with iPhone, is very pleasant and fluid.The processor has plenty of &#34;oomph&#34; and adds to the fluidity of the interface, my key presses register basically without delay and the scrolling happens without lag or jitters.Another cool thing is that, for now anyway, Microsoft will be updating all their phone operating systems very similarly which is nice when coming from Apple where they basically stop all support and updates for their devices relatively quickly when their latest and greatest comes out.I mean, Windows XP still has updates being released (until April 2014, that is) , that's a 12 year old operating system that they are still supporting and it really means a lot. Back on topic, I am pleasantly surprised with the windows mobile layout, and while I don't care to see people's faces on live tiles such as Facebook, I dig the weather and email tile updates.All in all, I don't have any buyer's remorse, I don't miss my iPhone and plan on looking at the Lumia phones in the future.

Given the MSRP for this phone, you have to set some expectations. But then you realize it doesn't carry a 2-year agreement. You can use this phone out of the box on an AT&T; Prepaid (GoPhone) line or on AT&T; postpaid (contract) plans. It comes with a Micro SIM card and GoPhone activation kit in the box.It performs great! I've owned a Lumia 920, HTC 8x, Lumia 822, and a few older WP7 devices. This, just like any other Windows Phone, feels smooth and fluid throughout. Sometimes when a larger operation (filtering a photo, opening a big app) takes place, you will notice a &#34;Resuming...&#34; screen for a split second. Otherwise, it's every bit as smooth as any other Windows Phone. You can't really say that about an Android device at this price point

I purchased myself,my son and my daughter the 520 and I tell you it's the best thing since slice bread.The price was right ,the phone is just down right superb and receiving connection is absolutely fantastic.I have recommended to all my friends and coworkers.

Great phone for the price. One issue is that you cannot adjust alarm clock volume. Very annoying. Otherwise, it is fantastic.

As a former iPhone user, I was delighted at its ease of use and responsiveness.  I like the larger tiles, and the fact that I can position and size the tiles based on my preferences.  I especially like the voice feature, as it easily synced with my car, and reads my texts to me and allows me to voice text back while driving.  Even more impressive was the price (under $100).

This is by far the worst phone I've ever had, and I've had about 10 different smart phones.  We had a problem with the volume button so we sent it to Nokia for repair.  TWO WEEKS LATER I got it back, and the phone is in worse shape than before.  When you boot it, you get the Lightning/Cog symbols.  I can get around that, but when you get the phone to work, the volume button is still messed up!  Nokia used to be a decent company, they are horrible now.

Being an iPhone user for 5 years, I can honestly say that the Nokia Lumia phones can compete with the iPhone and the 520 is just a lower model so I can image what the high end models can do. The phone is very affordable, stylish, easy to use, and I can add minutes whenever I need to. Glad I bought it.

Phone was very hard to set up right. Ended up having to go to an AT&T store to have them set it up. Which it was even hard for the AT&T person to even figure it out. After set up, the phone is petty good.

Works great. No glitches as fare as I am concerned. I used to have the Razor and went to this. I am not disappointed.The phone is a winner with 60.00 unlimited, With 2 gigs of data plan.

Not happy with anything about this phone.

So for the price of the phone without contract, its a an amazing phone. My wife and I both love the Windows OS, our last phones were HTC Titan with WP 7.5, prior to that was Android. These devices are great for offline GPS and/or music playing devices. These are great to bring to AT&T; share everything plan if you have a bunch of people you want to share data/talk/txt with.Pros:OS is easy to learnWindows Phone 8.1 updateDecent screen for priceSD CardCons:No front cameraNo camera flashApp selection is limitedNo LTEAT&T; Locked

Pros:- Very user friendly- Nice interface- Easy to customize- Fun to use- Well designedCons:- Music is ridiculously troublesome to manage, organize, and play.

This phone is an incredible value for the money. Very nice and modern looking. It's a NOKIA! Even their cheap phones have a nice build quality. Activated mine with Airvoice Wireless on a $30 monthly plan and I was pleasantly surprised how well I liked Windows 8 as a smart phone OS. The apps for Win 8 phones are fewer, but how many do you really need? Check it, you won't be sorry.

Bought this phone when amazon was having a super deal for $40 and received it recently and this phone is an amazing one with so much capability. Thanks Nokia for making a solid phone.

Amazing deal and could not be happier.  I also have an iPhone for work and prefer the technology on this device

Shoooot! I just bought it 3 weeks ago ...now the price is 20$ cheaper.....Good phone...GPS is awesome... you can download maps in wifi and can use it without any data connection on the go...that is the very best thing about this phone ....I live in ohio and downloaded ohio map which occupied hundred MB of memory space...Viber app for this phone is not good... its appstore is very poor ...other than that good enough for a 4g phone.. some microsoft stuffs like onenote, office 360 are really awesome ...

I just took over ownership of this Nokia Lumia 520 Windows 8 Phone from a close friend that had used it as his cell phone. He had trouble with reception in his mobile home and used up a bunch of data before he realized there is a toggle to turn data off when not needed. Generally unhappy with his choice, he offered it to me and replaced it with a basic cell phone. I, on the other hand, was looking for an MP4 player with a decent screen, lots of storage capability and easily played converted MP4 movies. After spending months eyeballing and searching the web for such a critter, I found out that many smart phones have these attributes and don't require a phone service to operate. Wi-Fi is the key for activity outside the MP3 & 4 functions! Since we have wireless in our house ... Bingo! Hot spots may also be helpful.As far as this device goes I couldn't imagine anything being so functional and enjoyable than what Nokia and Microsoft has offered! Every day for a week now I have tried everything I can think of to experiment with its capabilities and have yet to be disappointed.To start, the IPS screen is phenomenal. Of course it's small, but every movie, video, picture, even streamed Netflix, are all crystal clear. Haven't tried watching outside in bright sunlight because if I'm outside in bright sunlight I should be doing something other than watching movies. I've been able to read from a Kindle app I downloaded on it and email isn't a problem, though I use my actual Kindle for most reading (they out perform anything for reading).The sound volume took me by surprise when using it without ear buds or head phones. Does the job clearly. For quality listening though, the head phones were the best. Sometimes that matters, sometimes it doesn't, the choices are wide open though. No, it doesn't have a fancy equalizer and such, but have you noticed it doesn't cost hundreds of dollars to buy?The OS, Windows Phone 8 (WP8), gave me a challenge to work with as it was my first experience. I have W7 on my laptop and have been holding out going to this next version like so many others. Change for the sake of change without a need for change isn't my first choice. Knowing W8 was developed for the touch-screen industry I just didn't feel the need to change. Now that I have had time with this WP8, I'm liking it more and more. Very customizable. Because I can still be very visual, I miss the little pictures (icons) used for W7 and my android devices. However the tiles seem to keep things simplified and "clean" looking, so I can understand some of its attraction. The screen commands have been very stable and consistent. No jitters or jags. Zooms smoothly and is very fast to respond generally. Once in a while there may be a slight lag downloading, loading an unread Kindle book or some other task, but not troublesome in my opinion. The smoothness of all the transitions make it a pleasure to operate in.I'll also note, as have others, it is very easy to access the battery and sd card. Pay attention to the "instructions". Hold your fingernail on a top corner between the screen and back, then push in the middle of the back until it pops opens. When closing, be sure to stay away from the buttons! Jamming will occur.I guess the battery life is par for the coarse, but I tend to compare to my Toshiba Ultrabook and Kindle. They are both mega-hour lasters and shouldn't be used for comparison. I have watched 2 & 3 hour movies and still had over 80% left (Wi-Fi off). On the good side it charges really fast, whether from the laptop usb or the wall charger, so with a little diligence I should stay in the clear of a dead device. I've heard of phones getting really hot but haven't noticed that during those long movies I've watched so far.All-in-all, I am really, really happy with this new tech-toy! May try it as a phone someday, but for now I'll be enjoying it's pocket/mobile entertainment qualities (maybe like an ipod?) that far exceeded all my expectations! And what a great value for the price. Or a Big Bang for the Buck! Hope your time is as rewarding as mine ... Thanks.(4-17-14 UPDATE) - Now that I've played with my Lumia 520 for a while I would like to throw some caution to you music lovers. The sound is still great for my needs but 2 issues have surfaced. On a minor scale, the "sound" (adjusts equalizer, etc.) found under "settings" is not functional on this model, though it and the Nokia website says it is. All you can do in advanced mode is silence the ringer if you turn it face down. No equalizer.On a major scale, songs will duplicate themselves both in menu and while playing. Even songs I love get old when heard 3-5 times in a row because of this malfunction, so multiply that by every song on some albums and you might agree that it is unnerving at best . My research with Nokia and MS support sites show no updates yet to fix this complaint that is well documented in many threads of Q&A;'s. They also indicate it has nothing to do with the hardware, but seems inherent with the WP8 platform. Just thought I'd throw out a warning and save you 6+ hours of figuring out what went wrong. One fix for me was to remove the sd card, delete the songs/albums being repeated, then drag and drop the individual file/folder of music back in, not using the 'sync' in Media Player or the WP8 PC app. This means taking apart the phone, etc. each time and not a preferred way of doing business.Besides this glitch, I'm still loving my toy with it's decent battery life, clear screen and simple controls. BTW; I added a silicon skin for minor protection and it eliminated accidental activation of the power, volume and camera buttons. Guess I'm easily pleased ... Thanks.(5-17-14, another UPDATE) Two big changes have taken place.1) Because of the trouble with my music files I found an unusual solution. Check the WP website for the Windows App Developer app, apply for it, and then you'll qualify for the WP 8.1 web developer preview version. "No going back" they warn, if you choose this method. "System warranties will be disqualified" they also warn. But I took the chance. Over-all I spent nearly 3 hours with downloading updates via our slow dsl line, reformatting, re-doing some settings , etc., but glad I did. Look up the additions that are included with this new OS to see if you want to risk the early use of it. Eventually it will be publicly available for you patient people. It eliminated the file duplications on my music, some apps are working even better now and it allows 3 medium size tiles on your start screen of this phone. Not a game changer, but something I quickly took advantage of. There's more but I won't go there.2) I just found a phone service plan that will work perfectly for my limited mobile phone use. H2O wirelessnow. Amazon's FiestaCellPhones store offered the SIM starter pack for a penny (no shipping) and H2O has a pay-as-you-go plan for as low as $10 for 90 days service. It works out to $40/yr for 800 minutes or 400 mg of data. They use AT&T; towers throughout the country (supposedly) and as you may know, this Lumia 520 is sold with an AT&T; goPhone SIM card. Works Great! Same reception we had with our little goPhone with the addition of using this Wonderful Windows Phone and the Super Nokia apps. Now I'm even using it as a cell phone/smartphone too! Imagine my delight! Life is Grand ...and I hope YOURS is TOO!

I am writing this review strictly to refute the negative things put out about this phone.There are only two problems that i have with this phone: the first is that the battery leads are about 1mm too high. In the event that you grip the phone tightly and push against the rear cover, the battery will lose its connection and turn off the phone. To fix this simply bend the leads down, and they will maintain a constant connection.The second issue is the lack of a built in compass, initially i was unsure how this would effect day to day use. Basically what it boils down to is that the phone has GPS so it can tell you where you are, but without a compass it cant give you turn by turn directions. In fact most apps will simply quit when the navigation icon is clicked.Aside from these two things the phone is amazing for the price, if someone told me two years ago that I could buy a dual core smart phone from a retailer for $85 including tax I would've called them a liar. But it sits in front of me with the clearest and loudest call quality of any phone I've owned, with a bright decent sized IPS screen, from one of the few hardware vendors I trust.Don't hesitate.Just buy it.

Good evening, This is to inform you that the phone is already sent blokeado having et & t gophone and I would like to know how we can resolve this situation, thanks.

This phone is good for the price. The phone performs well for what it is.  However, the WP application selections are very limited compares to the 2 other big phone OSs. The lack of an LED flash is somewhat annoying both for pictures and not being able to have flashlight cabability. Still, I would recommend purchasing this phone .

I downgraded from and away from Sprint's high plan's.I chose this phone and i have to say,for the price i made a good choice! My first round with Windows 8,but for the money i scored well satisfied!!User friendly.

Got the phone when my other one wouldn't charge, I have AT&T service and it works just fine. If you have a different size sim card you can take it into the AT&T store and they will give you the one that fits in it for free!

Great battery life, quick and easy setup.  My old phone was HTC android Android which cost much more and didn't last.  Note forward facing camera doesn't have software to run it, and alarms have issues.  But again for less than a 100 totally worth it

Durable phone. Don't get the insurance as the deductible is as much as a new phone. Not as intuitive as an iphone but the price is awesome. Speakers are very good too.

I was not aware that AT&T was a provider. So when I received the phone i was surprised to found out that the phone was lock to an over seas branch in america( AT&T) and could only be unlocked in Australia. I really would appreciate if you could give customers a bit more warning on the product so the consumer from overseas like australia have full awareness on what they are buying and if they are getting a good deal or not.

A lot of features I thought it would have it didn't have. besides being compatible with other androids in its class.

when we plug the phone in the wallthe phone never charged up a whole day I would never buy this phone again

Use five as phones and 1 as backup in-case if I lose one or one breaks.Not a single problem with any of them.Only $25 per non-contract line on mobile share value plan.  Just buy the phone and call them up and have a line added and tell them you already have a phone.  Otherwise just insert the sim from another phone as long as its a micro sim.Can also just use as an mp3 player, app store, email, etc.. without the need of ever using the phone portion.  Just buy it and put the sim in and you can do everything except make phone calls.  You could use skype if your in wifi though.

Only flaw is the ear phone jack. It can be a little pain to properly fit your jack and get proper stereo sound. I haven't tried a mono ear piece yet.

He loves the phone. it does everything he wanted in a phone and is easy to jump from one app to another and to access all his connections.

Love this Windows phone! Has more features than I'll prob ever use, but I've already been very happy with how simple the ones are that I do use! Best thing that sold me on it, was the price!! Had purchased exact phone @ name brand cell dealer for grandson before school started in Fall, it was over TWICE the price as this one! No difference @ all.

great phone just needs the apps socialcam and insta grambut its an great phone for  the teen or tween  an great price

Price is right and do the same  things Spencer phone do... Nothings wrong with Nokia!!  Pioneer in cell phones in the 90s

Bought this phone to replace an older one that gave up on me. I took a star off for its lack of lte and lack of front camera. For the price I paid, could not beat the value. If you need lte or do video calls, look elsewhere.

For a GoPhone it's great. I lost my HTC One X so I bought this one to replace it until I can upgrade next year.  I decided to try a Window's phone to see how I liked it. It's actually pretty fast while scrolling through the internet and I love the Nokia Music app.  Speaker on it is pretty loud as well.  The phone itself feels a little more cheaply made compared to contract phones, but I haven't had any issues with it breaking yet and I have even dropped it once and it was just fine.  I wish the camera had a flash on it, but the pictures still come out ok, good enough in a pinch and I can't complain too much when I think about the price of the phone to start with. The interface is nice, but does take some exploring and getting use to if you have had a different os. That's part of the fun of exploring a new os though. Battery life is average and what you would expect with most smartphones.As far as the apps go, no it doesn't compare to Apple or Android.  There aren't as many apps, the number of free apps is limited (although that means they are generally ad free), and there are a few that I use from the Android market that aren't on Window's so it may be a deal breaker for me when I go to upgrade my phone next year.Overall I'm glad that I made this choice for a GoPhone. It's pretty good for what it is and I'm happy to have it for at least the next year.

The item was good but i could not use my lyca sim card in it. I wish it was unlocked so that i can use any simcard whenever. Now its not in use because i cant use any simcard in ti.

I can't believe this smartphone was so cheap amid its features and quality. Windows phone 8 is amazing, fast and intuitive. The live tiles, personalisation, social links everything to contact. Photo features, too many to mentions. Slick design, fits exactly in your pocket. Although there is no camera flash but its still very good in low light conditions, and that's the only flaw but not bothered. I bought 2 of this, I'd like to buy more. Just for $65 AT&T no contract phone, i have nothing to say more except you better try this before it runs out It's more than a steal. You won't find any cheaper than this kind of medium end phone. (Android User).

I'm going to make this as simple and possible...Pros:Just about EVERYTHING can be customized and organizedFast, easyNot expensive like every other smartphone but has almost all the same features!!!Everything is sooo accessibleUnique apps make finding things easier (Local Scout finds everything nearby, Local events on Bing, HERE Transit maps, ETC.)Enough popular social apps to make anyone generally happyExcellent camera with plenty of different options with photo lenses! (Don't let the 5mp fool you.. It's comparable or better than iphone.)Microsoft Office and Onenote.. GREAT for productivity!Shells to change the color of your phone (and plenty of cases to choose from on Amazon)Speaker is much louder than iTouch even at volume 10/30!Expandable memory (UNLIKE IPHONE....)And SO many more apps and productivity tools that I haven't even used yet! (Wallet, Groupon, etc.)Cons:No front facing camera (maybe that's a good thing... no countless selfies.)Not enough gaming apps for free (I shouldn't be wasting so much time gaming anyway...)Some apps could be a little more modern (only because the phone is so modern, some apps don't feel as up to date.)Battery life could be a little better, but hey, all smartphones die quicker than we'd like them to. (Especially for us heavy users..)Basically the perfect phone for a student (me), professional, parent, or anyone who is into using a phone for more than just selfies. LOVE IT.

First Nokia product I have purchased.  The phone was defective.  The volume up and the volume down switches were MISSING!  No excuse in 2013 for this type of quality problem.  It shows how far Nokia has fallen in a very short time.

I am not a kid so my only complaint is my fingers and the keypad when texting dont get along, but other than that is a great buy.  It does all it says. I held it up against my samsung galaxy and it is the same size screen even though I thought the nokia was smaller, my bad.  I am amazed at what I got for the price I paid, considering what the galaxy phone does and the price I paid for it.  I wish I had found this phone first.  Great camera apps.  At&T service ppl on the phone,,,,well if you pay as you go  there is the frustration...dealing with setting up a plan and all of that. I am sure if you are thinking about this phone after reading all the good reviews, you might want this phone.  I am suggesting you get one before they are all gone, I am going to buy another right after I post this so you might want to jump on it.  :)

I love it , I like the windows 8 ..: the games are great, wonderful..... Excellent battery performance. Great apps,

I purchased this from Amazon so that I could use it with H2O Wireless (an AT&T; reseller).I am pleased to say that this phone works fine on H2O, no unlocking necessary.  I had to order an H2O micro SIM, which I purchased on Amazon also (for like 10 cents).  Activated the SIM online on H2O's website, added $10 and ten minutes later, BOOM!  I'm making calls.(I did not set up data with H2O, but it is possible to change the data settings in the phone to use their data service also, for me this is basically a poor-man's iPod that happens to be able to make phone calls... I'm on Wifi 90% of my day.)Likes:1. Windows Phone interface is snappy. Sometimes you get &#34;Loading...&#34; when switching to an app, but for the most part, works real slick.  I like that you can change up the Home screen with whatever you want.2. Nokia Drive maps (GPS) works great once you install your SIM card. (Yes the maps work with my H2O SIM :)3. Does everything I need it to, which is Music / Podcasts, very light email / Twitter checking, Kindle app, GPS. Oh, and calls!4. Able to expand the storage with micro SD. My music, photos, maps are on the 32GB SD that I also purchased separately.5. Integrated really nicely with my Gmail account. Once I had that set, my calendars and mail sync'ed right up. Nice.6. Reasonably lightweight.7. Pretty good camera for stills & videos (no flash, but hey this is just a phone)Dislikes:1. So far it seems like I do need to charge this phone every night. It's my first smartphone, so I don't know if it's normal. As long as I remember, it's fine.2. Windows Phone OS does take up a lot of room (over 2GB). Apps need to be stored on the phone's memory, not the SD card. So far not a problem for me, but if you're an app junkie you might want to think about that. Except...3. There really aren't that many of the Big Name Apps on Windows Phone yet. I'm not a heavy app user but I use a few like Kindle, Amazon, eBay, Evernote, Twitter.  App Wishlist: Tiny Wings & Talkatone4. It's just a little bigger than I'd like. I know this is a smartphone, but a bit smaller phone would be better for me. I was considering an iPod nano to replace my old iPod, because frankly this is mainly a music player for me, but getting the extra features (GPS, prepaid phone, apps) for the LESS than a new iPod nano (and WAY less than an iPhone)... I really can't complain.TL;DRGreat, cheap prepaid phone, great iPod touch replacement (if you don't need a lot of apps), bonus GPS (great for Runtastic app)I like it.

I love it! I was hesitant about getting a refurbished phone, but if I didn't already know that it was, I'd think it was a brand spanking new one!

I wanted a smart phone that could hold my texts and contact info and one I could conveniently check my emails on. If I could see a video clip from FB, that would have been a bonus but I usually don't have time for such luxuries. I have a Google account from school and I wanted to use MS Office to read files from my Google Drive as well as compose short emails and create/read my Google Calendar events. I must say that this phone does all that and the display is crispier than my HTC vivid that I lost last month. I have an AT&T account but no data plan and I only use this phone with WiFi. I can access my Google drive, it syncs perfectly, I can access my Google mail and my Google Calendar, I could not ask for more! I did not need a lot of memory because I don't download music or movies and I do not play games (it apparently has Xbox games?) so I comment on those. However this is a GREAT phone for the price and as far as I am concerned better than iPhone or HTC vivid which I have owned in the past. Do not buy into the negative hype about Windows phone, Windows 8 may be crap but the phone is perfect!

She's not tech savvy so she didn't need that many apps or complications.  It's very easy to use and has great Microsoft and Facebook integration. She doesn't have a data plan, but uses the wifi to check mail and surf the web.  Also to listen to music over bluetooth in the car.  And it was cheap enough to buy without a contract.We're on an AT&T; family plan and the phone works just by switching the SIM card. No activation or unlocking.Some minor cons.  The display doesn't have the darkest blacks. And the camera doesn't work well in low light situations.

Trying to learn how to use it,but really like it. and i like the screen it is soooo visable and easy to read.

Long story short, I water damaged my iPhone. Since I'm not eligible for an upgrade yet and I wasn't willing to spend the $700+ to replace the iPhone, i opted for an alternative. Since I am already an ATT customer and this being a Locked ATT GoPhone, I just inserted my SIM card in and worked. I did buy a nano SIM to MicroSIM adapter since iPhones use Nano sim and this phone only takes MicroSIM.Since its a budget smartphone, it lacks many of the premium features that the iPhone or other premium phones have such as a fast processor, high quality display, multiple sensors, better quality camera with flash, front facing camera, noise cancelling microphone, LTE etc. etc.What I love is that its light, screen is bright enough and color is decent, resolution is adequate, touch response is good and the processor snappy enough for the average app. May not be fast enough for some graphic intensive game but I don't play games on my phone so no issues there. With this phone, I'm able to do the things I need to do which is, email, facebook, twitter, internet, call messaging and music. Even though its not an LTE phone, 4G is fast enough. This is enough to keep me satisfied until I my contract allows me for an upgrade with subsidized pricing.Battery life is good. GPS. Call quality is decent. The volume on the earpiece is loud enough, speaker phone is adequate and WIndows8 is easy to navigate. 8GB internal memory and expandable via MicroSD card. Good music playback as well.  WIndows8 is pretty good. What I don't like it's that many of the apps I had on iOS, they are not available for Win8 which is why I gave this phone a 4 out of 5.Overall, this smart phone has enough features and I was actually impressed with it. The more I use it, the more i like it but I still do miss my iPhone. For a phone less than $100, I think its great. Biggest draw back is the lack of apps from MicroSoft because of WIndows 8 but the OS if very nice. The live tile is nice and navigation and customization is easy.

The performance and general quality of this phone are far superior to any entry level android that I've tried. I miss having a camera flash - but hey, the specs clearly say it is not included.My only gripe is the lack of available good fitting cases. There are a lot that are tolerably close though

My Samsung died and I needed a replacement phone in a hurry. I had also been thinking about trying a Windows phone as I never liked Android much. This is a great phone for the money. It is easy to use and covers all the major functions of a smart phone well. When my contract expires I plan to stick with Windows/Nokia and upgrade - mostly to get a better Nokia camera - but I'll keep this phone as a back up. I am very satisfied.

Other than trying to figure out some of it's features, all in all its been a very good phone. For the price you pay, one can't complain.

Look beyond the brand name and WIN 8 OS (not be hung up by IOS or Android) and this phone delivers all the goods for an unbelievably low price (got mine on cyber Monday for $50). Here's what you get - nice 4&#34; screen size with bright and responsive touchscreen (don't expect the super high resolution at this price but it is clear enough), camera, full function GPS with great FREE maps from Nokia (people don't realize it but Nokia is a well regarded maps provider), 8 GB built-in memory with microSD memory card slot for adding more capacity (I got a 32GB card with all my favorite music, pics, and video on it), good call quality and loud speaker, more than enough apps thru WIN 8 store (please, how many do you really need), mobile version of Office included.I'm very familiar with Android OS and my opinion is that Win 8 feels a lot more polished and, besides not having as many apps, runs fast and without any problems.If you're familiar with MS Zune multimedia player, this unit will look very familiar. I actually consider this the upgraded version of the discontinued Zune HD with a lot more functionality and at a lot lower cost. You can use this unit as a multimedia device WITHOUT having to sign up to any cellphone service - it doesn't need a sim card inserted to function as a Win 8 tablet.  I upgraded from a basic phone and use this with the Go Phone plan with NO data plan (don't need it - there's so many wifi hotspots around now and this unit connects with no effort to internet on wifi).

Purchased my phone from Amazon for 30 less than AT & T.  Paid no activation fee, just had old service transferred to new phone!  Kept same number!  Phone works like a charm!!! and battery life is freaking good too....Rachel B from MD

Purchased this phone to give to my son to replace his &#34;dumb&#34; phone. After a simple SIM card swap the activation was complete and he now has an awesome smart phone without burning up one of our precious upgrades and without breaking the bank! Sweet deal if you are looking to upgrade but don't have one available through the company yet!

good night, I wonder if there a way to release this phone in Venezuela

I really satisfied this product.But I can't find any unlocked code any more.It's my first window mobile phone.All is new for me. So, I'm happy to enjoy with lumia 520.

The lock/unlock button on side does not work after 4-5 months of using phone. Don't waste your money on this phone.

Im use to Android yet i was captured by the nicer features on this Phone its more upgraded than any phone i have had takes a bit more to understand yet for a Logical Techy Brain like me I LOVE THAT :) Already Enjoying the Nice Camera with auto focus its much faster at typing too doesnt freeze on me GREAT BUY

Purchased for my uncle who lives in convalescent hospital and had trouble getting to house phone.  There is some lag with touch, but phone calls are clear and ability to adjust text size is a plus.

First off, I really like this phone.  There is one semi-major flaw in its design - the power button is located on the side of the phone.  This makes the phone turn off in my pocket from time to time, which is annoying (and why I gave this phone four stars), but I'm ordering a belt-case, so in the end, it's not a big deal for me.  In addition, the price on this is great, so I'm not going to complain too much.********UPDATE: I discovered that it was not the power button being located on the side of the phone that was causing it to turn off.  Instead, the battery was a little loose, and if pressure was put on the phone in just the right way (apparently my pants pockets knew just what to do), the battery would lose contact and the phone would turn off.  EASY FIX - just cut a piece off of an index card, folded it a few times and wedged it between the battery and the case to ensure the battery had a tight fit.  Problem solved, phone hasn't cut off since.********Now, down to what a lot of you need to know: does/how does this phone work with a post-paid or contract plan?The following information comes from dealing with AT&T; customer service (which was incredibly helpful throughout this process).First of all, you can use this phone with a contract or post-paid plan.  At least they didn't stop me.Second, AT&T; **WILL** eventually add a data plan to your contract.  Their customer service rep told me that their system is designed to recognize smart phones and will automatically add a data plan to your line at some point.  A data plan IS REQUIRED for any smartphone on AT&T;'s network, so eventually, they will get to you.Third, you HAVE TO HAVE A DATA PLAN in order to send and receive picture or video messages with this phone.  If you are having trouble sending or receiving picture or video messages, go to settings --> cellular -->  turn data on.But here is the good news.  AT&T; recently released a new plan, called the Mobile Share Plan, which gives you unlimited talk, text, and a set amount of data to share between up to 10 devices.  You can find this plan on their website, but I will say that it SAVED ME MONEY compared to my old "family-share" plan and I went from having around 700 minutes a month to UNLIMITED.  So, needless to say, it was a win-win for my family.The real kicker of upgrading to the Mobile Share Plan is that IT DOES **NOT** REQUIRE A NEW CONTRACT - which is important for me, as my family was all out of contract.  If you upgrade a phone through AT&T;, you will have to enter a 2-year agreement in order to get the discounted price on the phone, but if you are already out of contract, you can switch to this new plan without entering a new agreement.Finally, the amount of data is variable with the Mobile Share Plan, but it is SHARED, so you don't have to buy multiple data plans.  We went with the smallest amount (300 mb) to save money and because we plan on using mostly Wi-fi with this phone.Also, as an aside - this phone takes a micro-sim card.  If you have a contract plan, you will have to pick one of these up from your local AT&T; store.  You can have them activate it at the store, but this requires the phone's IMEI number (located under the battery).  I wasn't sure if there would be an issue since this is a "go phone," so I decided to call AT&T;'s customer service line to activate my new sim card instead.I bought this phone because I wanted to use the smartphone features on wi-fi, not realizing that I would be required to get a data plan.  Thankfully, I ended up saving money in the end and getting unlimited talk in the process.  Win.

My daughter did not like it because you have to have a Microsoft account in order to get apps and we never figured out the account process. Wasn't user friendly.

It works, I'm not a phone geek so it's fine for me. Internet browsing, simple camera and a few useful apps. If it lasts a year I'll be happy.

bought it for my boyfriend who was still using old flip phone with no other benefits. lol. got this beautiful phone which is such an upgrade to what he was using. beautiful and ready to use with his same sim card. did have to go to att store to get smaller sim card though. no biggie

This is not the be all end all cell phone.  It will not make your jaw hit the floor in amazement.  It is missing a few features that irritate me, like a flash for the camera (that means no flashlight apps) and no visual voicemail.  It is still a solid, reliable phone with good connectivity and a solid interface.  I bought this to replace my broken Lumia 900.  I broke that glitchy piece of flaming garbage in aggravation by throwing it across the room. Whenever I was in an app, game or making a call, the bottom buttons (back, home, bing) would randomly trigger without being pressed.  That was kind of a problem, especially when speech recognition wanted to come on in the middle of a call.  On a particularly bad day, I got fed up and threw it across the room. That was the best thing I ever did, because this phone is MUCH better.  Besides not having those glitches, it is also a windows 8 phone, an upgrade my Lumia 900 never got.  It also has expandable memory, an option not offered on the Lumia 900.  Oh, and did I mention that when I ordered this one a couple of months ago, it was $50 LESS than the Lumia 900?  Nokia should be ashamed of themselves for making that junk, and issue us all refunds.  Bottom line, buy this stable, cheap smart phone, and tell them to keep their buggy expensive junk.  Or buy an android from samsung.  I probably will after this one dies and my contract runs out.

I bought this phone under the assumption it was unlocked, however to my dismal upon collecting it, it was not now I'm stuck with a phone I cannot use.

Bought this for myself and one for my boyfriend.  It is our giant step into the smart phone world.  I love it and all the things it does so easily.  The two things I will look for in my next smart phone is a front facing camera for video calls and a flash for evening shots.

Internet too slow.  Windows phone not worth the registration with Microsoft hassle.  Looks good and feels good but no good.  Android users, stick with Android.  Nokia was great in the past but now, you have lost the Edge.

We are so happy we purchased this nokia lumia 520.We use it with 25 dollars monthly plan without data plan ....just use wifi and hotspot.It is SO easy to use and the great thing is you can call customer service so easily with free of charge.it is a great phone.We have been saving money! I hope this review helps some people who are suffering in this bad economy!!!

This phone has a mind of it's own, can answer a call and can't hear, then hangs up, so I have to call them back.Would not recommend.

The Lumia 520 is an excellent low-cost smartphone. It runs the easy-to-use and rock-solid Windows Phone 8 system, and unlike Android, WP does not track and keep tab on everything you do on your phone and then secretely spy on you.  The 4-inch screen is IPS and it has great viewing angles and fast response time.  Color reproduction is quite good if not 100% accurate yet (you get that on the Lumia 1520's new IPS screen).  The touch screen is very responsive and accurate.AT&T;'s GoPhone plans really suck and are not really good values, especially when compared with T-Mobile (our family also has a Lumia 521 for T-Mobile), but its network is lightyears ahead of T-Mobile's, so the trade-off is acceptable to me as I give this to my son and being able to make and receive calls is more important than anything else for a youngster like him.  Speaking of a phone for kids, Windows Phone's Kids' Corner feature is truly excellent.  It sandboxes apps and games you select for kids, and also disables to capacitive Search button at the bottom.A tip if you use Kids' Corner but want to let your kids browse the web: you can't add Internet Explorer to Kids' Corner, but you can download the free yet excellent UC Browser and add it to Kids' Corner.  Be sure to use Bing as your search engine as it does not invade your privacy as much as Google does, and you can turn off tracking entirely, again unlike with Google's services.  Bing also returns better search results than Google, and is extremely friendly for kids (save for the &#34;Trending today&#34; links on its homepage, but you can semi-hide them).This phone is super-light. The back cover is plastic and can be removed, which means two things: 1) you can replace the battery if you want, and 2) you can get a different-color cover if you want.  Be sure to get a replacement cover and/or a case specifically marked for the 520, as its cousin the 521 is slightly longer.  The 520 feels much lighter than the 521 for some reason, even though spec-wise it's not really that much lighter. Both are light, perfect for kids and any pocket.One more thing: to cut cost both this 520 and T-Mobile's 521 include only 512MB of RAM (plus 8GB of storage supplemented by MicroSD support).  Not all WP apps run on 512MB phones, although the vast majority do.  It's mostly a few games that required 1GB.  All the popular non-game apps and most games do run on 512MB phones.In summary, this is an excellent low-cost phone that actually beats most mid-range Android phones in quality and feature set.  It's also robust, and does not spy on you like Android.  The only question is, do you like AT&T;?

hello as this product is very good ecelente recommend it but would like to give me a code to unlock this IMEI is 356696058253191 the company is AT & T is not meda code

I have to give the ease of use 5 stars but it does lag sometimes due to a slower processor but I expect that with a 50.00 phone.I will be looking for a upgrade w my AT&T go phone when they give me another Lumina option.Cant beat it for the price and the accessories are priced well.Im on the 50.00 a month plan and I never use up my data.Just connect with a wi-fi hotspot and your good to go.

We purchased two of these to replace our old phones. They don't stay charged very long, otherwise I am pleased with them.

The product was everything I had asked for. The phone was a great price. Descriptions where very accurate! It's great!

Veeeery disappointed with the seller, Amazon.com, I like the phone but after returning the first defective one (not able to take pictures due to defective sticky button as confirmed by staff from BEST Buy), I get a second one that cannot be switched off when charging, it turns itself on when i switches if off and it keeps doing that!Don't they have Quality control like what the factory workers do in JAPAN????I am running out of time as my trip to Europe (one month) start early morn of APRIL 24, so I am not able to exchange again for the 3rd one (although it may be another defective one).It is advertises as brand new one at $50 off, I am beginning to wonder if they are rejected products from the manufacture would appreciate an explanation from the sellers AMAZon.com  (LLC)

I got this smart phone recently and I have been a Windows fan my entire life, so I wanted a Windows phone too. I had this phone for 5 months now and below is my opinion about Lumia 520.Pros : - Thinner than expected and feels good in hands Camera does a good job, a lot of innovative lenses to choose from. Silky smooth UI which never hangs Highly responsive touch, works even with gloves on Games never hang or lag Offline maps with Nokia Here works smoothly (Still Google maps are better) Nokia music lets you download all latest and old songs direct to the phone. Full MS office suit. Build quality is awesome with a mat finish on its back which gives a firm grip.Cons:- Comparatively less apps that android. But almost all required apps are present. No High end gaming as of now due to the 512 ram limitation.For the price, this phone is too good to resist. It has got everything to win your heart. The colours on the screen appears very sharp and real. I really cant think of any other phone which can give you these features for so cheap.

I purchased my second 520 a a gift.  This little wonder does almost everything its big brother do.  Yea, its a Windows phone, so it may take a bit to learn the new windows, yet t has a great built in help and tips app.The navigation Nokia app is stellar, you can choose between Google maps r the Nokia version, both offer turn by turn.  The best thing about this phone?  IT WORKS GREAT AS A PHONE!!Pros:  Easy to use bright interface.  Light, does not really require costly accessories such as cases, headphones, etc. Camera is 720Cons:  The ATT version does not support LTE while the TMobile does.  Not really a Con IMHO because Tmobile coverage is spotty at best. Using camera requires too many touches to switch between video and still.

Hey this is a great buy. I will have to learn how to use. I am very computer illiterate. My ATT store says they have to charge 99.00 for this phone..

This phone was my first Windows Phone.  I bought it to use on Airvoice Wireless.Pros:  I really like the home screen's display.  The tiles are very convenient, and you can move them around are re-size them.  Wifi works well.  It seems to have pretty good data speed rates, and I have no problem streaming music.  The Windows App Store actually has a lot of great free offerings.  You can get most of the popular apps (Facebook, Twitter, iHeartRadio, TuneIn Radio, texting apps, Instagram through 3rd party apps), and there are many more to explore.  I'm pretty impressed with the camera.  For 5MP, the quality is very good.  The video comes out great as well.  It's solid in low-light settings as well, but it doesn't have a flash.  The &#34;people app&#34; that sort of functions as your address book takes some time to learn.  It can import all of your contacts from your email and Facebook (and maybe other social networks).  It pulls in email addresses, phone numbers, and whatever else it can find (employer, birthday).Cons:  I wish the speakerphone was a little louder.  The battery lasts about a day.  On days when I use the phone a lot, it doesn't quite make it for a full day, but I think that's typical for smartphones.  One set back is the lack of Java support.  You won't have full functionality on the web browser, but I've learned to deal with this.  Some websites won't be able to stream video, and others won't allow you to click on pop-up menus.For the price and the features you get with it, I highly recommend this phone.

This is a nice phone, I started with the Lumia 928 and it was 100 times better, just that it's made for Verizon and it's a pain to get it working on ATT as a go phone. So I ordered the 520. Camera is barely useable, works better with apps to take better pics. Battery life is non-existent. I ordered 2 larger batteries and a wall charger so I could always have a charged battery and that helped. Nice phone.

Amazing phone for the price.Hardware is satisfactory to my needs. However, the OS does need improvements.Pros:Very low priceScreensize is largeSpeakers (boombox-like :P )Nokia provides you with free offline gpsCons:Windows phone functionality does need quite a few tweakingApps: quality over quantity ms pls!

it arrived on time with neat packaging. Its looks cute and has all the features one would expect in a smartphone

So far i have had it a couple of weeks and love it. Battery life is good. I have the phone as a communication device, not entertainment so this may explain my long battery life.Previously I had a Sprint network BOOST LG 730 Venice android phone. Nice phone, lousy network. Their coverage sucks in areas (zero zip nada signal) I frequent while AT&T; has good coverage there. So this Nokia was attractive for that reason. It does not disappoint. I am in the Win8 learning curve with this phone right now but so far it is great. My GoPhone is doing everything I want. Don't buy a trendy phone until you know what network coverage is available.

i like every feature on the phone, but i dont like that i cant put customized, or downloaded sms tones. i can put extra ringtones and alarm tones. other than i like it.

the Nokia Windows 8 PhoneI ordered for my son and it is everything you wanted and morethank you once again Amazon you're the best

I have had this phone for a month with no problems. I like the windows 8 OS much better than the flaky android OS on other smart phones. The battery life is very good and also the big bright display.

at first i waz ah bit worried dat i bought something daz waz goin 2 b ah waste of money but i jus waited and when it came i waz proven wrong~!!!!!!!!! this phone is amazingly quick and looks beautiful&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62; i love my windows pone

Al lI wanted was a phone and  messaging. I don't really use Apps or games on a cell phone.I went through a few Androids (even with a custom ROM) and just didnt like the short battery life and the bloatware.Now I am not a fan of Win 8 and had trepidations about this one, but after I found my way around it and and customized the start screen I am enjoying it.It seems to have a better battery life than anything I previously had, and easy to navigate. I wish the status bar would remain displayed all the time, but that's a limitation of screen real estate and other apps.I just inserted my  existing SIM card(after cutting it down) into the 520  and after the set up she fired right up.Also I am on 4G now instead of 3G, a bonus.

Thanks to rewards earned gift cards, only spent $20 for 2 phones with no contract (although $60 for one still isn't bad).  Our current service is consumer cellular, and everything works just as it should.  Had an outdated dell windows phone previously, and the new phone OS is a nice improvement.Only disappointment is that I chose to stay with windows phone due to the conception that it would &#34;integrate&#34; better with my desktop and cloud computing better than android or iOS--after finally breaking down and getting a samsung galaxy tablet since I couldn't afford a windows tablet AND there is no supportable credit card swiping app & device for windows phones or tablets, I found that android works better than my windows phone in that respect.However, I would still HIGHLY recommend this phone since it has full smartphone capabilities and is an extremely affordable no-contract phone.

i like the phone but did not get what i ordered an unlocked Nokia Lumia 520 but receive a locked one that is very unjust

I got this at a good price, beat all other places like Bestbuy in Thanksgiving. And it is easy to use. The Amazon service is also great.

I decided to switch from Verizon to Straight Talk but didn't want a Straight Talk phone. After reading the reviews, I bought this one and the Straight Talk sim card. I am very, very pleased. It's easier to use than my old iphone or my old droid. It is also very light weight. If you're someone who drops things (like myself) I recommend purchasing the warranty and a case. Also--it does work with the Bluetooth in the 2014 Nissan Rogue. Enjoy!

This phone is fast, way fast.  The only thing that I would knock it for if it were more expensive would be not having a front camera.  But since I only paid $59 for this, I'm letting it keep all five stars.

For $100 this is a good phone because you get full access to the windows store. No data plan is necessary so paying $25 for a decent smartphone is impossible to get anywhere else (with a reputable company... not talkin about some virgin mobile/straight talk thing)

it is a very good phone for someone who can't afford a more expensive phone. it has good features and it's very very affordable. I would buy again.

I purchased this phone to replace a faulty iPhone. US customer with an existing AT&T; contract for voice and data. I was able to switch the SIM card over and begin using it immediately.I'm very impressed with how much this device can do for the price point. The touchscreen is nice and responsive. The speaker is loud and clear; headphones sound comparable or even better than with an iPhone 4. The camera does not have a flash, however it is one of the best low-light cameras I've used so it is not as much of a problem.My only complaint, and it is a very negligible complaint at this price point, is that the navigation is very lackluster. The maps are outdated, and the device will often get disoriented.I am very pleased overall with this phone. Whether you need a throwaway, a backup, or a primary phone you won't be disappointed.

I never would have thought I'd buy a windows mobile phone. I was an original iphone adopter and stuck with it for years of upgrades, then switched to Android with a HTC One X. Unfortunately, my HTC died on my 17 months into my contract. That left me trying to decide if I wanted to pay my ETF and switch carriers, or pay a hefty upgrade fee, or just get an el cheapo phone until something else came up (like the next Galaxy Nexus which may be offered at a cheap price). I went to my local AT&T; to see what the cheap options were and it was a pretty bad set of choices. Generic flip phones that are useful to just make calls (I need IM and web capability for work). And an android phone for $80 that was terrible, laggy and slow. And then there was this phone.I don't know how they do it. My only guess is that this phone is sold at a loss in an attempt to lure you to windows mobile. I can't fathom how they could build this phone and sell it for $100. No, it's not an amazing phone, but it's a darn good one especially for $100. None of the specs are top notch, obviously, but it works and it works well. It's responsive, fast and reasonably good looking. Replaceable battery and SD card slot? Most android phones aren't even doing that anymore. Oh hey, bluetooth AND 4G?!?!?! Woah baby.My only real gripes are with the OS. If this is your first smartphone you'll probably have no complaints. If, however, you're coming from Android or iOS, you'll notice the lack of apps in the app store. Yes the big things are there, but if you're heavily invested in google service you'll probably be disappointed. On the plus side, the native tools sync with google contacts, mail and calendar pretty darn well. But google music, maps, keep, etc? No sir (there are some apps that work ok-ish). Also compared to Android there are a distinct lack of web browsers (there are a few, but they all use the same IE engine it looks like, no firefox or chrome), alternate keyboards, mail clients, SMS clients, etc etc.But bottom line, for $99 it will get the job done and do it pretty well.

Could be perfect phone depending on your needs. I use this as a personal media device, GPS recorder, backup camera, and GPS navigator. I haven't used the phone features yet so I will not be reviewing those.Hardware:For being the lowest-end Lumia model, the user experience is surprisingly fluid. My 3yo Android Captivate kept frustrating me by struggling to respond to my input, but the 520 responds almost instantly and there's no lag in the animations - it's a pleasure to use.Not a single issue with the GPS, it's worked every single time so far (I've been using it to record my bike commutes and hikes). Love that I can hold the camera button and go into the camera without fumbling with the screen - even if I have gloves on, that's a big win right there. The image quality is so-so, you won't be printing any of these, but I didn't expect anything great. However, the best camera is the one you have with you, and this one does work for capturing a moment and sharing it with friends/family.Software:Huge, huge nod to Nokia Maps. The device is worth the money just for this functionality alone. Free offline maps? Hell yes! OK, the maps may not be as detailed as Google's or OpenStreetMap's, but they do have POIs and they still work - and the Drive app works BETTER than a standalone Garmin unit I have (rant: why can't Garmin, in this day and age, fix their damn POI search algorithm - it never works!). The directions the Drive app gives are excellent, I have even been using it without looking at the screen, and it always gives timely, clear directions.Nokia Transit is also great for finding bus and train routes, and Nokia Radio is a nice little bonus, though the sound quality could be better. The default music player app is a little lacking in usability, so it takes away from using this device as a music player (but I haven't tried any 3rd-party apps yet). Sound quality is just fine.The email app is easy to use and the keyboard is not intrusive as it can sometimes be on Android. In fact, I prefer checking my email on my Windows device now, it feels a bit more business-oriented.I won't be reviewing the Windows Phone OS in great detail (yeah, not as many apps), but I'll just mention that having experience with Android and iOS, I like the live tiles better than having icons all over the screen - though I probably would want to group the tiles by folders.Overall, this phone is great as an entry-level Windows device, and definitely got me interested in a more serious Lumia with a better camera. I haven't tried and don't think I would want to be gaming on this particular model, but I don't see why you can't play basic games.

Great screen, yes it is plastic but the phone is cheap and you should be using a case and screen protector anyway.The screen is wide and shows video well. There are no indicator lights on the front and no indicator when charging, which I actually prefer as this is a wifi only device primarily for poke at games and netflix.... both of which it works well for. There are also no front facing cameras nor flash for the back camera.The speaker is good enough to use on its own in a quiet room but it would easily be drowned out with any real activity going on.The main flaws I've found so far are with my experiences using a windows OS phone. It is a better OS style for a phone than it is for a PC... but even with this device I would not be able to stand using the horribleness of Windows 8 to make use of the syncable features. They should have just kept the OS designed for the system it is to be used on. For now the Windows phone OS has some nice apps but it is very limited. At least that means you wont have a dozen knock off versions of every good app out there, unfortunately it means you have access to only a handful of apps worth knocking off in the first place.The curved shape of the phone makes it easier to hold in your hand for extended periods of time, however the buttons that also are mounted on the side and spaced so that they take up the majority of that side makes it so that they will get hit when unwanted. The fact that the power button is right in the middle followed by a dedicated camera button gets kind of irritating when trying to poke at an app. The soft keys are also easily fat palmed into activating which will drop you out of your app and into the Bing search screen or home navigation panel. A case does help with the buttons issue but not the fat palming of the soft keys.Overall this is a great price for a poke at device and works great with wifi with no sim installed. I would not however want to use this on a regular basis as my phone and have not attempted using it on a wifi phone app so I have no idea on the sound quality of the mic.

If you cannot afford an expensive smart phone but would like one that can do just as much but costs less;this is the phone for you.

Can't get better for the price and there is a 8.1 update that makes it better

I bought it because of the low price and not being obligated to purchase a contract. I wanted to try the Windows phone platform but didn't want to chance it on a two year contract and have been pleased with what is offered. There were a few apps I enjoy that aren't available but hopefully will be in the future. I am an avid Android phone/tablet user, but Windows will definitely be a consideration next time I'm shopping for a phone or tablet.

Got two of these at a seriously low price, then saw the price drop even further within a few days, amazon being the pros that they are refunded me the difference almost immediately, hands down... the best customer service on the planet.I bought this version of the Nokia Lumia 520, you may or may not know but AT&T; did not allow for their branded 520s to take all the Amber updates (GDR2) that were available, namely the Data Sense function that tracks your data usage, maps local hotspots and limits background data consumption when you are near your set limits. This function is currently available on Verizon and T-Mobile but instead AT&T; offers a bookmark to their &#34;MyAT&T;&#34; page which actually makes you use your data to see how much you've used.To get this you will need to flash your phone with a CV (Country Variant) ROM, once you do this is done and you get all the goods. I won't get into the details of it but just know that it is an option and google can be your friend. This will certainly void your warranty (but flashing back to it's original ROM should right the ship so be sure to have that before you begin).Throw in a monthly unlimited Talk/Text and 500MB data plan for only $30 and I'm sold, I use Wi-Fi most of the time but if I needed unlimited data I could always upgrade to the $50 monthly.The difference between this phone and the T-Mo branded one (521) besides the $10-$20 price difference is that that phone is unlockable right out of the box, with this one you will have to wait for after at least six months of continuous service on AT&T.; This may be a deal breaker for some but not for me. Oh and the 521 is slightly longer.So if you're into saving money and like the idea of owning a smart phone outright, wait no more... this is your phone.

I had a problem when setting up an account for email.  I took it to the AT&T store and the assistant put my home email in the phone which the phone did not recognize. The apps would not download, it kept giving a message that I needed verification from my home email address that was put in.  After 3 trips to the store, I had to reset my phone, and start all over again.  My contacts are missing now and they should have been transferred to my sim card, but they are not there.  Also, the web help locations were of no help to me when we were trying to figure out why the Apps weren't downloading that's why I just reset back to factory. Windows will take a while to get used to and I don't think the AT&T offices have run into ALL the issues yet so they don't know how to help.

the phone is network locked its asking for network provider pin please help me am in Zambia (MTN network) and if the phone does not work its useless to me help needed quickly

Windoze 8 and Windoze 8.1 SUCK !

I purchased this phone a few days ago at Walmart for about $67, and this is my perspective on the phone.I'm switching from a Verizon Galaxy Nexus to this phone through GoPhone. As a long time Android user, I figured I would purchase this phone and a Moto G, but I'm not even giving serious consideration to the Moto G anymore. I think modern Android is fantastic, but I was pleasantly surprised at how good the Lumia 520 was. Read on for my full review.My absolute rating for this device is a 4.5/5.Camera:When using the camera, you will find it to be better than expected. The low light performance is some of the best I've personally seen out of a smartphone camera, but you will encounter weird demosaicing issues that result in color banding sometimes. Overall, the camera is hit or miss. It can easily produce blurry, undefined photos, but if you hold it steady, you can get some very nice photos out of it. The shutter speeds just seems slow, which explains all of this except the occasional demosaic issue in low light. This camera is remarkable for a $70 phone and good for any affordable phone. The two stage shutter key is a nice touch, even if it is a bit mushy.Display:It may not be 720p, but it is still very nice. If you tilt the phone back so that you're looking at it with the bottom closer to your face than the top, you'll see a distinctive band of bright pixels at the top, but otherwise the display shows no light bleed or distinctive off angle discoloration. Saturation and primarily brightness suffer a bit when viewed off-angle, but color seems to stay fairly accurate.Battery:The battery life is excellent. If I stay connected to WiFi all day, I typically end each day with nearly 40% battery remaining. If I keep WiFi turned off, I'm still able to end the day with at least 25% left. &#34;Day&#34; here is defined as a 14 hour time span starting when the phone is removed from the charger. I have no complaints in this regard. The battery is removable as well. Obviously keeping the display on all day will make the battery life shorter, but know that it is easy to make it through a full day.Performance:Excellent. I have no issue multitasking, and the device is pleasant to use. Even Halo: Spartan Assault runs beautifully. Sometimes, Halo: Spartan Assault would hiccup for a moment right after loading a map, but it doesn't happen consistently, and it isn't noticeable unless you're really paying attention. Web browsing is very smooth, texting is a breeze with the ultrafast touchscreen keyboard built into Windows Phone.Call quality:Overall, no complaints here. It makes phone calls, and the calls are usually clear. The audio was muddy during one phone call, but it could be due to any number of external factors. Most calls sounded good, and I had no dropped calls.Build quality:This is one area that I have to complain about. Originally, it felt very solid in the hand and was excellent, but I've taken the back on and off too many times, apparently. The phone has developed an unsettling creaking by the buttons on the right side of the phone. I cannot stand creaking in a device. Replacing the back shell with a new one fixes the creaking completely, but it shouldn't be necessary. Either the microSD and microSIM slots should be accessible without removing the back cover, or the cover shouldn't be so frail. I can see no visible distortion or damage, but apparently the alignment is wrong by a few micrometers now and it can slip past the edge of the phone just far enough to squeak in a most annoying fashion. I recommend carefully doing everything in as few removals of the back as possible. The build quality truly is excellent, as long as it doesn't creak.Storage:The microSD slot provides ample opportunity to expand the mediocre 8GB of internal storage. However, that doesn't help when Spotfiy can only use the internal storage, and when Nokia Here can only download maps to internal storage. If I could put my Spotify music on the microSD card, I would be perfectly content with the storage situation. This is absurd. We're talking about a change in file paths being all that stands in my way. This should be fixed, yesterday.Overall, an excellent device I have no trouble recommending to anyone.

I use it like a ipod only so much more.  I decided not to spend 30 a month for data plan, so this Lumia goes with me for WiFi use.  You will not be disappionted with a Nokia.

can't wait for windows 8.1 update! excellent phone for the price! the OS doesn't compare to iOS or android but you get what you paid for.

Don't waste your time or money on any of the other go phones. I, myself have, and I know from personel experience that the avail and what ever the other one was called (they were both basically the same anyway) were nothing you want to spend money on. this phone is a steal for the price. get it and you wont regret it. i am blown away at all the features and quality. the only thing i wish it had was a light on the back for the camera. that would make this phone simply outstanding.

After reading several reviews for the Nokia Lumina 520 we purchase one new in September 2013.  For the most part the reviews were spot on... a decent phone for an excellent price... all was good and no complaints.However,  3 months into our purchase the on/off button stopped working.  Took the phone to At&T; store nearby who forwarded us to the AT&T; warranty dept.  They acknowledged that the phone needed to be replaced but even on a 3 month old phome they replace it with a &#34;Remanufactured&#34; one. Not so Great!  They assured me the replacement would be as &#34;good as new.&#34;A week later Phone #2 arrived.  Right out of the box it had an issue...The phone would completely shut down and restart whenever a text was sent.  Back to At&t; Store and again we were put in touch with the AT&T; warranty dept.  Again they acknowledged that the phone needed to be replaced.  After spending 30 minutes with the representative begging for a &#34;new &#34; phone, the only thing they &#34;could&#34; do is send out a remanufactured device.A week later Phone #3 arrives.  It seems to work fine but a week into using we noticed the battery was being depleated even when it was turned off.  Back to AT&T.;  This time warranty sent out a new battery hoping to resolve the situation.  It did not.  Trip #4 to the At&T; store.  By now I enter the store and I feel like Norm on &#34;Cheers&#34; everyone knows my name.  This time I let a store represenative help me with the warranty people.  As in the past we were offered a remanufactured device.  I refused.  They told me at first this was my &#34;only&#34; option.  I told them I wanted a differnt phone altogether. They told me they could not do that.  After having the store rep speak to the warranty people they offered me a $29 slider phone as a replacment.  What a joke!  After 45 minutes on the phone they finally offered an LG Optimus G.  We took it.So you as a buyer haved a decision to make.  Do you take your chances on the Nokia 520.  Sure we could have had a run of bad luck and gotten 3 bad phones out of 3.  I am not sure of the odds on that but it seems to me like more than bad luck and more likely a qualtiy control issue with Nokia.  Further, I can assure you that you do not want to deal with the AT&T; warranty dept. My experience is that they could care less about you as the customer... it is all about the bottom line and giving the customer the least they can get away with.My adivce would be to at the very least look at other phones.  Sure the Nokia Lumina 520 is tempting but I can tell you that in the long run it was not worth the trouble for me.

I have had android phones in the past, but I really enjoy this phone. The app store from Windows still has a lot of catching up to do, but there are a lot of them that you want on it.

Phone works fine and is a value due to the price.

A phone that cannot be used outside of the US.& Mexico  - useless a complete waste of my Money $$$$

If you're looking for a dead simple smartphone but have no interest in spending big bucks for an iphone plus the required contract the 520/521 is the phone for you.  Windows Phone 8 runs perfectly on it, only a small lag time in starting up big apps in comparison to the more full featured one like the 920.  Seriously don't waste time looking at the budget android phones they are almost as a rule terrible.I'd also recommend this phone to anyone that needs a backup or a likely to get damaged/lost phone.

this was a bargain! bought it for my wife for Christmas because her phone broke and she was using a rental. This may be a go phone but brought it right to AT&T store and they changed the sim and got it all hooked up. Thanks for a great product and an even better price!

This phone works great as a replacement phone for my daughter. It works the same as the phone she had. I highly recommend.

I have had my old phone for ages, and my husband talked me into getting this.  I love the interface, it is so easy to use, and great quality.

This phone replaced my Samsung Focus (very crappy phone). So far the Lumia 520 has been exceeding my every expectation. People complain about the camera, as low end as it may be, it take great pics. It doesn't have a flash so you cannot take low-light pics, but the phone is only $60! You do have to be still as the pics will blur a lot easier, but again, the phone is only $60. The only negatives that I can come up with (right now) are these 2: 1 - no flash means no flashlight. 2- it uses a micro-sim card so I had to switch my old sim over (no problems there, ATT was very friendly and helpful in this manner). This could be a problem though as if this phone dies, I can't just put the sim in one of my old phones and use it. To fix this problem, I will just get another Lumia 520 as a back-up. After all, this phone is only $60. Two of them are still cheaper than most other phones. If any problem develop, I will update this review.

I agree with the other comments about this phone. I highly recommend this to anyone who wishes to upgrade without spending an arm and a leg, but still wants a quality device. Nokia knocked this out of the park. I love my new phone!

Great little dev device for $60, well worth it. Lacks the premium feel of other Lumia devices, the only real issue is the low end screen, but again, $60 off contract.

Good phone.Not as much apps as android.But does have alot of good exclusive ones. Speaker is very loud.don't like how you have to watch a video side ways only.  But all around 4 stars for me

Essentially, the phone has all the basics, is easy to figure out and does what it is asked.  The battery really lasted long, especially since I turned off all the unnecessary apps and did not keep data connected when I didn't need to.  The screen is big and clear and pleasant to work with.  The images flip sideways when you turn the phone.  Unfortunately, I am more concerned with things that disappoint me, such as the quiet alert tones that come with the phone and which cannot be replaced with downloaded ones.  One Note, a quick note taking program, requires signing up with a username that stores your notes in a cloud and not on the phone.  You can pin each note to the start page, but otherwise, you must store it off the phone.  There is no "delete" button and you must use the "Back/Left" arrow to backtrack, leaving all your paths to be retraced.  My biggest beef, however, is that I need browser flexibility which the phone does not have.  I need to link quickly from emails to a work website, but the Internet Explorer browser on the phone requires that I sign in with a password on that website every time I link to it.  Explorer can be bypassed for other internet browsing, if you download another one that Windows phones will take (not Opera mini), but emails still must use Explorer, so that doesn't help me.  Just be prepared when you buy such a phone that you will have to love being a Microsoft and Windows patron.

Very nice looking phone with smooth OS and a very low price! Unfortunately in Malaysia still cannot unlock it at the moment.

The Lumia 520 is a great value for a smartphone. Windows Phone 8 provides an intuitive interface and the Nokia hardware is excellent.

The Nokia 520 and its T-Mobile equivalent Nokia 521 are great starter phones to get people into the Windows Phone ecosystem.  The difference comes down to the initial price difference (right now the 520 is $10 cheaper than the 521 on Amazon), coverage, and the no-contract, prepaid plans.  Be sure to check the AT&T; (and T-Mobile sites for the 521) for prepaid plans.For me, the biggest difference is in the data plan.  AT&T; GoPhone charges extra for data use overages while T-Mobile prepaid will throttle your data speed on the overage but doesn't charge extra for the overage.  Also, the 520 doesn't have the Data Sense app which is comes with Windows Phone 8 devices sold by other carriers.  AT&T; replaces Data Sense with its own data use monitoring app.  Of course, if you use the 520 as a wi-fi only device (as another reviewer suggested), additional charges for data overages shouldn't be a problem.

Bought this for my adult daughter; we are out of our at&t contract, & I have no desire to sign another contract.  I bought this, and she couldn't be happier with it.  She loves it!  I have been so impressed with it that I will be purchasing another one, for myself this time, in the very near future!

The first Nokia Lumina 520 that I purchased was defective (one of the tray/guides for the micro SIM card were bent).  Kudos to Amazon for taking it back with no issue.  The second Nokia Lumina 520 that I was sent won't recognize the micro SIM card from my Galaxy S3.  The SIM card is identical in size, but it is a contract plan and from what I read that should not be an issue.I will see if local (50 miles away) can help with the issue, but ATT has proven useless in the past as far as helping a customer of over 14 years.  Right now I have a Nokia paperweight. On top of that, now I see it's a lightning deal and is $10 cheaper.

I elected so economical and that said that served to other countries outside the USA. but the product is good for Colombia, took a month trying to unlock and could not I need the code to unlock and extend the side which has use in Colombia.I do not like to buy it because I read that served for use in other countries outside the United States and since he came to Colombia I could use it by asking for a unlock codenot recommend this seller to send me the unlock code to use the phone in Colombia.

hello, I've purchased 3 of these phones a few days ago as unlocked phones. When i arrived to Africa to use it here,I figured that it wasn't. Im wondering  what i should do to fix this problem because Im in need of these phones as soon as possible. Can you please send me the unlock codes or help solve this problem. thanks

I had purchased this Item and Was delighted when I got it, Awesome Interface. But When I Accidently Dropped it My Screen Came off and Detached from the digitizer. Was unable to get it fixed by the carrier. :(

I have had this phone for about 3 months and I am SOOOO happy with it! Very easy to use and having no contract is great

What I like about Nokia phones is that they are really durable. This phone is very dependable and easy to use. This is great just great.

Better not to buy this product if you have plan to unlock it from AT&T.; If you try to submit the unlock request from AT&T; site, it will say below error message.&#34;We do not have a record of the IMEI you entered. Please verify the IMEI entered is correct by dialing *#06# on your device.&#34;

Works well and really seem familiar for a Windows user.  Great camera functions.  Graphics adequate for smartphone beginner.  Really great for beginners.  Bing voice command search functions well even with my accent.  Touch is responsive; sound is adequate. Battery life is good.  Youtube and other webbrowsing speed is fine--havent tried downloads and games on this one yet.The phone comes preloaded with some ATT apps (navigator (GPS/map), Yellow Pages, office mobile apps), mobile radio/TV,  Has calculator, calendar and voice recording functions. Nokia Music, ESPN Hub and Weather Channel.... plus other functions/apps.  Overall great phone for the price.  At $59.99, cheapest price for this phone too.

Consider the following:Pros:Good hardwareCameraThe 5MP camera is very goodThe 4G and wireless connectionsMicro SD slot up to 64GBFor this price there is nothing betterThe operating system is really fast and responsive, much better than the little android Ram.ConsNo FlashNo webcam

i was told by someone that this has a front cam and that is the reason why i bought this ......i cant write all the things i hate because the list is really big..........

This thing is a beast! If you are going to use this with straight talk plans, you will need the  $45 plan. Doing all that and then update the APN and such. This does connect to the 4g towers with at&t. In short, this is a great buy and with adequate protection  with a screen. Protector and even just a tpu case this is a wonderful phone.

I didn't even buy it here but I am writing in because plain and simple it's the best phone I've eve had.  Had to get used to Bing maps - now I lioke them better than google maps.  Other things I am still getting used to like calendar but honestly this phone gets a 4.8 or higher in every category.  I paid $80 and it *blows away* my $195 at the time LG Optimus L9 which I'd bought 8 months earlier and which after 1-2 months got slower and slower and slower, regardless of background app setting modification.Plain and simply the best.

My sim card doesn't work on the phone, because it is not the same operator,I buy it because the phone came with no contract and free to be used, could you help me by sending the code for that cell can be used with any mobile operator,Thanks

This phone does everything the average person would ever need a phone to to. Enough apps to do most everything you need, nice screen, functions perfectly, and is very inexpensive. My phone service is with AT&T and coverage is 4G. The wi-fi works as it should and with apps like Viber you can call without using minutes. I love my Windows phone!

I bought this for $50, then bought a 64gb micro SD for under $40.  I now use the 520 as a 72gb media player replacing my Zune HD.  It also serves as a backup phone for my AT&T; sim.  The only cheap phone that might have a similar value is the Moto G for $179.  For under $150, there is nothing even close.Pros:- Price, price, price.  And it's actually a pretty good phone.- Windows Phone 8 is a simple, easy to use OS and runs smoothly on the hardware.- Actually has some accesories available since sales have been pretty good.- Hardware specs pretty good for price.- Micro SD card slot for additional memory- Removable battery- Nokia maps and navigation programs are great.  You can download worldwide maps and use the device even if it is not connected to the internet.Cons:- only 512mb system memory imposes some limits.  Most people will not notice.- No flash and average camera.  The weak LED flashes are pretty useless anyway.- No front facing camera- WP8 app limitations.Remember this is a phone that sells in the US for as little as $40 with no contract.  If you are expecting it to work like a $700 iPhone or Galaxy S4, you will be dissapointed.  If you want a high end phone, but want to save money, get an on-contract for $200.

This is my 2nd NL 520 using straight talk account.  This phone does just what I need, email, text and Office as well as a good net connection.

Got this phone because I found it CHEAP.  My phone was an old Razr and I LOVED that phone, however,  it needed a new battery which cost MORE than I found this Nokia phone for.  Needing to conserve money, I bought the phone since it was cheaper that day.  Gotta say, I was SUPER surprised at how much  I like this phone.  My son (the gadget guru in our family) said I was an idiot to not go android, BUT I'm an older professional woman who doesn't need (or want) all the apps that son needs for his job.Sound is good.  I can hear and those on the other side of the line can hear me.  That's a huge plus....I've tried phones with much higher price tags that are awful in this area.  Texting is very easy even with the onscreen keyboard.  Battery life is amazingly good for what I use it for.  Days at a time instead of hours.  It also seems to charge quickly compared to those my family uses.  Photos are FANTASTIC on this thing.  LOVE that feature and now I don't need to carry my camera when out on a research trip.  It also has GPS in it that can work WITHOUT being connected to the 3G which is a nice touch.  I don't always have to carry my GPS now.I was also pleasantly surprised at how easy this screen is to read.  The colors can be altered to suit your preference and vision and it's large enough that I can read a text without my reading glasses if need be.  The windows interface was quite simple for me to use.....much easier than my son's android, actually.My only complaint was that while decorating for an event recently, I had the phone in my back pocket so it was handy.  During this day, it froze on me three times.  It's never done it BEFORE that or SINCE that day.  SO, I'm not sure what that was about, although I never keep it in a pocket.  NOt sure if it got hot or whatever, but it did freeze up on me.  Rebooting it fixed it, but I was concerned.  It's not happened since, though, and has been a real workhorse for me.I"ve been a user for over 5 months now, and so far it's doing its job. I even have service in places I never have before, and living in rural America, you can imagine how important that is.I think it was a good purchase, especially for the price I paid.  However, if you're really into the gadgets, you WILL be disappointed in the app offerings....didn't matter to me because what it DOES do is perfect for my lifestyle AND the call quality was really the important feature for me.

Crappy phone. I got this as a temp replacement when I broke my iphone screen. Arrived with a 2&#34; charge cord...not so useful. SIM card slot smashed and phone is overall slow.

So I have used about every smartphone OS, except Symbian.I have had several iPhones and Android phones, used to have a Blackberry Torch also.Microsoft and Nokia are doing something smart and right.This OS works.  This OS is great.This phone is great.  Nokia is doing something Samsung, LG, and Huawei really have been doing.  Sure, Apple does the 3rd oldest phone as a &#34;budget phone&#34; that's how I got the iPhone 4 for free.But Nokia is doing it with Windows Phone 8 OS.Sure, they have high end phones and even mid range phones, (e.i Nokia Lumia 920 and 820 respectively) but not a entry-level smartphone, at least one that really took off.  Windows Phone 8 OS now has 10% world wide market share with smartphones, and this is the most bought windows phone.It's great, I recommend it, no, it's not the biggest app store in the world, but Windows Web Store is growing.  The OS is fast and great, and if you have a Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 tablet or laptop, there is almost no learning curve at all.The phone itself is an entry-level smartphone, so remember that when going in, it doesn't have flash, and it doesn't have NFC or a front facing camera, but everything else works great.Right now, I have the original iPhone, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, Samsung Captivate, and Sharp FX Plus, and now this.I think this is my favorite, and my go to phone for the time being, for quite awhile.Get a windows phone, Get a Nokia Lumia, if you get one, at least get this.Help Nokia and windows phone survive, so it's not just a war of iOS an Android.  Make there be real diversity in the smartphone market.

I love this phone. I don't usually go with high grade phones because the're so many issues in it. I prefer to use low grade phones.. Nokia is a very simple phone and easy to use, and the battery is better. It last longer than other smart phones. This phone is Build in high quality.. Great phone!

I LOVE THIS PHONE.THE PICTURES ARE NICE AND CLEAR.THE NUMBERS ARE LARGE AND THE PHONE ITSELF IS LOUD.THANK YOU VERY MUCH.

I really like the Nokia Lumia 520 it's very very fast but it has one down flawit has a very ,very,very,very short battery life even if you do not play a lot of games or video or online activities. other than that it's a great phone I have to recharge the battery every day or every other day. I am thinking of ordering another battery just in case the battery that comes with the phone might very well be the problem.Update 3/24/2014this is an update from first review. previously i talk about the very short batterylife of the Nokia Lumia 520. I found out that you have let the phone charge forat least 4 hours or more even though the battery icon says full it's not fullycharged, so now i that I realized this I get more battery time than i originallythought

It work good without problems, just it comes bloqued for AT&T so I have to unlock with a company to use it.

Good live evenings Venezuel need you to help me buy the December 18, 2013 one nokia lumia 520 whose order is 111-9613906-3646633 and the phone not this released, I am not a customer of the company AT & T, I want to put a line movistar .I require to release the unlock code, I appreciate your help as the team I buy it from Amazon,I hope I can solve this problemattentivelyDelkis Medina.attentivelyDelkis Medina

Excellent smart phone, fully loaded for the money spent.App store is developing, hope it will be definitely a competitor for ios and android.

I find the Windows-driven operating difficult at best after experiencing Android-driven and iPhones. Maybe I am a creature of habit, but it is what it is.

Best price for an ATT new smart phone. Good looking easy to use with micro SIM (mindful, I had to cut mine). May not have all the bells and whistles compared to other high priced phones, but with Windows OS, Wi-Fi, 5mp camera, 8GB internal memory, can use up to 32GB micro SD for additional storage, Not very happy with the app store (like Android app store better). I am getting all I wanted for the price I wanted to pay. Bottom line: very good phone for starters for regular use with very attractive price.

this was a great gift for my girlfriend, she loves the phone and got some nice cases for it she loves it

The phone of iteself is not bad for a low end phone but be prepared it will remain locked for 6 months putting on a monthly plan.  At which time you can request At&T to unlock it for you.

Bought 4, and all 4 of us love this phone.  Works great with our Consumer Cellular plan.  I highly recommend it.

i had ordered this phone the 1 st diidnt worki got the second phone & still didnt work very frustrating

Given the MSRP for this phone, you have to set some expectations. But then you realize it doesn't carry a 2-year agreement. You can use this phone out of the box on an AT&T; Prepaid (GoPhone) line or on AT&T; postpaid (contract) plans. It comes with a Micro SIM card and GoPhone activation kit in the box.It performs great! I've owned a Lumia 920, HTC 8x, Lumia 822, and a few older WP7 devices. This, just like any other Windows Phone, feels smooth and fluid throughout. Sometimes when a larger operation (filtering a photo, opening a big app) takes place, you will notice a "Resuming..." screen for a split second. Otherwise, it's every bit as smooth as any other Windows Phone. You can't really say that about an Android device at this price point.Pros1) Price! This phone can be used as a daily driver, backup phone, "I dropped my other phone in the toilet and I'm not due for an upgrade" phone, or even just a device you use with WiFi only.2) The software library for Windows Phone is getting there. It still doesn't have Instagram, but it has everything else you could really want.3) Comcast Xfinity remote lets me control my TV/DVR with this thing. It's like I got an amazing touch screen smart remote for free.4) First-party Xbox apps. Xbox Smartglass lets you use this as a makeshift Xbox 360 controller. Xbox Live lets you keep track of anything like achievements, recently played, your avatar, etc.5) Nokia Music lets you stream lots of music. FOR FREE!6) Nokia HERE (Maps, Drive) are awesome! You can download GPS maps for offline use. Use it in the car for turn-by-turn directions, or use it while you're out and about for mapping. If this was the only feature this device had, it would be worth the MSRP!7) You can swap the cover! If you get tired of the plain black color on this device, you can easily buy a colored variant from Nokia and just swap it out. The yellow one looks amazing!Cons1) There's no Front Facing Camera, so video calls are out.2) It only has 512MB of RAM, which limits some apps. I've noticed very few that haven't been able to install, and none of them are deal-breakers.3) The camera is 5MP, has no flash, and rather poor. But - it's still comparable or better than any Android device I've tested at this price point.4) The display isn't the best, but what can you expect for the price? It's crisp and readable at WVGA resolution, and the nature of Windows Phone really makes up for any other shortcomings the display may have. The colors are pretty good, considering it's an IPS panel.Note: I purchased this device directly from AT&T; at full MSRP + sales tax. Any of my comments are based on that price point, which is definitely the upper limit you will see for this device. This phone is already listed cheaper here on Amazon just 3 days after it was released.UPDATEThis phone (retail packaging from AT&T;) DOES come with a USB cable. I previously stated that it did not, which is incorrect.

Use it as my daily driver, love this device and the price is fantastic.  Will not find a better phone for the price!

While the phone is rather crippled: no compass, no flashlight, no NFC, modest 5mpx camera, it's the kind of limitations I can live with at this price point.The device is less than the cost of one month's ATT GoPhone service plan (or prices of some of the fancy iPhone cases). Also fair to point out that this device retails for about $150 in the rest of the world. I think, had it been priced globally for $59 like here, it would be the world's best selling phone of all times.Now having rubbed in the affordability of the proposition, let's look at what it has to offer:- Genuine high quality Nokia smartphone. (And those US-run-Finns know how to make quality products that appeal to the US market.) The device is just beautifully made with nothing to complain about.- Robust to drops even without a protective case. Having used it for a month I realized that I had dropped the phone so many times on hard surfaces (including pavement and bathroom tile) and it is still fine aside from minor scratches around the edges. I know my iPhone bearing friends broke their screen this way. Nokia Lumia 520 just pops the back cover off and keeps safe.- Size it a perfect fit in your hand and it's slim too. Nice to grip in a call or hold while tapping away an email.- A great introduction to Windows Phone 8 (key reason I got it). WP8 is notorious for great integration with Microsoft Outlook service and I really wanted to try it out without getting stuck with the device for two years or committing $699 for a "contract free" top tier Lumia.- The device has MicroSD slot so for another $36 I got a 64Gb memory card and effectively got more storage than the largest iPod Touch to put most of my music collection on it.- The battery is removable, and while there is no reason you would want to swap it often as the charge last a full day of use, it is useful to have that functionality to swap the battery (removable BL-5J) and keep going in case you plan to be away from outlets for more than a day. I have a separate charging stand for Nokia batteries (DT-33) that can top off spares.- And last but not least, this holiday season as most places get wintery cold, you can keep your gloves on and still use the touch screen. Tested and it works!Bottom line: for under $100 you get a device functionally comparable to a 64Gb iPod that can also make calls and access high-speed LTE data. And no monthly commitment required.UPDATE: After about one month of usage I'd like to add that the quality of the DSP (digital sound processor) put into it by Nokia is terrific!!! It is clear, more or less powerful to drive common cans (headphones), and has crisp trebles and substantial lows.Surprisingly plugging in my Fiio headphone amplifier does very little to improve on the great base line this phone has. (Only some difference on my high impedance AKG Q701 reference headphones.)

As long-time Mac user, I was skeptical about a Windows phone, but I'm finding the Windows 8 for mobile quite easy to use and customize. It is really smooth to use and easy to change as my needs for what I want up front change. There are only a couple apps that I use that I can't get but then those are Google apps so it is not surprising. WiFi and the mobile hotspot features are very fast and easy to use. The Lumia really does everything I need, and does it well.

It is not user friendly Phone and not comfortable.It may be starter Kit but not for regular smart phone users.Thanks.

I&#8217;ve been waiting for a phone like this for a long time &#8211; that is, a reasonably-priced, no-contract device that does not have to apologize on quality, performance, or style. I&#8217;m no technophobe (I work in an IT related field) but I&#8217;ll admit it, I&#8217;m a cheapskate. I&#8217;m not interested in putting a large amount of my paycheck towards a fancy phone or unlimited-everything contract. By managing my phone use and relying on wi-fi as much as possible, I can get all the calls, texts and cellular data I need for 10 bucks a month. The problem is, there hasn&#8217;t been a good selection of phones that give me the performance I want, at the price I&#8217;m willing to pay. That&#8217;s where the Nokia 520 comes in! I give it 5 stars not because it&#8217;s necessarily a perfect phone or OS, but because the value here is incredible. I can see why this is being snapped up all over the world. A lot of reviewers have commented that it&#8217;s a good &#8220;starter&#8221; smartphone, which it may be, but the only thing &#8220;starter&#8221; about it is the price. Sure, it doesn&#8217;t have the specs of a flagship phone and won&#8217;t appeal to everyone, but in my estimation it&#8217;s a very good phone that should be fine for most average users.After using the phone for a month, here&#8217;s a few specific thoughts:- I haven&#8217;t experienced any lagging, freezing, or need for restart &#8211; something that cannot be said for my previous phone which cost over twice as much.- I like the feel and responsiveness of the phone hardware. I have used other Nokias in the past and they have all been solid as a rock hardware-wise. I hope this does as well.- About the battery, with wi-fi discovery turned off and screen brightness set to auto, I typically have about one-half of the battery left at the end of the day. There was one day that some app or another (I&#8217;m guessing) drained the battery way down so I&#8217;m being more careful about what I leave open.- Camera so far is working well for me when the lighting conditions are decent. I use a real camera anyway for stuff I really care about. Plenty of options available for editing and uploading photos.- So far I like using the Windows Phone 8 OS. It was really easy to set up personal and work email accounts, etc. Navigating around is easy and kind of fun. I like all the info you can see right on the lock screen, let alone the home screen &#8220;live tiles.&#8221; The web browser has worked fine for what I need. I&#8217;ve adapted well to the onscreen keyboard and I&#8217;m becoming a big fan of the predictive text. I&#8217;m also using the voice commands more as I learn about the phone&#8217;s capabilities. Recently at a day at an amusement park, I used the voice command to speak and send texts back and forth with my wife, and it translated what I said great despite all the ambient noise. I understand some of the criticism of WP8 regarding some nuances and settings it would be nice to have. But here again, nothing for me has been a big deal and they seem to be listening to customers and adding improvements with each release.- Nice to have the free downloadable maps and turn-by-turn navigation. Works great with no data costs.- Availability of apps for Windows Phone has been a deal-breaker for some. Statistics show that most people REALLY only use a handful of apps and this is true for me. So far, I&#8217;ve found what I needed. (I&#8217;m a busy dad and mostly use my phone as a tool, not something I spend hours entertaining myself with.) A warning though, I&#8217;ve run into a couple apps and games that require a higher-powered phone, but nothing I really cared about.- It&#8217;s nice to have the Office apps on here so I can open docs I get from work, etc. I&#8217;m also getting into using OneNote.- The latest thing I&#8217;m loving is the Xbox Music Pass. Unlimited music downloads and/or online listening for a REALLY reasonable subscription price. I&#8217;m on a trial now but I think I&#8217;m gonna keep this one. Music is my one big weakness for spending money!To sum up, all I can say is, I think a lot of consumers (in the U.S., particularly) are hoodwinked into thinking they HAVE to have such and such phone on an expensive monthly contract. But if you&#8217;re like me and you have better things to do with your hard-earned money, then get this phone with a prepaid service and join me in laughing all the way to the bank!

The phone is good for a low end spec phone. The audio quality is awesome on this phone and Windows 8 is so easy to use.

I have had this phone for about a month and I really like it. Its pretty fast for a dualcore 1ghz with only 512 ram, also the phone runs well on 8.1, no need for the more expensive 920. Its nice having a Nokia again as the brand was always my favorite since before the dawn of the smartphone.

I have purchased 2 of these phones for me and my grandson.Windows Phone 8 performs well even on minimal hardware.Really wish it had a flash and 1GB of RAM but still a great phone.

I bought this phone as a gift for a family member.  We already have an AT&T; family plan, and this GoPhone worked with their AT&T; SIM just fine.Now they can talk and text and use email & apps on WiFi without having to sign a 2-yr contract or paying retail for a new phone.Windows Phone is pretty good, but this will mainly be used for talk/text/picture text, not so much &#34;smartphone&#34; stuff like email and surfing, so I'm not rating it based on that.  For $70 or less its tough to go wrong!

Nokia quality comes shining through. Plenty of apps available too. For the money I doubt if there's anything on the market that can beat it.

I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for someone and have had to exchange it three times already because different issues with the phone.

Works great on Airvoice (ATT) for $10/month. For dirt cheap, try H2O for $10/three months. Just set APNs (under the cellular and messaging settings). Data use is minimal despite no rooting or firewall, just keep data off until you want to use it. Strong radios, handy size, SD card slot, replaceable battery, FM radio. Apps store is surprisingly good. Favorite apps: myTube (plays in background, saves vids), HERE Drive (turn-by-turn with free state maps), Connectivity Tiles by Mara, MoliPlayer, Nokia Camera Beta, Nokia Xpress and UC browsers with compression, TuneIn Radio, gMaps (w street view), Chase app, Amazon app, PC Remote, Weather Channel (official). I tried Asphalt 8 Airborne, which is kind of fun. You'll probably have to delete some unused apps to make room for it tho. SD card is used only for music, pics and videos. Tip: delete the sample images.My two main gripes are there is no compass for hiking and there is no setting to have the screen stay awake when plugged it. For the latter, I use Alarm Clock by Inhuman which puts a clock on the screen and keeps the phone wake. This also helps mitigate the fact that there are no clock tile apps since tiles are only allowed to update every 30 mins. You can side-load the HTC one with a hack, tho. I actually like having no lights on the buttons (annoying in bed) and rarely use camera flash but do miss having a flashlight. You can get apps which will use the screen as a light but you have to set brightness to max to make them very usable. There is no equalizer for music but it sounds very good as it is. Get some good earbuds like Creative EP630 when they are on sale for $15.Folders are now available as a Nokia app. Many features will be added with WP 8.1. There is still one update to come thru in the meantime, "Black".

I purchased to try out the new features of windows phone 8 and was pleased. Going from a samsung focus with 7.5 mango there are a lot of similarities. Some of my old apps I think I need to repurchase which was my main idea with sticking with WP.I suggest looking in the store to get the old windows maps app back for free. I really like that feature on my old phone and nokia put something else in its place that seemed a lil clunky.

this was a great phone for a small price thank you it has every thing packed in a windows phone

I started using this last week, phone is compact and good windows app.cons:-Less battery lifeThe camera button is too hard to take picture

I bought this phone through att directly and thought well it looks like it'll work. It didn't. I couldn't use apps like certain games and even Facebook. For the $90 I paid,  it wasn't worth it at all.  I will NEVER buy another phone from Windows or Nokia.  After having it for only 2 1/2 months,  I wanted to throw it down the side of a mountain. So I paid for a Samsung galaxy express for $250 through go phone and it works better. For the price i pAid for this one,  it was worth it. Don't buy the Nokia lumia phone because it isn't worth it.  Go for a Samsung. You see $90 and under phones Don't buy it.  I learned that after the amount i paid for two other same priced smart phones.

I grew up using Windows based platforms, so it was a no-brainer for me to pick a Windows based Smartphone.  I love it, its easy to use, very intuitive, if you are already familiar with Windows stuff.  I love that I can use Free Wi-Fi instead of a more expensive data package, this was one of its selling points for me, and it works very well.However, the batteries do not last long, and as a middle-aged person, I am not a heavy user of All The Things, as my younger friends are.  If you seriously use the heck out of your smart phone, consider an upgrade, otherwise, great phone for the $$.Oh, and one other thing, get a stylus for this thing, it will be far easier for you to use, IMHO.

I got this phone because I needed something for when I do side work.  The Windows phone 8 os is really easy to use.  I have all the same apps that my friends have on their Android phones.  The camera is good.  The battery life is great.  I recommend adding an SD card.  My one frustration with the phone is only having 8 gigs of memory.  Right now you can only install apps to internal memory- not the sd card.  The ability to store to an SD card is coming in the Windows Phone 8.1 update.  The Nokia drive app is awesome- and it does not use data- unless you want traffic.  When you do get traffic- it is a minimal amount of data.  One thing to note- since I am on wifi almost the entire time I use the phone- I had planned on not getting data.  It turns out there are two areas you need data- one to be notified you have a message and for receiving texts from certain phones.  I signed up for the 5 dollar a month plan on data and have never gone over.  I am amazed at the amount of places that offer wifi now.  Anyway- it is a great value and a great phone.

I bought this phone and has been using it till now with no problems what so ever. Very nice phone ha a lot of features with it that I can use everyday thanks guys

no phone service at all, only WIFI, GPS and X-box works, this phone can only used by taxi drivers on the road.

I bought this thinking I could use it for a post paid account without a data plan. Unfortunately, the AT&T rep informed me that the network would find out if I'm using a smartphone and it would immediately charge me data. So I just gave the phone to my son and got him an MVNO sim. It worked great with a pay go plan without data and used wifi instead.

selling at $90 for a dual core latest smart phone with a cost of $160 , what a great deal, hurry up, it won't last. I highly recommend it to all Amazoners !!!Here is a value list of what you will get with 90 bucks:A 5 MP camera;A GPS with turn-by-turn voice guidance with life time latest precise navteq maps;A 4 inch LCD screen with great resolution at 800x480;A dual core 1 GHZ CPU;A Great email box that push and pull emails from ANY mailboxex real-timely with HTML5 email reader;A IE10 mobile browser;A Office 10 mobile with Word,Powerpoint, Excel;A skype to freely talk world-widely;A mobile phone that replaces your land-line fixed phone readily;A Wi-fi High Speed Internet hotspot that allows all your home PCs to connect to internet at 4G speed;A xbox game box and xbox glass remote control;A MP3 music player with free nokia mix music;A HDTV that plays youtube, netflix, amazon instant video, comcast xfinity;A banking ATM that allows you to deposit your checks to chase bank or bank of america right in your home;A super shopping cart that allows you to purchase from amazon, ebay, walmart, home depot right from your home;A kid corner that allows your kid to play and learn the world right from it;......

u cant do much with it and u cant get a lot of apps or take a lot of photos

It's work and cheap. Super. Amazing phone with Windows 8.I recomend this phoneI recomend this phoneI recomend this phone

For the price, this phone is as good as it gets ! Very functional, easy to use and a great web site to learn the fine points of operation or just for general questions.

I absolutely hated this phone at first, because its loaded with Microsoft spyware, and if you have special charachters in your microsoft account password, suprise, you won't be able to login to the app store. So microsoft is a moron(big suprise), but once you get past that its a great phone.  My home screen comprises of phone, messaging, explorer, settings, calculator, alarm, and one note and its perfect for me. If you are a nerd or use complex passwords, probably going to have to change them for the app store. If you're 99% of people, you will love this phone

This phone is great, especially for the price. There are only 2 things that i don't like about it. 1. There is no front facing camera.  2. There is no flash.  But other than that this is an awesome phone. I would definitely recommend it!

I'm a big 'no contract' person, and I've been a Tracfone and net10 user since I first got a cell phone over 12 years ago. Recently I decided to upgrade to a smartphone and I bought the Net10 ZTE Illustra. HUGE mistake. That thing only had like 150 MB of internal memory, so when I took it out of the packaging, it downloaded updates and was immediately full. It wouldn't let me transfer anything to the memory card either. I returned that sucker immediately and bought this. Though I hate Windows 8 for a computer, it's fantastic for a phone or tablet. This phone is absolutely wonderful. There are a couple of drawbacks which aren't a huge problem for me but might be for someone else (there's no front-facing camera, there isn't a huge choice of apps - can't get goodreads, can only get Instagram Beta, can't get my local newststation's weather app, etc.). What really drew me to this phone was that it clearly stated on the package that it has 8 GB of internal memory and is upgradeable to 64 GB via microSD card. The screen is vivid, the phone easy to use. I could tell immediately that this phone was better than the other 'smart phones' offered by no-contract companies because of the heft of it. The camera is 5 MP, which I use a lot. It takes fantastic photos. And videos. Great phone. I highly recommend it.

I purchased two of these for my children and they enjoy the phones. They are 10 and 13. So this is perfect for them the use and it was an upgrade from their old phones

Got the best price on this phone on amazon and after purchasing it at the At & T store and receiving 2 duds they told me to buy the insurance but the insurance was half the phone price. On amazon I got the phone for half price and the warranty for it at $15 can't beat that deal!

So why only 3 stars? the only reason is AT&T.; Unless you have unlimited data, for the carrier to remove the built in data tracking app is pretty low down. AT&T; has a web based app (that is less than ideal as you use your data to check your data).On the plus side this phone works well on their no data prepaid plans, (would have considered one of their data packages but I have good access to WIFI and I would like to know how much I am actually using as apposed to how much AT&T; says I am using) If you go this route they will try to up sell you, and say that it is policy to sell data packages with smart phones but it works just fine without (multi-media messages work fine once configured)The phone it self is really good. Depending on use I get all day out of it (unplugged 7am plugged in at 9pm). The app store has a wide range and growing number of apps. It is more of an exception now not to find a windows phone version of an app (no square credit card reader yet).

This phone is  some junk, I just bought it and regret buying it because when you think that your phone is on it is rebooting., I don't recommend noone buy this junk, I'm very disappointed with this phone.

awesome phone for my money. i feel like i got the steal of the century. for the money this phone exceeded all of my expectations.

This phone has great features and is very easy to change the appearance. I really liked it (at first). After only a few months the power button does not work. The only way I can use this phone now is if someone calls me or if I plug it into the charger, then it turns on again. I received a replacement phone and again after a few months the same thing is happening. It's a cheap phone but I expected it to work better than this.

this is a very good phone. to me its easier to manage, than the phone I had before, which was a att fusion 2. I would recommended this phone to who ever likes windows 8.

had to get use to using a slider phone and all the features that go with it, but I am loving it!!!!!

The Nokia Lumia 520 is a superb phone. There is so much value in this phone, it is almost unreal.Pros:- Fast, Smooth, Intuitive user interface- Removable Micro SD Card & Battery (very inexpensive to buy extras)- Windows Phone 8 App Store is becoming more robust- Battery Life, Cell Reception, Data Speeds are all excellentCons:- Camera is decent quality and no flash (expected at this price)- No front facing camera (expected at this price)This is a feature rich smart phone at a remarkably low price. Highly recommended for someone as their first smart phone, someone who breaks/looses their phones a lot, and as a spare phone when traveling or just to experience WP8.Note: This phone is carrier locked by AT&T;.

Great phone for the price.  You can't find anything better at this price point.  The only other options run Android, which is horribly slow and lagging on low end devices.  Heck, it lags on high end hardware, imagine how bad it would be with a device spec'd similarly to the 520.If you're looking for a smartphone you'd have to crazy not to consider this device.  Windows Phone is continuing to evolve, and with Windows Phone 8.1 just around the corner (official July 2014) -- which I just loaded the pre-release recently -- it breathes a breath of fresh air into an already spectacular price to performance ratio.

IT'S A PRETTY GOOD SMARTPHONE,I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO WANTS A SMARTPHONE,THIS IS THE PHONE YOU SHOULD GET,I LIKE IT!

This is a good product for the low price.I love the features of the phone, and the smoothness of the operating system.The only bad things i can say is that there is no flash on the camera, which im not to mad about, for being this cheap they have to cut costs somewhere haha.And other than that, the lack of apps that windows phones have, im sure thats something hat will grow as the user base grows though, and dont be alarmed at me saying they have a lack of apps, any major app, like facebook, banking, skype etc etc are available, just not a lot of the major games you see from apple and android users, so you cant participate in those games with your friends.Would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a cost effective smart phone!

THIS PHONE IS A MESS.  BATTERY DIES AFTER 3 HOURS OF USE FROM FULL CHARGE.  VERY SLOW PROCESSING AND POOR QUALITY.  REASON I DID NOT RETURN IS THE PRICE WAS 49.99 I CANT COMPLAIN TOO MUCH SINCE IT WAS DIRT CHEAP.

The phone is beautiful, has many apps very nice. The only reason it didntget the full five stars is it doesnt have the front camera for skyping.

I first have to say how amazed I am by this phone. I was a little skeptical of the whole windows phone thing, but I have just been pleasantly surprised at every turn. I love the connectivity. And there's an Instagram beta now for Windows Phone (for those of you interested). It works great. You can pretty much do anything that an iPhone does, and for a lot cheaper. My only issue is getting my gmail synced with the phone...it really doesn't seem to want to work. As soon as I figure it out though, I might update this review. The touch screen works great, there are plenty of cases to fit this phone, the aesthetics are appealing, and it's not too heavy. I couldn't be happier with it. Unless I had my email synced.

no unlocker its very bad

Can't beat the price and love Windows Phone. Not a high end phone but no contract, great phone and Office included plus XBOX games.  Cant beat

When considering the Lumia 520, you have to take into consideration its price.  Some reviews will knock it for not having a front-facing camera, or for its comparatively low-resolution screen, but those comparisons are really unfair.  If you go to a Ford dealership to buy a car, you don't expect to be driving away in a Ferrari, so anyone looking at phones in this price range needs to be honest in their expectations.What Nokia has done is to create a phone that works spectacularly and prices it as a budget model.  And they've done that very, very well.  This little phone does everything that most $200+ (off-contract pricing) phones can do and does most of those things at least as well if not better.  A typical Android phone priced at less than $150 tends to have some major compromises, the primary one being performance.  Apple doesn't offer anything in that range.  The Lumia 520, on the other hand, (unless you count high-end games) doesn't compromise performance, and leaves out very few features.The phone even makes a great alternative to something like an iPod Touch (which start, BTW, around $200).  It makes a nice music player, especially if you add a microSD card for extra storage.  It makes a great GPS -- you can download maps ahead of time so you don't even need to have signal coverage for it to do door-to-door driving directions, and it uses Navteq maps, which are even better than Google's.  There are tens of thousands of really good games.  It holds onto weak cellular signals better than most phones out there.  And with Windows Phone 8.1, it makes a great personal assistant too.Here's the best part -- you don't really even have to sign up for an AT&T; account to use these features.  (An AT&T; SIM is required to get past the initial activation, but surely one of your friends has a SIM they'd let you borrow for a few minutes.)  Once the phone has been through its initial configuration it doesn't need cellular coverage any longer.  It continues to function great on WiFi only for everything except phone calls and texting (and even those issues can be overcome with something like Skype).  AT&T; probably wouldn't like me telling you this, but it is true.This really is a fantastic little phone.  Just don't expect to be getting all of the features of something else that would cost you $400 or more off-contract.  For what it costs it is an absolute bargain.

This is like a mini of my surface tablet. Have everything you like right at your fingertips. Good price for good phone

I got this phone for my son, and after that I order another one for my other son.  I've been looking for a practical, economic, and nice pay on the go phone, and so far this is the best.  It's friendly user, and synchronizes very nice with the surface tablet.  My sons are very happy with it, and so am I.

You have to understand you are getting the most basic of the series. No flash light on camera but it does everything else.I also wish Nokia would had a call  and message alert light of some sort.

It is a good phone. Pretty fast and even takes decent pictures

My first smartphone and I love it! Thought it would take me forever to learn, it didn't. I have seen other android phones, and I like the Windows phone better. So easy to use! If you have a Windows computer you will have no problem. I have games on there, so my son loves it, The camera takes wonderful pics, and comes with very cool apps for editing them. It doesn't have the front facing camera, but I don't need to take selfies anyway. I think for my next phone I will stick with the Nokia Lumia but upgrade the model. But for the price I absolutely LOVE this phone!!! Thanks Nokia for continuing to make great phones :)

Never got to use it. It was defective from day one. Wont charge at all or power on. Piece of garbage! I want my money back!!!!

Listed as a droid phone, THIS IS NOT A DROID!Be aware before purchasing, this phone is a windows phone and requires a microsoft account.You also will not be able to use your sim card with it, this phone requires a special SIM that is included w/ the phone, you will have to contact AT&T; to have the activate the sim for you if your using on a contract.

it's my first smart phone (I know it's about time) .finally broke down and got with the new tech.very ease to use if you are a windows user, it streamlines all your email and pictures .only wish it has a front camera..

I enjoy this phone. Easy to navigate and has a pretty good battery life. I'm not so much a techy person and was not interested in the iphone but did want a few gadgets and this phone provided more than I anticipated.

Great smartphone. Low price, loud, clear sound, excellent design and call qualityCons: weak battery, sometimes buggy power button and volume control

My first smart phone . Had for about a month now and like pretty much everything about this. Still learning how to use every thing but so far it is easy and fun to use.

My daughter happy to get it. At first she is hesitant but after using it she is very happy with the phone.

Can this phone work in other countries

Easy to understand,  and easy to navigate. Draw back no flash to camera and no speach to text. No easy to get all apps.

Very fluid movement, no lag. I'm really used to apple products so I was a little skeptical, but this is a very simple and easy to use phone for a great price. And 40$ a month for unlimited texting and 500 minutes? Can't go wrong with that. Very surprised!

Phone not usable outside USA, it is locked by att hence there is no meaning to provide option for shipping outside USA.giving two 2*s for camera Quality and other options provided for such low price. ($39.9-  with delivery and import tax $51)

I wanted to try any Windows smartphone. Ordered this one, and was impressed. For this money you couldn't buy any Android smartphone without contact, which will be as smooth and fast as this one.

This phone was the perfect answer for not buying an IPhone.  The price was right and I could use it with my Go Phone account.  It also gave me a chance to experience Windows 8 without buying a new PC that I did not need.  The apps for this phone are great.  I can even read my kindle books on it.

Great! Great! Didn't expected to work so nice, battery OK too. It's a great smart phone for day to day use.

Perfect affordable replacement phone when you kill your phone before contract ends.  Windows does take some getting used but its fairly simple.  Volume quality is great, screen quality is great and the battery last all ay something my previous HTC never did.

It was not made clear that this can't be used with service providers outside US and I have no intention of paying AT&T roaming charges. When I messaged the company, I was told the phone 'exceeded' the unlock requests even although it was just out the packet. So, until I have the time to trawl the internet for a decent answer, the phone is utterly useless. I find it difficult to believe that this phone can be shipped outside the US, but when I tried to order a phone cover, it can't be shipped to Hong Kong! It's probably made in China!

This phone is a cheap smartphone for those who don't mind limitation.  There are two screens with all your apps on the main screen and then again on the second screen, with other apps that you don't use.  On the main screen you can move things around and adjust the size of apps between a small square, a large square and a rectangle. However, the other screen doesn't give any options to move apps or adjust size. The only options on that screen are to pin the app to the main screen, or for certain apps, uninstall it.It is a good basic smartphone.  I would recommend this to people new to smartphones and those who drop their phones all the time, like me.

First I want to say that I am not a fan of Windows Phones at all.  In fact I really dislike them.  I owned a Lumina 820 a few months ago that's LCD screen died, and I was actually pretty happy that it did so I could move on to something else.  My problem with windows phones is not the OS, it is the app market, and that has not improved at all in the past few months since my previous windows phone died on me.So why did I buy this?  Quite simply it was because if the price.  I still have 11 must months to go on my contract and the phone I was using became very unreliable.  When it came down to it I needed a reliable phone to hold me over for a few months, and for $59 the Lumina 520 was too good a deal to pass up.I does the basic things that I need from a phone, I knew what I was getting into when I bought it, so I have to give it 5 stars.Windows phone 8 runs beautifully on this device.  It accepted my 32gb micro SD card with no problems.  Give me some apps that really let me take control of my phone and I could become a big fan of Windows Phone...The only con from the phone hardware itself is the lack of a flash for the camera.  I understand that Nokia wanted to keep the price down on this phone, but led lights are so cheap that I feel they could have included it anyway.

I have the AT&T; Go phone cell phone package, and I purchased this phone for $100. It's a great phone for not only that price but it's very high tech. I'm very satisfied with this phone, it's got a lot of offer for such a cheap price.PROS:great screen qualitynice camerafeels sturdy and strongSounds great/high volumefast processorcheap pricewindows software is efficient and easy to useChange display to lots of different colorsVoice processor works well for text/call for hands free use!CONS:no flashno front facing cameranot a variety of cases to choose fromyou use BING (I prefer google)OVERALL, it's a great phone and I highly recommend it

This is a very good phone for the price.I was surprised about the quality of sound, camera, and overall functionality.I really like the HERE app (Map/Gps) from Nokia, It's better than Google map and does not use up much battery.The best part is, you don't need a data plan to have a GPS app. You can download regional maps to the phone,and be able to use them without the need for data plan.

This phone won't set any speed records, but it runs the latest versioin of windows phone and performs decently. When you consider what you are paying for a no contract phone, this is an awesome deal. The Windows OS is so much easier to navigate than either IOS or Android.

Great phone at this price point. Been a few days, very happy with this phone - good set of feature, excellent responsive UI,

I would give it 10 stars if i could, its been great i will suggest this phone to all my friends!

highly recommended smartphone for person who need extra phone. although it is not the best phone in the world, i would recommend if someone need a smartphone.it doesn't have front-face camera and flash but it is so cheaper than the others!

The battery died within 2 months just out of the amazon return policy.not happy,a battery should last longer than this I think.cheap phone

Damaged my primary phone, wanted a temporary backup phone for few day, so I bought this. When I saw the price my expectation were very low but it came to surprise it works pretty well its a good smart phone its slow but what you pay is what you get.Overall I am happy with this.

The phone works well but it is not to my liking.The phone feels very light and cheap.No problems so far

It is too slow if you wanted to do any browsing you can't. And it OK if you have wifi

First smart phone that I have ever owned and it has surpassed all of my expectations. For everything it is able to do at a low reasonable price you just cannot beat it. True it is not one of the fastest but if you are looking for a good smart phone that won't break the bank and won't disappoint then you cannot beat the Nokia Lumia 520.

I bought this as a gift for someone but they can not seem to get it connected to the carriers down in Trinidad and Tobago for some reason.

Phone works great! I enjoy the windows operating system. Just like my computer.  I am very glad I made the switch

Good product, good price. This product is easy to use and is a good basic windows phone for only sixty bucks.

It's not a flagship device.It doesn't have a front-facing camera. Reviewers say that it does not have the greatest display (it seems fine to me though, and I have other phones to compare it with). The battery life is a little on the short side. It feels a little light in your hand.But it's under $100 and it's a great phone.I have experienced no difficulties with this phone. The dual core processor is excellent. The touchscreen is very responsive. The animations are fast and smooth. Netflix streams well. The browser is great, rendering pages quickly and nicely. The audio sounds good through both of my sets of earphones, and the built-in speaker is loud. The wifi and data connections are stable.Oh, and Windows Phone 8 is a revelation. I'm so surprised by how nice it is. I have an android tablet, an iPhone 4 (from work), and an HP Pre 3 (with WebOS), and Windows Phone 8 compares nicely. In fact, I would say that it's the most elegant interface of all of them in terms of appearance (hats off to the typographers and designers). In terms of user interaction, Windows Phone 8 is more intuitive and less clunky than Android, about on par with iOS, and not quite as nice as the ill-fated WebOS. But I digress.Now for the really good stuff: if you're a Canadian like me, you can buy this phone from Amazon.com. Shipping is FAST. It took about a week.If you don't put a SIM card in the phone at first, you can still start it up. It complains that there's no SIM, you press "OK" or something like that ("Dismiss" perhaps?) and on you go. If you put the phone in airplane mode, it won't repeat the SIM-missing message, and you can still toggle the wifi on and off. So you could just use this as a media/internet device, and not use the phone functions.The phone is carrier-locked to AT&T.; However, if you're outside the U.S. and you're somewhat technically inclined, this phone can be unlocked for a few dollars and used with a local cell service. Google and eBay are your friends. Do not unlock the phone yourself if you're an American, since it is illegal to do so in the U.S. AT&T; will unlock it for you (I can't tell if there's a service fee) after you've used the phone on their network for six months. [edit: apparently AT&T; has made the phone more difficult to unlock since I did it. Have a look at the forums on redflagdeals.com for more information]I highly recommend this phone. I don't think you can do better for the money.

I've had the chance to use this phone and compare it to my Nokia 920. Both are fast, easy to use. The Lumia 520 is nice because it's so small! The only downside to this phone is the lack of a front-facing camera and the build quality feels just a little less than solid than the 920. I would absolutely recommend it for someone looking for a good, reliable phone.

This phone is incredible considering its a go phone. We have att contract and broke my iPhone so we went &#34;cheap&#34; til upgrade time. By far this phone isn't cheap. Its fast, lots of free apps, nice screen size and easy to work!

REally dont like the new windows operating system. I dont like that i cant get a lot of my old apps on this phone because its a windows phone. i should have done more research before purchasing. i probably wouldve gone with another android operated hone

Great Phone for the price. I use it as a WIFI device and have no service with AT & T. Skype works really great. Nokia Here Maps and Navigation (you need to insert SIM card without activation to use these apps) are also great applications. Touch screen response, Microphone, and camera are pretty good. Battery life is ok. I have been using this device for the past 4 months- it is simple to use, and is excellent as an entry level smart phone. The updated operating system also has had some major improvements compared to the older version (that came with phone in Dec 2013).

I was looking for a temporary replacement to my iPhone 4s that is to expensive to just buy on a whim. I did not expect this phone to be so nice. The interface is clean, no real lag to speak of, and works perfectly on straight talk. Paying $45 for at&t;'s $60-80/month plan with straight talk.My main needs are for navigation, mobile music, and windows 8 sync .....this phone destroys the iphone 4 in those respects because of the here drive navi from nokia, the slot for a micro sd card, and skydrive. The navigation on this phone does not have the lag my previous phone did.I really didn't expect to even like this phone. The following sums it up without being a dramatic review troll;Nokia Lumina 520Avantree Jogger bluetooth headphones65gb micro sd cardStraight Talk sim card AND 1 month of the unlimited plan________________________________________________$158 shipped...doneVs.iPhone 4s replacement unlocked or not________________________________________________$337 - $500+ shipped.....http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords;=iphone+4s+64gb+unlocked&rh;=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Aiphone+4s+64gb+unlocked

I gotta say this phone is nice for the price, Sure its not the smartest smart phone on the market but it is a good one.I'm using this phone with H20 Wireless which piggybacks off the AT&T; network.The only real problem I have right now is that I cannot for the life of me able to find a app or figure out how to get wireless calling to work.Im trying to use my wifi at my home to call for free. Kinda like how you can make free calls with google voice on your computer.I was looking around on the internet and came across this program called Talkatone App but its only for Apple and Android. I just wish there was a program on the windows phone like talkatone11/15/2013 Update its been a week since i got the phone and im generally happy with the performance of this phone.Also I bought 2 of these phone at around 99 dollars and I asked Amazon if they could do anything for me since the phone is now 86 dollars.I will be getting the extra 13 dollars per phone. So Amazon rocks once again.

I purchased theNokia Lumia 520 GoPhoneas an amazing Gold Box deal last month.  I bought this phone as a phone upgrade gift for my mother.  We are just getting out of contract with AT&T; and are not interested in renewing for another 2 years.  The battery in the phone she currently had was dying so often and impossible to replace making this the perfect gift.  The lower price of this phone made it an appealing offer should we decide to dump AT&T; at a later date, and much much cheaper than an unlocked phone.What I most like about this phone is the simplicity of the user interface.  I upgraded my mom's computer to Windows 8 last year so she was able to get familiar with this phone real quick.  The live tiles are easy to move, position, and understand.  This phone has everything you need at start up: Office, Onenote, Offline maps and much more.  I was able to download the Facebook app and Kindle for Windows Phone app from the marketplace with ease.  She was most impressed with the voice feature for calling and sending text messages.  The best feature I like about this phone is you can turn off cellular data, and only use Wi-Fi, meaning you don't have to sign up for an extra data plan if you don't want to.Everything you could need is in the box: The Nokia Lumia 520, Power adapter and charging cable, user guide and setup info, and a SIM card ready for activation.Window's phones are not for everyone, but if you like the user interface of Windows 8, this phone might be for you.  If you can find theNokia Lumia 520 GoPhonefor a good price below $50, it's truly a steal.

What can I say? The look is nice, nice size not too big and looks pretty expensive. Well it seems to drop calls like all day, keep in mind this was a birthday gift for someone and I can only go by what they're saying but I know when I'm on the phone with them, its ridiculous. The phone hangs up and automatically dials you right back. So on that note, I don't know if I got a bad one or the person I gave it to don't know how to operate it. You be the judge.

this is by far the best phone I have ever owned;  the features of the phone match the price point of other phone 3 times this price;  arrived quickly , described perfectly on the website , easy to use and setup was quick

I have used this product for about a week now and it is a great device for the price! Before this phone, I had a samsung galaxy ace, which was nice but made from poor materials and broke after only a few weeks of use. This device seems very sturdy and also comes with many of the same features. I put my SIM card in it instead of using it as a go phone and it works perfectly!

Super fast delivery (received on the next day).  This phone is so easy to use. Smartphone with Windows OS is the best choice for you. And remember that what you pay what you get.  The phone costs under $100 without contract doesn't has many features or luxury things as you expected: No flash for camera is the main thing you have to concern about.  There's no way to display the percentage of usage of the battery.  You have to go to setting and check the batter usage.!!!!  Other than those 2, my sister is so happy with the phone....  Windows Apps are crappy....... Don't expect you have many good apps for Windows O.S as Apple or Android....@#$%^$##%%^^&

Great phone. It does all that I need it to do. Not one complaint for me about this phone. Great

This phone is superior to the android phone I was using. The ZTE Merit also cost about as much. Good thing I found this on Amazon!

Great basic smart phone, standalone GPS & Camera. Perfect for those who do not need lots of Apps. Very easy to use. Of course, priced right!

Happy new year to you and bets wishes to you.I have received phone lumia520. it's very nice but I can not use it in my country (Georgia, Tbilisi) because it is locked. Here mobile operator is GSM. Please if you are able help me and send unlock code for this phone.Hope I will receive from you code soon.Thanks in advanceBest regards

phone is a nice and compact great size great features it was delivered in time and well packaged tried to get to unlock unfortunately the code is nowhere to be found

Wasnt unlocked even though it was listed under unlocked devices.  So it did not work out too well bcs att does not work well to unlock them

This phone surprises in it does nearly everything a phone costing 5 times as much does. Great deal. Only major drawback is you can only use Internet Explorer for browsing. And I do not like Explorer.

Just got this today.  Have spent about 4 hours scouring the internet for ways to make this a safe phone for a teen.  I do not allow the internet on teenager phones, but I like them having weather apps, Pandora, etc.  I typed &#34;parental controls&#34; in the app store and you get nothing!  Shocking!  You get tons of options on droid and apple devices.  I scoured the internet for options on how to block the internet on windows phone. Nothing!!!  Family safety is ridiculous not to offer this option.  One tech blogger said that this phone just is not a child's phone.  I will be returning it and looking for a droid or apple device that has much better parental controls app options.  For adults...this is a nice phone for the price if you like windows!

The Nokia Lumia 520 is a game changer: a good smart phone that sells for a bargain price.The Nokia trademark has always been reliable,  durable cell phones at an affordable price.  The Lumia 520 is a true Nokia.  It does a great job with basic phone functions such as phone calls,  texting,  and email.  You can install free maps of the USA that can be used even when you are beyond the range of any cell tower.Is it a great phone for 3D action games?  No.  Is it a great camera?  No.  Nokia designed the 520 for people who want a phone that is just a phone.How many people want a phone that is merely a phone?  For the past month,  the 520 (and its twin,  the 521) has been the best selling no contract phone on Amazon.com.

Got this as a device for work emails...turned into that and a Zune device...and now I have ended up using it as my primary phone. Shows how versatile it is. I love the OS, and am now thinking of going nuts and getting the 1520...that is if nothing crazier is announced at MWC today...

This GoPhone is ideal for me.  I just purchase a new computer with Windows 8.1 and it works seamlessly with this phone.  With a Wi-Fi connection you can do it all - download music, games, maps, read emails, send text and of course make phone calls.  If you pay $100 to AT&T, that can cover you for the whole year depending on how much you use.  I highly recommend...I will never (never say never) use a monthly plan again!

My son wanted a Lumia. We offered him more expensive phones but he was bent on having a Lumia. I needed a replacement for my old go phone. I now know why my son loves the Lumia. Easy to use and has so many features.

I was looking for a basic phone just for call, but this phone provides you so much apps as well. Just awesome

Having a Windows base- this made a perfect birthday gift for me- always editing and creating things and the photo options with the creative studio are all great options and I can keep up with my work world and my kids at the same time- love it!!

I just activated this phone (on AT&T) and it works great so far.  I will not attempt to review it here.  Too many great in depth reviews on You Tube.  I think it's a steal for $59.16.

i was glad to get the phone. it was good for the first 2 months or so. then it just randomly started turning off or restarting. and you can't download many apps. and your screen can freeze up too. i don't really recommend it but it u want a crappy phone, then its for you.

I can't use my chinese GSM sim card  in this  phone!  It  needs  the Pin code ~So  it&#8216;s a  brick  now .

I chose one star because the Internet does NOT work. No matter what I try, I took it to our AT&T store where I live, but they cannot get it to work. They tried everything. They finally told me to try calling customer service and they could not get it to work, they were suppose to call me back from technical support, but they never called me back. I bought this phone because I didn't want to spend a lot of money, and I wanted a go phone. I threw away the package it came in otherwise I would send it back.

I bought the phone awhile back and it quit working within a week of having it. I had to go back to using my selective iphone. Really disappointing and a waste of money.

not sure why yall not rating 5 stars  but don't lie to others. this is a great phone.great feature and excellent hd graphics

I really like this phone.  It has great reception.  I already have windows 8.1 on another computer so the windows 8 isn't an issue.  The only con is that I wish the volume to hear calls wasn't tied to the ringer volume.

Great first smartphone for child.Pros:Decent screen resolution and size.Decent processor.Decent amount of memoryExpandable SD slotGood call quality.Easy to operate.Excellent price/valueCons:Screen gets dirty much easier than other smartphones (get a screen protector).Other thoughts:There is no other better deal for 60 dollars off contract. With no contract, my child's line only cost 15 p/month on my plan.The Microsoft child's account is a nightmare (not Nokia's fault). It took me several hours to finally get the child account to work. No reason in the world it should be so difficult. I think Microsoft is out of touch with consumers.

I was in the market after losing (sigh) yet again another iPod. I decided that I was not going to spend the money on another one. Not sure how I always lose those things. Before searching them I decided to look at cheap smartphones to purchase as an alternative when I stumbled upon this guy. Yes it has only 8gb of internal memory. Big deal, I have a $15 16gb micro sd card (which I've had for years) and now I have 28gb of memory, less the pre-installed hardware. The phone will allow you to use up to a 64gb memory card! Not only can I achieve the same thing with this as I could an iPod Touch, but I didn't have to spend half as much. Having been an iPhone owner since 2009 I'm not sure I could use this as my primary phone, but for an mp3 player I couldn't be happier, intact I enjoy it more than I ever did any iPod. Why is that? Mostly because of the queuing system, I can play a song and then queue the upcoming songs I want to play. While the Windows app store is lacking there is enough to satisfy when I have an internet connection at home or on the go. I especially like the Text Me app that allows me to text even without the sim card, so long as I have an internet connection. This is a good piece of hardware and assuming that you're new to smartphones, needing a backup phone, or just looking for an alternative mp3 player, this device will suit you just fine.Update:Since having used the 520 as my mp3 player for a handful of months I decided to give it a try as my primary phone as well. My old iPhone 4 was beginning to show it's age so I switched my SIM card over to the 520. It was an adjustment but I've been pretty happy with it so far. Every week I find myself missing my iPhone less and less.The Windows app store does not provide a lot of reasonable options when compared to what you can get on an iPhone. I have been pleasantly surprised however with the apps that I have discovered. There is at least a third party version for most of the apps I used on my iPhone. You aren't likely to find the newest released apps for iOS and Android on WP8. It takes a while for their developers to send them over to the Windows Store. However, once they do make it they seem to run as good or better than their iOS counter part. Anyone who has tried to use the official Facebook app on the iPhone knows how slow and painful of an experience it provides. This is not the case for the Windows Phone version, at least not in my experience. For apps that don't have official support I have to rely heavily on third party apps to make up for their absence. I have found many of them to be better than official versions I used on my iPhone. While WP8 provides many versions, in one form or another, of most of the popular apps do note that you shouldn't be surprised to find that some simply don't exist on the platform yet. An example of this would be Wunderlist.The call quality is great and being able to use the touch screen with gloves is a plus while winter lingers on. The phone provides a very minimalist UI so the experience is great for anyone looking for simplicity. The OneDrive cloud storage is great. I've installed it on my Mac and haven't looked back to Dropbox or iCloud since I started using this device as my everyday phone. You wouldn't think that in today's market you could find such a great phone for under $100. I spent 5 years with an iPhone and the only thing I miss is the app store. I can live without it though while Microsoft tries to grow theirs.

Phone is awesome and easy to set up after spening a full 24 hours with it.  Miss the front camera though.  Joina  windows phone forum so you can edcuate yourself with the dif. features.

This is by far the best smartphone for the price. I really like the windows os on the phone. I haven't had any problems with it. It holds a charge well.

I bought this phone for my wife to use with her existing AT&T plan. This is a perfect phone for her. She is not a heavy smartphone user, but likes all the convenience like calendar, email, text, internet etc. This phone perfectly fits the bill. Both of us have/had Windows phones before, so we knew what we are getting. This phone seriously does 90% of what the top end smartphones do at 1/10th the price. Makes us wonder if paying an additional $300 is worth for the missing 10% (and the gap vanishing day by day)

I bought one of these at wal mart yesterday, it lasted less than 3 hours before it broke. Not much of backup phone if you need another backup for when it breaks. I have owned many nokia over the years, their quality has slipped big time. The operating system on this? , well, lets just say it is EXACTLY what i expected from microsoft. Slow, clunky and doesnt work correctly half the time.I should have known better than to buy a phone running windows software and made by a company owned by microsoft.

Lookit, I'm a PC. And I'm an Android. I actually own a Galaxy S3 (my regular phone on Verizon) AND an iPhone 4 (spare/toy on T-Mobile). So naturally I was curious about &#34;this Windows Phone thing&#34;. I saw a killer deal on Amazon, so I went for it because it's a GoPhone (AT&T prepaid). Well I haven't stopped fooling around with it since I opened it up last night. Beautiful display, slippery smooth OS, everything &#34;just works&#34; like it should. Even Bluetooth was super easy- connected to my Motorola S9 Rokr heaset without even a PIN request (what a pain THAT is). WiFi works fine so I don't have to kill my minutes. It wasn't difficult at all to get used to the Win8 Metro interface (I have Win8.1 on a laptop and do NOT like it there). Yes, apps are somewhat limited but I was surprised to find Waze, Splashtop and SoundHound available. There's a VNC viewer available also. In conclusion, it's not perfect but it's awfully good if you want to get your feet wet in the smartphone arena or just want a toy to play with. I'm thinking my next Verizon phone  upgrade might just be Windows. GO!

IN MY OPINION YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR, CANNOT CONNECT TO INTERNET, HAVE A LOT OF PROBLEMS WITH THIS PHONE.

Just like the title says, I absolutely LOVE this phone. The features are great, it is easy to use, and there are plenty of options to customize it to your liking. The camera is alright, I just wish there was a flash.  I was looking for a phone to replace my (older version) blackberry, and first came to Amazon to see which phones were the highest rated.  The Nokia Lumia stood out to me, and has the highest ratings, so I decided to try it.  I DO NOT regret it! I have had it for a week now, and I am amazed at all the cool features and functionality. I now use it as my main music player, the sound quality is beautiful. For the price, you get great value, I don't even feel bad not owning an Iphone, the Nokia Lumia is it for me!

I like it a lot!!! I really like this phone. This is so awesome! I won't change my phone forever

not well built and not what I was looking for. Also the back came off very easily and stuff eh.

I rarely write reviews for Amazon, but this product has impressed me so much in my four months of ownership that I felt compelled to do so.  Here are my reasons for loving this phone:-Incredibly inexpensive, especially when combined with the Straight Talk $45 plan and various discounts you can get on those cards.-Fast, smooth performance and excellent Windows Phone 8 interface just "gets things done."-Excellent Microsoft Exchange integration.-Good podcast directory, although fetching the latest podcast sometimes seems a little delayed.-GREAT sound quality from the headphone jack (I would describe myself as an audiophile).-Durable and replaceable casing.-Replaceable battery and SD card.-Solid IPS display.-Great battery life.-Excellent call quality, including the speakerphone.A few downsides:-Apps are still lacking in some areas, particularly an issue for me when it comes to medical apps.-Bing really is terrible, it simply cannot find the results you are looking for with the high performance of Google.  I avoid the Bing integration and just go to Google.com in the browser.-Music should be drag-and-dropped from Windows Explorer.  Windows Media Player syncs are unreliable.-Nokia Maps sometimes has outdated POI's, and it gives you too many voice commands so you are constantly being interrupted.  For example if you are on the highway, it will sometimes tell you to "keep left" if you go by some random exit.-If you run the navigation app in the background, be aware that it may quit on you without warning.  I missed an exit the first time I used this phone for navigation because of this weird issue.  For example if you want to listen to music while running the navigation, you need to put the music in the background and put the navigation app in the foreground.  If you leave the navigation in the background, the phone may close the process leaving you flying blind, unaware that you lost your GPS guidance.To conclude, I think it is utterly ridiculous that so many people happily pay $100/month and $200 up front (+/- activation fees) for fancy new smartphones when you can pay half or less with the excellent Lumia 520.  Don't be a sucker.  Get this phone.

I like this phones ease of use, the fact that it has an expandable memory slot, it's fast for only having 8 GB, & it satisfies business needs.  It's got very similar apps as Apple & Andriod, accept some games.  I've only used this product for about a month & I love it already!  It has a really nice camera & features.  It has about a 2 day battery life, which is good.  This phone has highly met my expectations & would recommend this phone to just about anyone!

I am using samsung galaxy note and started hating it because of it's slowness in opening application's. I bought this phone, It works great .. small phone .. nice features .. camera is OK .. screen is good .. WP8 is good and i like the responsiveness of the OS ... overall a good phone ...

This is an excellent phone.  I'm not sure what else to say about it.  I've used prepaid phones all my life because I don't use a cellphone enough to pay month to month.  I'm on AT&T;'s $25/3 month plan with no data.  When I'm out and about, I have no use for data but do use the phone quite a bit on wifi when I'm at home.I love the tile setup on the phone and the ability to change colors of the tiles.  You can rearrange however you want (the tiles can do 3 different sizes).  There's also an app that you can install so that allows you to group apps together in folders.  You can use your own wallpaper for the lock screen.  Apparently there's a way to shuffle between favorited pictures but I've not figured that out yet.I was in between this phone and the Moto G.  The Moto G doesn't have expandable memory but the Lumia 520 does.  I purchased a 32 Gig card to expand and the phone has 8 Gigs of internal (which comes down to around 6 accounting for the OS itself).  I still have a ton of space and will likely never use it all.The Nokia Radio is my favorite app that comes preinstalled on the phone.  Having a mix of offline music works great for me.  The sound that comes from this when playing music is excellent...I didn't expect it to get very loud but it's perfect.  You can go up to 30 but I usually have it set around 15ish (I listen to it when I go to bed) and it's more than enough for me.The picture quality is great as well.  If you zoom in on something, it gets blurry but I'm not taking pictures of anything that I can't just get up close to take pics of so it works well for me.As far as apps go, there's a lot of good apps for windows phone.  Not nearly as many as android or iOS but there's a lot!I had an unlocked iPhone 3GS before this and the battery was only staying charged for a couple of hours so it was time to replace it.  I'm glad it was and happy I chose the Lumia 520.  I'm happier with this phone than I was my iPhone.  The only one complaint I have (it's not about the phone) is the cases.  I ordered a case for the phone that said it was compatible with the 520/521.  Do NOT order a case that says it's compatible with both.  The case I purchased was compatible with the 521, not the 520.  The 521 is a tad bit bigger and the case isn't as snug on the 521.  Other than that, no complaints.The Lumia 520 also dominates the windows phone world...that's got to mean something, right?

I needed to replace a 10 year old Nokia cell phone. So decided on this one and so happy I did. It was easy to learn to use and does everything I need.

The phone arrived very quickly.  The plastic enclosed shell was sealed and said there was a SIM card inside, but there was no SIM card.  I had to go to ATT store to get a sim card for free. I inserted the 16GB san disk and played with the phone and notice just bye opening the phone apps I used up half of my memory card.  I guess it was the HERE maps?  The GO phone never overheated and retains a charge.  phone voice is clear and it sync with my windows 8 computer with ease especially my outlook etc.  All other self pay phones I had overheated and had very little reception in my living area.  live tiles work  and the WIFI easily finds free WIFI and you can search for anything... At home I can search for anything on my phone on WIFI... You really do not need data unless you use it for work... Most places have free wifi... great experience so far, although I have not dropped it.  good purchase...

This Windows phone is great - I transitioned from a Blackberry and it was extremely easy.  One good thing about Windows is that it is a familiar system after using Windows computers for the past 20+ years.  Very good battery life and plenty of apps.

Worth for money. Love for this handy set. We are waiting for more apps for windows OP.  Everything is fine except sometimes with lazy response of touch.

I bought this phone for my 60 year dad. He really loves it. He isn't very high tech but still he likes to be in style a little bit. I played around with it for a while and it is fine!

I pride myself in being a cheapass when it comes to electronics as I hate the idea of being 'had' by paying to much for a device that truly doesn't do much for me but act as a daily distraction. This phone works as expected, which is very well, and also is a pretty awesome daily distractor! Anyways, I paid $60 bucks for this phone and it is easily worth every penny. It isn't the best for skyping or playing games as the battery will die quickly under heavy loads, but for all other uses it works flawlessly. Also the interface is pretty good. I might even say better than apples iPhone and my last android device. It's simple!!!!!!! Cheers!

I got this when it was on sale 39.99 -- great phone fast and spec wise has same ram and processor as a iphone 4s.  The windows phone 8 interface is easy simple and laid out where anyone can figure it out.  The only thing you need to watch for is that on the new att plans for basic and smart phones you need to make sure your basic phone commitment is over before you addthis phone as you may be paying more (20.00 for each basic phone line on their value shared plan would turn into 40.00 per smart phone line if you were still under contract with your basic phone -- vs 25.00 per smart phone line ifit was out of contract)

I bought this phone because it could allegedly be used with other plans besides AT&T. I had three different representatives try to adapt it to a smaller company that my wife is involved with. She bought me a LG phone that could be adapted. As some time had passed it just sits in the box unused. I don't know when I'll ever find a use for it. The features seemed fine and I liked the feel of it but the proprietary crap ruined it for my use.

It's a cheap phone. But it's useless for me because it's not open to Chinese SIM card. Still thank you!

I hated this thing. I even let some friends who are Android fanatics try and figure this Nokia out & even they hated it.  Maybe it's just us being used to other opperating systems ?  I returned it without any issues. I'm glad if it works out for other people. Great price tho :)  And if you need a really great case for it try a Trident Ageis case. Nicer than an otterbox & made in America .

I'm not one to spend a ton of time on a smart phone.  This phone is allowing me to have all the features of a smart phone without investing a ton of money on a contract.  That in itself makes it worth it.

I've had the phone a couple of weeks.  For $60 bucks - wow!Good.Windows is better than expected.Feels nice. Good screenCamera is fun.BadDoesn't have reception when other phones do.  This may be because it does not have LTE.No flash.

You can't beat this smart phone for the money. This is my first smart phone. I awitched from TMobile to AT&T.I had a flip phone for many years so l am not an experienced user. Any issues that have come up have been handled impecably by AT&T weather on the phone or at the store. my only complaint and reason got 4 star vs 5 star is that you are limited to downloads. I can get on Facebook but I can't download any game apps as they are not compatable with Microsoft.

This phone was good for the price I paid. It has a lot of features that are easy to use.

I found two glowing spot at the bottom edge of the screen and it looks like there is light leaking out from the edge. Other than that it was a good phone.

This windows fone is awesome the futures are amazing the thing I do with it never could done it with a BB

Work bought 50 of these phones for staff. After 2 months we have had a 20% fault rate. Two broken screens through accidents, but the rest are from faulty camera and power buttons. Obviously a major design fault. We have a contract so that we can get replacements, but if you aren't on contract beware.

Good1. Fast processor2. iPhone Ease3. Can use standard charger4. CheapBad1. Very few Apps on market2. No face chat capability3. Does not allow you to download an attachment via Gmail,4. Can't attached documents unless you take the extra step of using the Office App.5. I think the reason why the Apps are so limited is that everything seems to be based on the terribly thin Internet Explorer App6. Internet explorer app extremely limited in function which in turn limits other apps.7. The visually impaired will notice that you not able to word wrap after zooming into an article.8. Speakers are not good at all.9. Camera needs stabilization. Takes many fuzzy pics.10. Fragmentation. Update this thing already. Microsoft should have coordinated a much smoother on time roll out of its new OS with Nokia so that there most popular handset could receive the update first. So as of today, this phone is outdated.

I got this for my son and he's loves it. Plus I got it on sale which was a plus for a beginner phone for him.

This is an excellent GPS, MP3 Player, Camera, and Phone.  The phone is fast and responsive doing all these functions.

Got this as a temporary replacement for my broken Lumia 900 and love this. For less than $60/- you get a Smart phone, that can play music, use as a navigator - actually almost all features in an expensive phone.Yes the phone has some limitations. Has too little memory but I added additional 32G memory and have sufficient room for all my music, nation wide GPS map and can store some pictures. The phone for the most part is responsive but if you have more than one or two processes running then it is not all that responsive. Also the phone size is too small for my large hands.However I'll give 5 stars; for the price you do not miss much; only features I miss are LTE and  front facing camera but I can live without it for some time.

I didn't know that is was a locked phone, but I really like it. I really would not recommend that someone would buy it unless it is a unlocked phone because if you are not with AT&T it will not all data from your provider, but you will still be able to use it with your provider.

Best value smartphone you can get ! The performance is snappy with a very good screen resolution. Only issue is the screen is a fingerprint magnet.

It still puzzles me just how bleeping good it is for the money! Windows is silky smooth. You will not find a better bang for the buck.

When I bought this phone I didn't realize it didn't have a forward facing camera. Other than that it was a good buy and well worth the price.

This is the best smartphone you an get for $100 and no-contract. Microsoft and Nokia have done a decent job.

I'm sure win 8 will be improved on later but for now, not as good as ios or android... future will tell

Can you use this phone with a carrier other than ATT? Yes (as long as the SIM you're using is ATT compatible).I'm using this phone as a replacement to the iPhone 4 that died on me.  It works like a champ and is much better than my iOS7 ever was.  I'm completely satisfied.

this phone worked properly for about three weeks. It kept shutting off and not working properly.  I had to abandon it and still purchase a new phone. Useless piece of trash. No wonder why it was so cheap.

After reading some of the reviews i was very impressed to  buy the phone but after receiving the phone i found out that it was  not unlock.I call AT&T spending lot of money to get it  unlocked but i was told that they don't give out unlock code. I am very disappointed after receiving a lock phone after choosing an unlock phone before purchase,I don't really  know what really happen.This is my first bad experience on amazon.

I ordered 2 of these phones and they arrived quickly, sooner than I expected.  The problem is that opening the device to access the battery and SIM card is very difficult.  Unfortunately, I broke the glass trying to access these and feel very dissatisfied and unhappy about the purchase.  I checked today about a repair, and the repair would cost more than the phone!  I consider the phones beautiful and potentially functional but regret making the purchase because of the fragility of the front screen.

I got this for my mom as her first Smartphone.  It works great and she loves it.The price, especially, is fantastic.  Do not be deterred by how inexpensive it is - it works great.  My mom plays games on it (Fruit Ninja, Bubble Blaster, etc.), checks her email, Instagram, etc.  It syncs her pictures to her OneDrive account when on WiFi so he can see them on her laptop.  I've even talked to her on Skype with it (although it DOES NOT have a front-facing camera).  It does have Bluetooth, which she uses in the car.Basically, the thing works very well.  Additionally, the WP OS is very good for Smartphone beginners.

I have never had any problems with Nokia phones in the past, so I wanted to try this one, and I am very pleased with it. I have no problems so far and have been using the phone for a little more than a month.  Shipment was fast and give the seller an A++++++++++++.

Great phone for the price, fast and the app store is adding apps by the day. No complaints. Also an u update to 8.1 is coming this summer.

I am very satisfied with this phone. It works. It provides all the main essentials for what is considered a &#34;smart phone&#34;. It is the best phone for the price. I have had iphones and others but this phone is the cheapest and best phone not now. I purchased several for family members and they love it. My second pick would be the Moto G for 99 at Best Buy. 2013-14 are the years of legitimately good phones under $100. There is no reason to pay more than 100 US dollars for a cell phone with these two models out.

I don't like the Windows OS. If you're coming to this phone from an Android phone, expect to be unhappy. The phone itself is great; fast, smooth operation of the OS. However, there are several things lacking:1. The apps suck! There aren't that many out there (vs Android or Apple), and a good bit of the ones that are there are 3rd party and don't work or aren't supported after the build. The interface for Gmail is terrible! No way to filter out the spam, so I now get a notification for each email that comes in, and I have to delete them manually.2. Why cheap out on the sound/notification profiles? There are none on this phone, so you have to trust a 3rd party app (good luck) or go into the settings to manually change and turn off the ringer and notification tones when you need it to be silent. And if you don't want it to wake you up in the middle of the night, you'd better do it because the phone won't charge without the OS running, which means even if you turn it off before you plug it in, it reboots itself.The phone itself is great, just wish it came with an Android OS instead of Windows.

I already have a Nokia Windows Phone, but when Apple discontinued updating my 1st gen iPod Touch, it stopped working properly.  Rather than paying $300 for a new iPod to listen to Pandora at home, I opted for a $50 Windows Phone.  It works great.  It has expandable memory, so for an additional $75 I can add 128GB of memory and still have paid less than the iPod for something actually useful.  Should my WP ever break, I now have a backup - just put in the SIM.

I own a Nokia Lumia 520 and Nokia Lumia 521. I prefer the 520 as it  has settings that that the 521 does not have the ability to double tap to wake and does not have the ability to adjust the screen quality in the settings plus if you don't like Black back cover then you can always order different color back covers for the 520 which the 521 can't fit as its longer than the 520. If you can get it unlocked then this phone will save you alot of money as there better prepaid plans than AT&T.

Phone has a lot more programmed on it than I thought it would.  Easy to use.  It serves me well.  It is a little small--The print is sometimes hard to see.  I don't use it as much as some people, but for me it's OK.

I purchased 2 of these nokia 520s and am very happy with the product itself and the att (go phone) service. have used only 2 weeks

just wanted a PHONE that's all, maybe occasional texting but have to keep it plugged in A LOT so the battery doesn't die, even when it's turned off completely the battery gets drained, huh? WTH

I can't possibly believe that Nokia is making any money off this phone because it seems to be an impossibly good value. Either that or every other phone is killing our wallets. In this tiny package, you get a fully functional windows phone 8 that performs just as well as it's big brother phones...for a fraction of the price. I'll admit to a owning a couple of these because I got tired of the kids asking to use mine so I got one for them, put it airplane mode and never activated it. Now it's functionally a $50 iPod Touch with expandable memory. Great little device that I can't recommend enough.

The phone I received represents defective workmanship. The lower left corner of the screen is covered by a dark shadow. When the time comes, I will buy my next phone locally so I have more recourse when the product is defective or I have questions about services. But for now it is good for plain old phone calls.

I LOVE this windows phone.  It runs quickly, was EXCEPTIONALLY well-priced, and has lots of apps that I use (even if they're not the &#34;iphone or android brand&#34; apps. For example, snapchat app is called 6-snap, and it actually had an &#34;everyone&#34; button unlike the iphone, so I prefer it over the other one.  once I got used to the windows OS I was hooked.  worth every single dollar, plus some. Was also delivered very quickly, ordered on a wednesday and received on friday.  you can't get a better smartphone for the money, in my opinion.

This is one of the most valuable and convenient phone I've ever had. The graphics look sharp, it has its own siri and you can connect to your xbox to which is great.

I bought this so that my wife could try to use a touchscreen phone and step up from the old push button phones.  I figured for the price, it could become a backup phone.  I use an Iphone 5 and comparatively I think this phone has excellent touch screen response, good picture quality, and good camera quality.  Screen size is about the same as the iphone 5.  Not bad for a non Apple product.  Windows on the phone is ok.  It is something that I have never used but you can quickly become accustomed to it.  Phone quality is great.  I just put in the old sim that had to be cut down to micro sim size and it works just fine.  Cheaper than the old Nokia C3-01 she used for years.  It is very light.  The back is entirely plastic and comes off for battey, sim and memory card removal.

If you are used to a Samsung or an Apple this phone will feel cheap in your hand. But even with that this thing is plenty fast for what you are paying. Considering that you can't even pick up a texting phone via ATT for near this price new, this is an amazing deal. Now, how to get an android version of the same...

After having an Apple iPhone 4 I would recommend this phone to anyone!  It is inexpensive but a step up in my opinion.  I will definitely be keeping a Nokia phone from now on!!  I love it so much I am planning to buy the more expensive Lumia phone.

I got this phone for $85 on another site, I missed the lightning deal that Amazon had on this one. For $85 bucks this is a GREAT smart phone if what you need is just something for internet, calls and text. Games and apps are limited although the Windows phone store is growing although most games are more expensive compared with their android and ios counterparts. Also, some games would not play on this phone or you won't be able to download it via the app store because it has only 512mb of RAM and some games require 1GB. It's also a handy GPS device as Nokia Maps is great and free too.Now if you want to use another sim card on this phone you can do that for FREE. You don't have to pay any unlocking service for that. Here's how to go about it:1) Activate the sim card that came with the go phone online through AT&T;'s website. Do a google search for "AT&T; Go Phone activation online". You don't have to provide your credit card details or any personal information, you can make up your name if you're concerned about your privacy but they do need your email so you can make that one up too. After successful activation they will give you a number and a pin so take note of those two.2) Call the AT&T; international customer service  +19168434685 or you can chat with them here: [...] give them the phone number you got on No. 1 since they won't talk to you unless you're an AT&T; customer. Tell them you need to unlock your phone since you're traveling overseas. If you struck out on one rep, call again to talk to another one. Some reps would say you need to be active for 60 days before they could unlock your phone.3)  The Friendly customer service rep will give you a 20 digit unlock code which you can input on your phone when you put in a different sim cardOnce you get this unlocked...well, $85 bucks for an unlocked phone is a STEAL!

This GoPhone from AT&T definitely beats all my previous phones, hands down. While I wasn't sure about Windows 8, I now love it more than any other system. The only downside is that their market/shop doesn't have many apps at the moment. I'm sure it will pick up after there are more buyers. Overall, BEST phone I've ever owned!

I needed a replacement phone for my 13 year old son.  His (non smart) phone was recently lost, and he was begging for a smart phone (&#34;everyone at school has one&#34; - sadly, he's not wrong about that!).  I really did not want to pay $$$ for an iPhone (especially given the high probability that this phone will be dropped/lost/etc.)  I stumbled across this phone on Amazon and, given the great reviews, decided to give it a try.  It arrived quickly and I took it immediately to the AT&T store where they gladly activated it with his existing number (part of our family plan).  I played with it for a couple days before giving it to him.  I'm an iPhone user myself, but not really techie.  The screen is really nice and the Windows system seems easy to use.  It doesn't look cheap.  I think it has all the features and apps that he needs.  When I finally have it to him, I could tell that he was disappointed that it wasn't an iPhone but after using it just a day, he told me &#34;Mom, this is a really nice phone.  Thanks.&#34;  I can't believe I only spent $60 for this phone.  I don't know how it will hold up in the long run, but for now I'm super-happy with the purchase.  I feel like I got a tremendous bargain.  (And, when I activated his phone at the AT&T store, I switched us to the family shared-data plan that AT&T has been promoting heavily.  Our monthly bill is now actually lower than it was before, even adding his smart phone to the plan.)

I bought this for my elderly Dad, who has never owned a smartphone.  It has worked out great.I figured an iPhone would be simple enough to use, but would be a very expensive gamble, as I wasn't sure how well he would adapt to a smartphone.  An inexpensive Android phone can be glitchy and require a geek's touch to operate.  When the Lumia 520 came around with such a great price, I thought I'd give it a try.The hardware is well made - good feel, big enough screen, and the display looks great.  And the Windows Phone OS is superb.  The interface is very responsive, and intuitive even to a beginner.  I have never seen this device glitch or hesitate (unlike my high powered Android device), and the battery can last for 2 or 3 days, depending on usage.The only negative I can see it the lack of depth in the app store.  MS has all the basics covered, and beginning smartphone users will find everything they need.  But you may be disappointed when you start looking for some specialized app that you used on Android of iOS.I like this device so much, so I bought another for myself.  After learning my way around a little more, I may move my SIM card to it and use it as my primary phone.

The processor isn't very good. Most apps you normally use for other phones are not supported by the windows phone. Overall it's a very poor phone. I will never buy another windows phone.

I've had this phone since 7/26/13, the first day it went on sale.  I purchased it from the AT&T; store, and I later purchased a second one on Amazon.  I wanted to use the phone a good month before giving it a review.I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy S3, which I owned for about 7 months.  Prior to that, I had an iPhone 3G.  I also have my wife's iPhone 4 to compare to.  I love the Android OS the best, but decided to sell the S3 because of a battery plummet issue that I could never get resolved other than a soft reset, and the miniUSB port went dead.  I could not charge nor connect my phone to a computer (no rooting, no transfer of files, etc).  Because I am anticipating some flagships Android phones to be announced soon, I've held off on buying another Android.  I eventually plan to have an Android as my primary phone.I purchased the 520 as a transitional phone.  WP8 has always intrigued me.  I briefly thought about the Lumia 920 back in November when it came out, but I really like Android and it's integration with Chrome Browser.  I use a lot of Chrome extensions that make it a pleasure to use with an Android phone.I am a Google fan and many apps are important to me.  Google Voice, Tasks, Keep, Chrome to Phone, Gmail.  During my day, I check email on my phone, text via Google Voice on my desktop Chrome browser.  I also like youtube.  I don't do much social media such as Facebook/Twitter.  I'm not a gamer either.  I rarely use navigation as my sense of direction is pretty good, and I don't drive into unfamiliar territory very often.  GPS is not of great importance to me, but it's nice to have when I need it.Likes (in no particular order):- Price.  What else can one get for $100 or less?- WP8 is smooth, fast, no lagging, responsive, and stable.  I've had a couple random reboots when an app crashed (UC Browser)- FM radio!!! with Amber/GDR2 release.  I enjoy listening to local talk radio.  Also, in an emergency situation where the cell towers may be overloaded, an FM radio may be essential and the only way to get critical information.- Reasonable syncing with Google Contacts and Calendar- Size.  Although I do like phablets and screens > 4.7", when I'm at work, it fits in my pocket.  However, I do plan to get a larger phone.- Wifi and Bluetooth radios are excellent.  The 80211.n wireless is very stable.  No dropped connections.  On Speedtest, I get up to 30 mps down and 4 mps up with Charter cable.  The bluetooth reliably connects to my Hyundai's bluetooth with no issue for over a month.  With my iPhone 3G, there were times that the phone would not connect, and I would get this annoying "pairing failed" message that would not stop.  I would have to turn the bluetooth off on the phone, and reconnect.  No so with the Lumia.  No dropped connections.  It pairs with my Windows Vista laptop, and can stream music, send and receive files easily.  That is one feature missing on iPhones (being able to send/receive files via Bluetooth.  Also pairs with my Plantronics 320 headset easily.- Supersensitive screen.  I can use ferromagnetic objects to tap, scroll and swipe.- Easy drop and drag of music and ringtones by connecting the phone to a computer via the included USB data cable.  I can easily add custom ringtones by dragging to the ringtones folder.- Decent mapping/navigation app.  I like how Here Drive displays your speed and alerts you if you drive above a set limit.  The GPS finds a signal quickly, better than my prior SG3.- Camera can be used while the phone is locked by pressing the dedicated camera button.- Battery life is decent.  I charge the phone overnight, and at the end of the work day, it's often at about 60-70%.  I check email, light browsing throught the day.  I don't do much calling because my office does not get a good cell signal.  I just had one incident of rapid battery drain for some unknown reason.  It was at 24% at lunch (I didn't charge it overnight), and  then dead a couple hours later.  I don't know how it happened.  BTW, I have wifi/bluetooth always on, screen set on medium brightness, and double tap to wake disabled.- User replaceable battery and expandable memory via microSD card.- 4G (technically 3.5G with HSPA+) has been speedy enough for me, but I use wifi mostly.- Works with AT&T; postpaid.  I popped the SIM in the phone, and got 4G/data right away.  As I understand, it may work with other AT&T; MVNO's without unlocking.- AT&T; unlocked it for me!  No problems.  I called customer service, gave them my IMEI #, and in a little while, I was given the unlock code.  I am a Premier Member and have been an AT&T;/Cingular customer for 11 years.- Customizable back covers.  I plan on getting a red battery cover.  Red looks sharp to me.Dislikes- Screen is a fingerprint magnet- App selection, for me, is poor.  It's not Nokia's fault and I knew that prior to purchasing the phone.  With time, I'm hoping that the selection will improve, and that Google will develop some more apps.  Some of the 3rd party equivalents just aren't as good.  For example, Goroovester is inferior to Google Play.  I used multiple browsers on Android.  I wish Flipboard and Google Current was available as I enjoy those.  Banking apps such as USAA and VALIC have no WP8 apps.  I probably could go to the mobile website.- App quality is often inferior to the Android equivalent.  Skype, a Microsoft product, is better on Android than WP8, in my opinion.  WTF???  On Android, I can send files and images.  WP8, absolutely not.  Not a deal breaker, but Skype was purchased by MS.  I do like to check traffic before going home, but Nokia Here maps don't often report traffic incidents and conditions as accurately as other platforms.  I compared it to my wife's iPhone 4 (Apple maps and Google maps), which reported incidents that were absent on Nokia Here Maps.- No Adobe flash support.- No wireless file transfer (save bluetooth), but on Android, there's ES File Explorer and Airdrop.- Personal preference, but I'm not a huge file of the Tile look/GUI.  I prefer icons and widgets as on Android.- Camera quality is OK, but not great.  It serves its purpose for pics I use for eBay/Craigslist, and sending to family.  I realize that this is an entry level phone.- No notification center (A WP8 issue more so than the the Lumia 520).  I know that others have said that you can arrange the tiles so everything important is near the top.  However, a notification would give all my important info at a quick glance.  Besides, some of the live tiles do not update constantly, but rather every 30 minutes.- Lack of customization.  On Android, I like being able to have individual email accounts give a notification sound and others silent.  On WP8, that isn't possible.  I hope that is something Microsoft will add in a future update.  Also, I'd like to be able to have the volume set differently for specific apps rather than one master volume.Lack of a front facing camera, camera flash or NFC is not an issue for me as I didn't use it on my SG3.I miss my Android, but for the last 5+ weeks, I have been able to survive on WP8.  The platform and app selection will likely improve as the Lumia 520/521 has probably added a lot of new WP8 users.  I will keep the Lumia as my backup phone and media player once I get a new Android.  Overall, this is a very nice phone, but as a Google user, it doesn't work for me as well.I think this is a great phone for new smartphone users.  For basic functions, it covers all the bases well.

This is a great phone....basic and easy to use. GREAT for first time smartphone users. Very user-friendly. Slim shape and great for big fingers.

I needed a replacement phone for a Galaxy S3 phone where the screen had cracked and I didn't want to invest in buying a full-priced phone since I was still within my contract.Opening the phone, placing the micro-SIM (pay attention to the picture symbol that tells you which direction it goes in), and going to a fully usable phone, took about 5 to 10 minutes.Coming from an Android/Galaxy phone, was a big change. As with any transition, there's always pro's and con's, however given the price/value of the phone, I'm not disappointed because I think it was the best choice I could of made.Remember I'm coming from a Galaxy S3/Android phone, so my opinions are based on that:Pro's- Shipped with the latest version of Windows Mobile 8.0.10327 (GDR2) that supports Amber alerts- Display screen was better than expected. I was expecting a display that was going to be subpar. Of course, it isn't as crisp as an OLED based display but good enough!- Responsiveness - I was expecting a "slow experience" but was surprised at the performance. It handled the scrolls and display pretty well- Sound - pretty good and on-par with my previous phones- Keyboard - good word prediction- Apps - Contrary to what I've heard, most of the apps that a business user needs, is there. Sure, the app market doesn't have the breath of games etc, but for what a business user needs, it's good enough.- Nokia Radio - Impressive.. I was able to store off-line radio stations. NICE!!!Con's- Battery : I'm not sure of the battery. I was expecting better performance compared to the S3 but so far it looks to be the same from a perspective of percent usage throughout the day. I'm still tweaking the performance, so I'll see.- Configurability of email sync options; doesn't support the ability to setup regular versus off-hours schedule. I would of thought that this would be supported but perhaps it doesn't because this is the lower-end version of the Nokia.- Keyboard - I miss Swype. It was fast to just draw the words that type, however I think it will be just a learning curve- Browser - Internet Explorer doesn't support the ability to remember/save login info on a web form.- Notification bar - I wish the battery and wireless indicator has the option to be persistent all the time. Right now, I have to swype it down. However, I believe the proper way is to have tiles setup to show this info.- Camera Quality - I wasn't prepared for how poor quality the megapixels was going to be.. coming from an 8 megapixel down to a 5 megapixel, was surprisingly very noticeable.Anyway, the Lumia 520 isn't an exact replacement for a Galaxy S3, but it's good enough! For the value for the money, it was a great buy!!!!

As title says, initially I owned iphone for over 5 years. I owned all iphones except the first one. Last year, just for change, I sold iphone 5 and bought used lumia 900 cyan. It was a great change after owning iphone for years. I still remember the clear black display and glossy curved screen. Within 2 months I bought lumia 920 off eBay before release. I used it for 4 months and was very happy with everything except the weight. I usually keep my phone in upper shirt pocket ,so I always felt lumia 920s weight. This year I sold Lumia 920 and bought HTC One. Great Phone, great resolution, stable OS, great speaker etc.Recently in Amazon Deals I found lumia 520 for 79 dollars without contract. Amazon has made one click too easy. So without thinking I just clicked.I got the phone within one day.My notes on this phone:Stable OS. I love windows 8. Clean OS and a good change from ios and android. Once it gets good apps then I think It will be on top soon.Great looks and availability of swappable multi color back covers.Awesome battery life. It reminds me olden days. I always used the battery saver mode. I charged this phone 3 days ago and it has some 35% left. I have to admit I didn't use it more than an hour for past 3 days. But doing the same with my HTC One, the battery will be dead in just 1 day. May be non availability of LTE runs it longer.Screen is good but not great. Though the resolution is almost same as lumia 900 ,I feel lumia 900 screen is much better than this one.The PPI on this phone is more then lumia 900 but lumia 900 screen looked sharp.I never found pixels in lumia 900. In this phone certain colors clearly shows pixels. The color of screen does makes difference. Green colors show pixels more then blue.If you planning to cut SIM and use it then be careful. I think the thickness of regular SIM  gives very tight fit on this phone. Though micro Sims slips very easily.Camera is not great. It's an average camera for basic photography.Price is unbeatable. Spend 3 dollars and its unlocked.I didnt feel there is any signal problem on this phone. You can hold any ways unlike iphone.Speaker is average. Sound is just enough.Voice is clear over conversation.Overall i recommend this phone for the low price.Can be a great secondary phone.

I am using this phone to replace a Lumia 900 with speaker issues for the rest of the contract term.  With that in mind:Pros:Smaller sizeLighter weightSD card slotWindows 8 Mobile (with Amber Update in the package)!MUCH more responsive screenCHEAPCons:Back pops off if you drop itApps load slower (less memory)NO GORILLA GLASS (I hadn't known this - might have sprung for something higher up if I had)Lack of effective, good quality cases at the moment.Overall - it's an amazing value for the money.  Just don't try to buy a case on Amazon.  This phone is a slightly different size then the Lumia 521 and most cases being sold for both do not fit the 520 very well.Update:  Screen cracked after falling on a rock in a parking lot.  The phone survived dozens of other falls and the replacement screen is less then $20 since I am doing it myself.  Had to go back to my Lumia 900 and really miss the Windows 8 options.

My wife and I wanted to come into the 21st century and get smart phones. We didn't want to spend the money on I-phones and I preferred the Windows interface. These are GREAT!! The work well with Straight Talk, very affordable and the app list available is growing. Nothing bad to say at all. If you're at all interested in Windows 8 phones and don't want to spend a mint, this is your next phone! Only things missing are camera flash and front camera. If you can live without these features and want AT&T or Straight Talk for service, GET THIS PHONE!!!

Got it for my mom prepping her for future smartphones and replacing a retiring Blackberry 8900.Fast for a mid end phone doesn't have a led light for flash. Lightweight got some nice free apps

Having lived in Asia for many years, Nokia phones were everywhere. This phone, like the the Nokia's I've used in the past, is a great little phone. I bought this for my 8 year old to play games and watch movies via download and wifi. I did not and will not ever activate for phone use.  I paid  $30 (ish)  as a lightning deal and i am glad i did. I like it so much I am considering a Nokia phone to replace my HTC 4G LTE when my sprint contract expires next month. Although I am not sold on the Microsoft store... Very limited compared to Android store.

Best Phone ever when you get this phone look online on how to get windows 8.1 and my phone is working great and it can download the newest games such as angry birds,asphalt 8 airborne,fruit ninja and etc.Over all it is the best phone i had it was even better than my ipod that i had and for this phone you don't need a sim card for it can work.

Difficult to openI have opened many plastic packs. I even have a special tool to open them. This one took both my husband and I to work getting this plastic ope and in that process the screen of phone shattered ! Therefore I am returning it for full refund!

I like this phone , feels  in your hand like a real thing but sadly there was no title about sim lock cuz i live in EU and in our country no contract means no sim lock ..

This phone is pretty amazing! I bought this for my mom and she really loves it, especially the Nokia Music Application. There are so many choices in terms of the genres of music that you can listen to in almost all languages. The best part is that the mixes can be listened offline as well. Therefore, there's an unlimited amount as long as you refresh it constantly. The only drawback is that this At&T GoPhone has a pretty low coverage in my area and of course, the phone can't be connected to a mac computer.

I bought this when it's on sales of $90. With 90 dollar, this is a very nice smart phone you can get comparing to others phones in the market. Nokia s also a trustworthy company. I highly recommend this phone for personal use or gift. Enjoy!

The last phone I had was an Avail, which was an android. So this is my first Windows phone. The software may not be as flexible or have as much apps and personalization as an android. But it does have more than enough needed. Plus its fast, compact, has decent battery life, and looks pretty beautiful to the eye. I really like it. However I have a few complaints. The biggest one; the back to phone hardly stays on. And yes it was this way brand new. But if you get a hard case it solves this problem for the most part. Also the buttons are so deep that sometimes its annoying, but it does prevent accidental button mashes. Its definitely a good phone, but for the price?....ITS AMAZING.

I own a Lumia 1020 and am impressed with this device. Try it out for yourselves, great for a backup device

its a good one, fits budget, better buy unlocked one if someone wants to go for  &#34;pay as you use&#34; plan.

I bought this phone based on good reviews, but not sure now where they came from.  I have had nothing but trouble from this phone from day one!  It reboots randomly, for no reason at all.  If you tap it or look at it wrong it will shut down.  The only thing that will get it running again is to remove the battery and re-insert it ... multiple times ... then hope that it boots up or stays on.  I have looked online and this is a common defect with this model of phone.  If you take your chances with this phone, good luck.  Have a backup on hand!!

BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER OWNED ,AN PLAN ON BEING LAST PHONE.MY DAUGHTER AN  BOTH GRANDAUGHTERS ALL HAVE NEWEST APPLE  PHONES BUT THEY WANT MINE ,THEYD TRADE THERE IN A HEART BEAT FOR  NOKIA LUMIA 520.RECOMENDING THIS PHONE TO ALL FRIENDS AN FAMILY.

I'm disappointed, this phone can not be unlock here in Dominican Republic!!Now I'll have to buy another and Dispose of This

It is absolutely locked. The only way to get it unlocked is to have the Go Phone service for a period of 6 months and have your balance be in good standing. Otherwise, the phone is great. I bought it for my brother in Nigeria, and neither he nor I could unlock it. I plan to use it here for those 6 months and unlock it and switch carriers, but for what the phone can do and how appealing it is...it is a steal.

Received phone for daughter, had questions before buying. Asked if this phone had to be used with a certain carrier and would I have to have a contract with carrier to use phone. I was told no.When received phone went to AT/T (carrier for phone) and was told in order to use phone would need to sign a two year contract. Not what I paid for. Can't get phone unlocked for use. Can't return, daughter lost original packet phone came in.Waste of money and no I would not recommend.

The probleme in this mobile if its locked I can not use it in saudi arabia, and I am trying to fix this probleme

I bought this as a test (I have an iPhone now) to see how I liked Windows Phone.  It's a nice operating system, but I don't think I'll change.  This was a special around the holidays and I ended up selling it to a friend with a broken screen and he says it works great.

I was having my doubts by the time i order it, but i am using this phone from more than 3 months and it is absolutely amazing, really smooth, do not freezes and to be a low range phone is a good purchase. Highly recomended if you don't have a lot of money and need a phone with all the functions of a modern smartphone.

If you are a basic user like me who needs a smartphone to check e-mails, chat with friends using WhatsApp, read news and can do with basic 5MP camera then this is the right phone for you. It has an acceptable speed and performance. According to me, it's too good for the price it's sold at.

A few words before I begin: I USED to be an Android user and I've tried an iPhone but didn't "feel the love" there either.About 2.5 years ago, I got hired by a firm that issued me my first Windows Phone; I had no choice in the matter. I was a die-hard Android fan and was displeased at the prospect of giving up my "preferred" platform......until I sat down and actually USED it.I got this phone as my personal device the other day and it's been a gem like the other 2 Windows Phones I've had. So what if it doesn't have a 100-megapixel camera, 32-core processor, 64 GB of RAM, etc....my point is that Windows Phone doesn't NEED all that hardware to run properly (except for the camera if your only camera is your phone, but you can get a better camera with other Nokia models ;)).Windows Phone doesn't come with TouchWhizz, MotoBlunder, HTC NonSense or any of that other bloatware, and runs very well without that stuff bogging it down like it does with most Android devices. Windows Phone isn't twitchy, touchy or glitchy like Android and doesn't have thousands of non-sensical unvetted garbage apps that don't work properly either (or conflict with the operating system). I haven't had any issues with my Windows phones acting like they're possessed (i.e. starting stuff up on their  own without user intervention), haven't had to restart my phone because of a misbehaving app, and haven't had to pull the battery because it's frozen up.....EVER. My Windows phones have just worked, period, without fuss, and this one's no exception. Windows phones get their updates directly from Microsoft, without having to go through the manufacturer and carrier first. All Windows Phones operate the same; no learning curve when you switch phones. Best of all, they're as easy to use as an iPhone, and can be a whole lot cheaper.Windows Phone also comes with some nice features built-in that would need to be downloaded on an Android phone via the Play Store. A mobile version of Microsoft Office is preinstalled, so no downloading ThinkFree Office to view or edit your Word and Excel files. Bing search includes a song-identification feature and barcode/QR code scanner; no need to download SoundHound or barcode scanner apps, as on an Android device. When you register your Windows Phone on windowsphone.com using your Windows Live (hotmail.com, live.com or outlook.com) account, you're able to view the content of your SkyDrive--pictures and documents (7 GB free storage for as long as you have your Windows Live account) from any computer connected to the internet. If you lose your phone, you can find it via GPS, make it ring, lock it, or erase the contents of the phone all from the windowsphone.com site. Again, all this is BUILT IN; no need to go download a bunch of apps to get that functionality. If you don't have a Windows Live account, you can create one using your existing email account if you want. Microsoft doesn't force you to get a Hotmail email address like Google forces you to get a Gmail address for Android phones. Syncing your music and pictures with your Windows 7/8 or Macintosh computer is a snap; no "drag and drop," it automatically downloads your pictures into your pictures folder and you can choose what music you want to sync and it happens automatically.One built-in app that's worth special mention is "Local Scout." For travelers, this can be a lifesaver. Local Scout uses your phone's GPS to tell you what's near you, like restaurants, attractions, and places to shop. All you have to do is to tap on a business or attraction name and you can navigate to that business or attraction, call them, add them to your favourites and more, without leaving the app.I guess what I'm saying is that if you want something as a playtoy and don't mind the fragmentation, frustration, glitches, force-closes, and misbehaving apps, then by all means, go get that 100-megapixel, 32-core, 64 GB RAM Android phone....it's gonna need all that hardware! However, if you want something that is useful, has a lot of built-in features, easy, doesn't fuss or fight with you, is fluid and smooth, and just plain works, then get a Windows Phone. If you want a great Windows Phone on a budget, get this one. It won't disappoint you.Edit: It's been a few weeks since I've bought this device for personal use and it still runs like a champ. Recently, I had to switch my work device to a Galaxy S3 and this Nokia runs rings around the GS3, even though the GS3 has a better processor and 4 times the RAM. As soon as work is over, the GS3 gets put away and I switch back to my Nokia 520, and I'm happy again. I get 3 days out of this Nokia; the GS3 won't last a day without charging it.Second Edit (6/7/2014): I downloaded the developer preview for Windows Phone 8.1 on this device and it works beautifully. Yes, great things are coming to Windows Phone, as the general release for WP 8.1 won't be out until summertime. WP 8.1 brings a notification bar that you can swipe down, showing missed calls, emails and texts, as well as toggle switches for wi-fi, bluetooth, airplane mode and screen rotation; you can also set a background wallpaper that shows through your live tiles; and the most important feature......CORTANA! Yes, Cortana, Microsoft's answer to Siri (Cortana works a whole lot better too) is even available for use on the "lowly" Nokia 520. You have to be a US resident for Cortana to work in the developer preview, no word yet if Cortana will be available outside the US in the official WP 8.1 release. Cortana takes the place of Local Scout, but with Cortana, Local Scout is no longer needed. Cortana even understands some sequential requests.....something Siri can't do. I put her up against Siri on an iPhone 5S and Cortana outperformed Siri by a comfortable margin.Budget-minded fans take note: When Windows Phone 8.1 comes out this summer, you'll have the best features at an off-contract price that can't be beat. There's no reason, except for FUD about the Windows Phone platform, to own an Android or iPhone anymore now :D.

the family  likes  them  a lot  and  they are  very  happy  with all of them  and  so  am I .. thank you

Just not what my son was expecting.

Very impressed with Windows 8 for phones. I have been an Android user for many years, and the speed and fluidity of this OS is very impressive. The phone is a total bargain for $59. Does everything better than my Samsung Rugby which would stall and stutter constantly. There's fewer apps, but the important ones are there. HIGHLY recommend. You don't have to submit to ATT next monthly payments or spend hundreds of dollars to have a very competent smart phone. This is an intelligent strategy for Nokia/Windows, competing at the lower end, where millions of people will acquire smartphones.

I bought this product during a lighting deal and I am very much pleased with the price and product. Only thing that I can complain is when you coming iphone or samsung it will take a little time to get used to it. But for the price its a great product.

So I bought this non contract phone from Amazon last December. I was kinda hesistant at first coz it's cheap. And for $69, this phone is such a satisfaction. I am recommending this if you are searching for a budget friendly no contract phone.

Love the windows OS and  the features are pretty spectacular considering the low sales price I was able to buy it for.  My only gripe is the quality of the phone.  It doesn't seem to be that durable -- it comes apart pretty easily but its pretty easy to snap back together again.

excelente

so I was really happy to get this phone and it came really fast but I had problems right out the box. The phone battery wasn't holding life, and the SIMS reader was reading so I had to return it and I went to the store to get it but the process of returning the product wasn't that bad. All I'm trying to say is the phone is great jus hope you get a good one sent but your best bet is buying off the store in case you have problems you have some one to talk to. im not blaming any one here all im doing is giving a heads up that can come with the phone.

This phone is a Good deal for the price! Its a Great offer indeed....I m going to buy it again!

Wonderful phone for my daughters birthday!!! Had a small problem with the first one but Amazon quickly responded and resolved!!! Very happy with this purchase!!!

Cool best yet works great long batteries windows 8 cool best yet black was nice getting upright stan for it thx ron

I'm going to make this review as informational as possible and give a decent description of what you can expect with this phone.It will ship with two charging cables, one a very long cable that plugs into a standard wall outlet-the other is an extremely short USB charger. There is a battery shipped with the phone as well. The phone also includes a Mini Sim (or micro sim, whatever) which is what this phone requires. The phone also has expandable memory via a MicroSD card of up to 32 GB with an internal storage of around 6 GB of usable space. Pretty good if you ask me. Please note the Nokia Lumia 520 does not include a MicroSD card. You can also remove the back cover of the phone as well as the battery and such.The phone runs on Windows 8 OS, and it's very sleek and simple for the average phone user; however, similar to Android it has a decent amount of customization (although not to the extend of Android.) The live tile system is quite nice to look at and the OS is rather intuitive. There is little to no lag whilst using the phone for everyday uses, but some apps may run a bit slower as this phone doesn't have the best specifications. The camera is 5 MP I believe, however there is no camera above the screen, nor is there a flash on the back side of the phone.All in all, this phone is very cost effective for what you are paying. You can use it as a primary smart phone, or a backup phone in cases of emergencies. It functions very well and gives you a very good taste of what the W8 OS has to offer.Some problems or cons this phone has:- The headphone jack may be faulty on your phone. I had to ship one of mine back because both the headphone jack and the charging port stopped working correctly for some reason- Odd screen feeling. It doesn't feel like the high-end smartphones, and in my experience my finger doesn't slide across the screen as easily and creates more smudges. Perhaps it's just me.- No flash or front-facing cameraI hope I've helped anyone that had any questions or concerns about purchasing this phone. Again, I would recommend this phone  to anyone looking for a nice GoPhone without running you or your family into poverty. The support at Amazon is great whenever I had to return my phone. I would buy this for a young child's first phone or something similar, as this is an extremely safe purchase at the low price in the event that it gets lost or broken.Thanks for reading!

After I broke my ZTE Warp phone Android (very good too) I decided to buy the Nokia 520 after reading the specs and reading all the reviews. This phone is really great and I am glad that I bought it.The only thing that I was worried about was the low RAM at 512mb but I took a chance with it because I knew I wouldn't use it for games. But the 512mb is plenty on this phone. The processor and dual core is great as my phone has never slowed down or froze up.I have a 4GB micro sd card in it but so far I haven't been in need to use it.The phone size itself is very good and not to wide. I like to have a good grip on the phone while its in my hand. I bought a case that has hand grips on the side of it.The rear camera is good but I rarely ever use it. There is no front facing camera. So I am limited there in Skype but its ok.The battery last a full day. I've never really pushed it to see how long it actually last bc I am always charging it at night when I sleep. At the end of the day with heavy wifi use, my phone still has 30% charge left.Wifi is good. I can only get speeds of 10mb and my other phone I could get 12mb but I can tell in the dropped speed.4G is fast.I've already received the Black Lumia update for it but I don't notice any difference in the phone or its functions.Now the service is provided with AT&T; but while in my house I only receive one bar on my signal but when I leave I get full bars. But I have never lost any connections.This is my first Windows 8 phone and I like it much better than the Android O.S and Apple.Now Apple and Android market store has a lot more apps than Windows store but all the apps that I use, Windows store had them. I do prefer Android apps over Windows because on my apps, the Android offered better features. But its still ok. I still like Windows better since the phone is locked down more and secure I don't get any viruses. Android was horrible because of the viruses and I had to install an antivirus protection like Comodo or Malwarebytes and I had to install tuneup cleaners too but not on the Windows 8 phone. I don't have to worry about that stuff :)

Works smooth, loaded with helpful apps, would have given it 5 stars but my only problem is the battery life. The price is just right for a replacement phone or even as a gift.

Nokia did a great job in making this low cost phone with good enough hardware to call it a high end phone...Windows mobile os is catching up but not yet equal to droid or ios... 1 star reduced for the os...

I've had this phone for a month now & like it very much. I was concerned about using the Windows Phone operating system instead of Android, but Windows Phone is very easy to use.

This phone has a 4-inch IPS LCD screen and runs Windows Phone 8.1. Windows Phone OS, unlike Android, does not spy on its users.  Many apps have icons called Live Tiles which can show additional information, so you don't have to open the app to see the essential info.  Not all Live Tiles are useful, though, same situation with Windows 8. The developer has to make his or her Live Tile useful. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Bing Weather, Bing News, etc. all have super useful Live Tiles. The 520 has tons of features for this price. Two things that ARE missing are a front-facing camera, so Skype is not too useful here if you want to do video chat, and back camera flash. The 5MP camera works really well outdoors but can be grainy indoors, typical of medium-range phone cameras. After all, this is no Lumia 1020 or even 92x. The LCD screen is very nice, though, and the touch function works as well as on an iPhone which is to say the best!  The large icons -- you have three sizes to choose from -- are super easy to read, a great break from the tiny icons on the iPhone and Android. A recent reports says over 70% of American adults suffer from eye fatigue due to using smartphones and tablets. I can tell you that after I started using Windows Phone my eyes have gotten less dry. The 520 makes clear calls. Like all Nokia phones, though, the vibrate function is a little lame. But I don't use vibrate at all, so it's not an issue for me at all.While the phone is the best smartphone for the price, AT&T; Wireless stinks, period. With smartphones, AT&T; does not allow you to add a pay-per-minute plan. You must choose a monthly plan, starting at 25 dollars per 30 days.  T-Mobile is better in this regard, but AT&T;'s network is 10 times better than T-Mobile's, so it's a trade-off I'm willing to accept.  I use a Lumia 925 as my main AT&T; phone, but leave a 520 in my car as a backup phone and also my son carries a 520 to school. He loves it, too. Windows Phone has Kids Corner which limits the phone's functions, for instance it limits the maximum volume, and it's a great and reliable way, unlike a few Android offerings, for kids to use the phone.

this is a very cool phone. it not only looks great, but runs great and its so easy to use.

I got this phone for my wife as her first smartphone. She is not really into tech stuffs. So I was getting a good deal on this, I pulled the trigger. My idea was-its a smartphone, how bad could it be. That was before I knew a windows 8 device hands-on. After I got this, I thought I will try it out for a day. Man, o man, the experience was horrible. Almost all the apps that I like in Google Play or App store was unavailable. Later that day, I realized may be its a good phone for its price, but without a comparable app store, smartphone doesn't mean much.My suggestion for someone looking for a cheap smartphone: please stay away from windows phone; buy a cheap android phone.

THIS PHONE IS AMAZING EVERYTHING WORKS GREAT AND I ENCOURAGE YOU TO BUY IT IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE FRUSTRATED WITH ANY OTHER TYPE OF PHONE LIKE I WAS BUT JUST MAKE SURE YOU GET A REALLY PROTECTIVE CASE BECAUSE IT CAN CRACK AND ITS NOT THAT PRETTY LOL.

For the price, it is a steal. Just to let you know, it is a locked phone. But i paid 45$ online to unlock it. So i recommend you to buy the unlocked version for a few bucks more.

This phone is Great !!!!! It is very easy to use and has everything someone could need on a phone. I saw there were comments on not enough applications, there are plenty unless your a gamer or need excessive apps. At first I thought I might have a more difficult time because I was use to smart phones that were non windows. I love this windows phone so easy. For the price of under 100.00 this phone is superior to ones that cost 100s more. My only negative if it even really is one is the back is kinda rubbery. But I just bought a hard case cover on Amazon.com for 99 cents and a screen protector and issue was solved. If you want a great functional phone at an affordable price this phone is for you!

This phone is pretty great for the price.  I only use it for work and it has everything I need - mostly text messaging.  Refill cards/plans are also reasonably priced.  Battery lasts long.

These phones are stylish super fast and best of all WAY EASY TO USE.  It DOES USE A MINI SIM CARD compatible with straight talk mini sim (i bought my husbands and my mini sims off of wal*mart.com but you can buy directly from straight talk as well.)

Buying this phone was the best thing that I have ever done. The Lumia 520 is the best phone that you can possibly buy at 80$  -$90. It's also a good steal and an excellent opportunity to get into the Windows ecosystem. Before spending 150 plus dollars for an iPod, get this phone which can house a 64gb microSD card, has a 5mpx camera in addition to the extras like GPS.

Very good quality, great seller! Very accurately done, quality stuff. Very handy thing,Phone beautiful, sorry for that hard to unlock and use another operator.

The phone is great when it works.  i can never get a full days talk or standby and the phone dies.  Once it dies, it takes forever for the charger to recognize the phone (i keep getting an error) and start charging.  i have to play with it.  Not sure if mine is defective or if that's an issue with the phone.  Anyone have any ideas?

was not unlock

I wish I could give this phone no stars at all. The only phone I have ever bought that was defective from the get-go. Opened it up, tried to charge it, and it wouldn't even hold a charge. For 2 days I had it on the charger, the screen kept going from the AT&T screen, then to Nokia, then black. The battery always stayed in the red. Wound up sending it back for a refund, would never buy this again!!!!

I was on a Verison phone plan with an older model phone and this came on sale at Amazon.  Now I have a much better phone with lots of extras and a better,  cheaper phone plan than I had before.  The phone is nice and fits my hand.  It is pretty easy to function.  All the necessary direction are with the phone plus a wall charger.  I'm pleased!

I purchased yesterday, and loved it. According to the price, it is amazing. There are lots of perfect reviews, so I don`t mention about the phone in detail. Here is my comments;- Unfortunately, offline navigation (turn-by-turn direction) is only free for the U.S. You can not use offline voice navigation in Canada or Europe. In order to do that free, you have to upgrade the operating system to windows 8.1. And, the win 8.1 update has not released yet for Lumia 520 black. But if you need earlier, using a Microsoft developer account, you can upgrade to Windows 8.1, easily (search for google).- If you have time (unfortunately I could not wait), you could wait for Lumia 635 for 99$, with quad core processor and 4,5&#34; screen. But still without front face camera and still has 512 Mb Ram :(

It works perfectly, the windows format is kind of hard to get it at the beginning but then you get use to it easy. It's a good choice if you are trying to find a cheap one.

When I ordered this phone I was under the impression that I would not have to get a data plan with AT&T and would be able to use it as long as I had an account and that WAS wrong. First of all DUH! no phone number comes with it and you have to have a data plan because it's a smart phone. While it's true I am not exactly tech savvy, this was a birthday present for my granddaughter and all I could do was get her, her own phone line and pay the $30 a monthly charge. I am slowly learning my lesson NOT to buy things on the internet and trust that they are actually what you believe you are getting!!!

For How much it cost it does everything I need  remember how much it costs don't expect the same of  a 600+

i bought this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it!! i can't get her off of it!! very easy to set up and activate!!

So far so good on this phone.  I've only had it for a week or so.  The first one I received gave me the blue screen of death after a couple days but when I contacted amazon they promptly sent a replacement.  I use an independent cell phone provider in order to keep my bill low and needed an AT&T unlocked phone to work on their network.  I had been using a dinosaur phone so this was a huge upgrade for me.  I also didn't want to pay hundreds of dollars for an unlocked smartphone so when Amazon offered this one for $62.99 I jumped on it.  Great deal for a unlocked smartphone!

I use the Nokia 520 with straight talk, so my review only applies if you plan on using straight talk.  I purchased this phone after destroying my expensive HTC one X.1. The phone will do an online backup, but after a resetting the phone, you only have one chance after the first reboot to restore your phone.  The problem is that you have to use your phones data plan to do the restore and since you have to change the APN setting to use straight talk, you will not be able to do a restore.  If the phone isn't unlocked, then you will have to borrow a SIM card from someone with AT&t; so you can connect to the internet and download the restore.2. The restore doesn't remember how you have your tiles positioned.  A lot of time can be spent organizing tiles.3.  AT&T; has the internet sharing locked down on my phone.  I had the phone unlocked, but I still can't get rid of the AT&T; lock on internet sharing.4. I really like the windows phone operating system.  I will probably buy the new Nexus when it's released, but I'm not going to be in a big hurry.  If I could get internet sharing working, then I would have no good reason to not stay with a windows phone.5.  I get 4G data connections with straight talk.  The best I've seen from android in this price range is 3G.6.  Since the phone is so cheap, I don't worry about keeping it in a case.7.  The Nokia GPS with offline maps is great, and all you have to do is create your nokia account.8.  If you plug in headphones, then you can use the built in FM tuner in the phone.  The phone uses the headphone cord as the antenna.9. The camera is ok, but there is no flash.10.  The battery is removable.  I'm always annoyed by devices that don't make it easy to replace a battery.  I know most cell phones will be outdated by the time the battery dies, but I just like knowing that I can change the battery if I want to.11.  The phone accepts micro SD cards.  I like having expandable / removable memory cards on my devices.

I have not had a single issue with this phone!!Good Battery!Good Camera!Fun apps!Durable!Highly Recommend!!Great Price!!

It's a usable smartphone, and that's it. I previously used a iPhone4, and Lumia 520 does not impress me very much. In fact, after several weeks of using Lumia, I even missed my iPhone 4 even thought it is quite slow now.Advantage:1. low price no contract smartphone.2. expandable storage.3. Offline maps and navigation.4. transferring files between computer and the phone is easy and quick.5. Integrated with Skydrive.6. Microsoft Onenote app.7. Windows Phone OS runs smooth even though the ram is just 512 MB.Disadvantage1. poor phone camera. Do not pick this phone if you like to take photos using the smartphone.2. long wait of "Resuming..." screen when switching to another app.3. some hyperlinks are difficult to touch when surfing using the Internet Explorer. Sometimes I thought I touched the hyperlink, but nothing happened or even worse the other link is opened.4. voice volume can not set separately for phone itself and the earphone.5. calendar event reminder cannot set as "remind me before 5 minute start". Instead, it is more like a clock alarm setting, as it can only set as something like "remind me after 5 minutes".EDIT: I can set "remind me before ... minutes or hours" when I create the event or edit the event. But once the reminder is activated, I can only choose "Snooze for ... minutes"; I cannot set it to "remind me again before ... minutes". Maybe I can re-edit the event to set it, but that's an awkward way.6. The search button on the bottom right corner is easy to be touched by mistakes. And there is no way to disable it or rebind it to other apps/functions instead of the seldom used Bing search.7. Awkward way to create a playlist through the phone. I cannot simply select the songs and save to a playlist. Instead I need to add the songs to the "now playing" queue first. But the "now playing" queue usually has songs which I played previously but do not want to save to the playlist. However, there is no obvious way to clear the queue until I google search the answer - play a single song which I want to save to the playlist and then add the other songs to the "now playing" queue.

Very nice phone for its price and my daughter love it. This phone is a little bit thinner than the nokia 521 that T-mobile uses but works exactly the same.

one day im buying this phone

After a month it just doesn't work anymore and Nokia says warranty not valid if bought through amazon so now I have 99$ down the drain

The buttons for this fone sucks !!! They end up not working after a while so there's no way to turn on your fone its cheap!

*This phone will randomly turn off***Apps don't stay open so as soon as you exit the app or internet your data is lostwhich is one of the most annoying features*The there command buttons on the bottom don't have backlight***You cant fast forward video like a normal phone, instead you have to repeatedlyclick a arrow which only fast forwards in 30 second increments*Very slowAll around bad phone don't waste your money

It's cheap. So it' ok

I'm not up on the latest phones or their capabilities, just a Dad trying to get my son a versatile and reliable cell phone for Christmas. This was offered for $39.95 as an Amazon super deal just before the holidays, so I bit. Now I know why people shun Microsoft products and prefer Apple's more stable operating system.After just a couple months, the phone seized up with a visual display of two interlocking gears running permanently on the screen. We went to the local Microsoft store for assistance, but their proposed fix didn't work and my son lost all his photos as well as several priceless videos he had taken at a concert. He was heartbroken and I felt like a cheapskate for having been too stingy to buy him a more reliable iPhone. The phone is completely non-functional at this point. No wonder the phone was offered by Amazon at such a steep discount. Caveat emptor.

With the Nokia phone the only part that works ok is the Voice calls.If I try to use any of the data links I invariably get the &#34;no network connection.

Great first 'smartphone', I found the battery life to be outstanding and the instructions to be very easy to follow for a first time user.

I got this phone to play xbox phone games and to just mess around with music and images, works for that!

We are just using it and so far we like it but may be I will add more later. It is temporary gap filler while we are going for iPhone 5s.

Buy this phone ONLY if you intend to use it on the AT&T; network.Wasted almost 2 weeks trying to unlock it.Thankfully, Amazon is a great vendor and agreed to take this phone back.AT&T; - BO-O-O!!!!!

I just love this phone.  I can't find one thing wrong with it. I paid $40 more with AT&T than amazon, but don't care because I love this phone.  It' easy to use and much like an iPad.  I call it the smartphone for dummies.

This phone competes with a Samsung Galaxy S3 performance wise.  I found this hard to believe because the specs on hardware are no where near that of the most popular android phones.  The operating system has much less lag and glitches compared to android.  One of the reasons is windows standardizes everything.  This helps make a more uniform experience and causes less conflicting OS issues.  Windows also requires a hardware min requirement for the phones.  This model has the bare min of 512 MB so you won't be able to run all the apps but most of them.  The screen of this phone is the same as the high and much more expensive 600 series.  The screen (turned on brightest in settings) performs well in outdoor sunlight.  The speaker lets you turn on the music and enjoy a very high quality.  The phone also comes with a ton of standard apps which save money and come as a nice package.  I would check with friends who use ATT on the 4G HSPA+ network ( Not LTE!) before buying.  The area I live in does not have their backhaul capability.  So they said I would get 15 meg downloads... I get 2-3.  If I checked with friends first I would have easily caught this as part of the buying decision. Sadly those speeds still pawn Sprint (boost mobile, virgin mobile, cricket wireless) here.

Basically, I only use 3 functions on this cellphone. To make phone calls, to send text messages and to take pictures.The performance of the 3 functions meets my requirement. I am very satisfied.

Great phone .  Great Price.. Like windows.  I would reccommend this phone.  Like that it is a no contract phone.  Make sure you upgrade software for call blocking and other features.

Hello amazon,Lumia 520 phone is amazing but still now i can't able to unlock the phone. not yet used till now.so we need unlock code or software for using nokia lumia 520.kindly do the needful.Note:we Purchase more than 30 mobiles but no one can unlock till now.pls do the needful.

I bought this for my wife who does not own a smart phone due to overpriced required data plans. She wanted a cheap but good MP3 player. This is a great MP3 player and significantly cheaper than anything comparable to it. You can use a microSD card as well to increase the storage if you like. It also comes with Nokia Music (edit: now called Nokia Mix Radio), so if you are at a gym with wifi you have a great selection of free music available to you. Plus you could use one of several other standard popular music apps if for some reason the Nokia music app didn't meet your needs. The Nokia apps really seem to make this device.You also do not need to be on a data plan to use the maps that come with the device.The calendar and other Windows apps are nice. It sounds as if the upcoming 8.1 update may possibly fix the issue with Google calendars syncing to it. The camera took a bit of learning but I would say it competes with most other smart phone cameras and cheap compact cameras.I can not review the actual phone ability or AT&T; service because we did not buy it for that reason and have not ever used it for that. To my understanding you can pay for that and it appears to be very affordable in comparison to most contract plans.

I bought this as a backup phone just in case my primary phone breaks. I was pleasantly surprised to discover that it is pretty fast and the user experience is fluid and responsive. If you happen to like Windows Phone and you're on a strict budget, I would wholeheartedly recommend this phone!

great phone but it did not include a micro sd card the phone is not even working with at&t i cant even use it it will not connect to a mobile network the only thing that works on the phone is the online apps and other online stuff but as for using it as a phone it wont let me when you call 611 for at&t it doesnt ring or make a sound it just drops every call you try.  text doesnt work and address book is all kinds of weird and difficult either it needs the sd card or it just doesnt work. i am very disapointed in this phone even comes in a go phone box that says how to get you started soon and all that bs i followed the instructions but when it came to putting the micro sd card in a was screwed since it wasnt in the box!!!!!!! dont buy this phone go to a real store and buy it.

Best selling Windows phone. Works great in all departments. Can't get a better model or smart go phone in this price range.Got to know 2 differences between Nokia 520 and Nokia 521 (T-Mobile)520 is bit smaller than 521520 does not mention 4G support where as 521 does

This is a great phone! (for someone who's never owned an Iphone) It has so many features: voice text, app downloads, tons of storage, and takes awesome pictures and videos (to name a few of my faves) It is a Microsoft windows phone. Not a problem for me. You can rearrange the icons however you want and delete the ones you don't need. The phone was packaged almost way too good, took me twenty mins to get it out! Also: The sim card is the new small updated one so you will have to go to AT&T to have them switch over your info onto the new sim card. Had it for a month, no problems, no freezing, no nothing. I love it.

Hi, I bought this Nokia Lumia 520 phone at WalMart. and it appears to be the best go phone ever. I mean it has xbox live, I mean you can play xbox games on it. I already scored 120 gold and I don't even have an xbox. How cool is that. And if you did have an xbox, you can totally use this phone as a game controller. A ton of apps you can download from the phones app store. It seem to have a.really good screen resolution. And much more. Very, very awesome go phone. I would totally recommend this phone to anybody who is looking to buy one.

Bought this for my husband and he loves it.

For the price, this phone is a good value!  Like most electronic gadgets, it takes a little getting use to, but with that having been said, I have zero-complaints. A larger screen, though nice, also costs more. Conversely, the 520's 4&#34; screen is large enough to read, thus manageable. Its Windows operating system  --though not an Android-, functions very well.

Bought this for my young teenager as a gift. He really likes it and enjoys all the cool features. For $40.00 bucks it surpassed my expectations. I wish I would have purchased two. Oh well, next time.Thanks,  Amazon for the quick delivery even though it was out of stock at the time of checkout.

The phone works better than expected for the price. I bought this for my kids and they love it. Also, again you can't beat this price at all!

This phone is perfect for anyone who needs a smart device for an affordable price.  Interface is user friendly and intuitive.  Icons are large, colorful and alive.  Much better than any iPhone or iPod device.

I can not use that support in Turkey for At & tI'm the victim can not open anywhereI would say that the product is very nice

Everything she wanted and more, I would recommend this phone to anyone! I am very satisfied with this cell phone!

Very Economical Smartphone with lots of features.The only flaw is that it has loose back cover  which eventually restarts that phone if you press hard.

I use the Win8 system in this phone from Androi, but it is so easy to get into familiar with it.

For the money, it's a deal. I bought one for myself and my wife. Then bought another for my mom when she saw it and liked it. Using them on the Straight Talk $45/month unlimited plan. Can't complain.

It works well enough for me. I don't need all the bells and whistles. I wish that the speaker phone was louder, but overall worth the money.

WOW....great bang for the buck here on the Nokia Lumia 520....I paid $90 for it on another site and purchase the prepaid AT&T $25 refill card on a monthly basis...only get 250 minutes with UNLIMITED text and no data,however I don't talk a lot on the the cell and use the wifi at home if I would want to surf the web on a 4 inch screen....and NO 2 YEAR CONTRACT...YIPPEEE

This phone is great, purchased this as a Go Phone for ATT and it comes with a USB cable, power adapter, battery in the box. It works for existing ATT (pre-paid and post-paid) customers out of the box with no need to unlock.The only gripe is the screen resolution but for the screen size, it works. Since this phone is eligible for the Windows 8.1 update also, buying this phone is a no-brainer if you want a backup phone or someone wanting to enter the Windows phone world taking the price into consideration.Look for MWebb's review on April 7, 2014 for a good detail on things that can be done on this phone without unlocking!!

Nokia is fast and easy to use,would recommend highly, Im happy with it! Does some things that I dont know why,, but I should read book LOL

I bought this to replace my iPhone 4s, which had a cracked screen and was starting to have some issues. We are on the AT&T; go phone plan, and I couldn't afford to pay $700 for a phone. I found this and for the price I figured I would try it. I love this phone! Now, you have to keep in mind that this is an inexpensive phone, so it's not going to compare to say, the Galaxy S5. But, the screen is clear, I love the live tiles, which are customizable, and the apps all work wonderfully. Plus, there is an awesome radio service, and you can download mixes to listen too offline, and also there are excellent GPS functions. The App Store isn't as extensive as apple or android, but they have most of the apps I want so that hasn't been big as of a drawback as I thought it would. The battery life is excellent, I can use it all day and still have battery left when I go to bed. The only con I have found is that the camera isn't that great. There is no front facing camera, which isn't a big thing for me, I don't video call a lot and I have my iPad for that. The back camera is a little disappointing. It takes good pictures outside, but with no flash it doesn't do great indoors.Overall, this is an excellent phone for the price! I have definitely become a windows phone convert!

I ordered this phone to have as a backup for my contract phone being shut off, and its good for what its worth, not the best smart phone in terms of features and apps, but good enough to use.

The poor man's iPhone is what I tell everyone this is but honestly I think it has more bang for your buck. Not a lot of big company app support so you have to do a bit of searching to get what you need. If one of the newer versions was available for gophone I would definitely upgrade. The Lumia series is best phone I've owned.

i just love the phone it is very cool and i like how it is. its a lot better then my old phone so glad this one is my new one.

This is our first windows phone and while it has some learning curve, it works well. The interface and touch sensitivity is awesome. Good phone for less than 100 without any contracts.

I have never in my life had a smart phone, always wanted one but thought they were too expensive! I saw this one on Amazon, and bought it. They added it to my sons phone plan, and everyday I find I'm learning something new about it. I don't have everything down pat on it but I'm learning. It took me 2 days to figure out how to send a text but now it is easy and fast. I told my son who has always had smartphones how much I love this one and he laughs at me and just shakes his head, and tells me mom, stupid people should not buy smartphones!!! We both get a laugh out of it, and I wouldn't trade it for anything!!!! Thanks for a great deal....

This phone for that price?? Its totally awesome. Windows phone 8 is great hardly any lag or stutter anywhere. Its just smooth through out the OS. The 5MP camera actually takes surprisingly good pictures. Throw in the Facebook , twitter integration built in... and you have a winner . Totally recommend it.

The battery lasts long and the games run smoothly and the sound quality is good. The screen resounds quickly and the camera takes good pictures and videos.

This phone suits our needs well.  It replaced an old-style flip phone that didn't have any features.  Since we've never had a smart phone before, we're still figuring out some of the features.  We're used to the Android OS on our Kindle Fire's.  This has Windows, and seems pretty intuitive once we figure out all the icons.  All in all, we're happy with the purchase.

Pricked this up over x-mas for $50 for our 6 YO daughter.  She doesn't use it activated, just setup to play games, Pandora, watch Netflix, etc.  In a pinch it can be used as a 911 phone too, since all phones have to allow 911 access even if you don't have a cell plan.Only thing to note is that this phone only has 512 megs of memory.  There are a few games on WP that won't work yet on phones with less than 1GB.  Generally they get around to revising them later after they come out to work on the lower amount of RAM, but just something to be aware of.

Love my Windows phone! Easy to learn and use... :-) I had someone on stand by for assistance but didn't need the help. I figured it out and love the options. Yeah, I recommend it! I had a straight talk phone which is at &t compatible so it was an easy transfer.

I have owned this phone for a couple of months and it sucks .Att offers terrible service packages and Bill Gates had to be stoned to approve dis crap.:-X

power button broke after 2 months...just bought a new android. never buying windows again! i dont like the exposed buttons on the sides

I used to be a Nokia supporter and loyalist, but I have to say this phone is not up to my expectations. Most of the issues are with windows phone as opposed to Nokia, but it was Nokia's choice to go with windows mobile (as opposed to Android for example).Pros:1) Good phone with all basic features of a standard smart phone2) GPS capability even in offline mode (I have not tested this, and I don't use GPS for my driving. So this plus point is irrelevant to me)Cons:1) The contacts cannot be stored on the phone. The windows OS forces you to sync with one of the many online accounts such as hotmail, windows live, facebook, Nokia customer account etc. This is a BIG MINUS for me. As much as I understand the usefulness of such a feature, I believe Nokia (or windows) has no right to force that way of storing contacts on their customers. There are folks like me who don't want to keep our contacts in hotmail or other email accounts. The issue is exacerbated by the fact that I keep many many contacts in my email acccount like hotmail that includes my insurance agent, and other businesses I work with on a sporadic basis. I don't want all those showing up in my phone cluttering my contact list. If I have 150 contacts in my hotmail or google account, I probably call only 20 of them on a regular basis (or even occasional basis) - so I want to store only my essential contacts in my phone locally. Also I can't throw my office contacts in my hotmail account, and without an office server to connect to, and not  being able to store my work colleagues locally on my phone, this is a real mess. I would give a rating of 1 just for this reason. I want to keep my contacts locally on my phone, and so far it has not been possible. This causes me a lot of trouble.2) Cramped keyboard buttons resulting in wrong typing more often than acceptable3) Very few apps in windows marketplace. Nowhere near Android.4) Camera quality is not great (but this doesn't matter to  me too much).I don't care about GPS feature, I need a good smartphone that will allow me to keep my contacts stored locally, providing access to useful apps. This phone fails to provide me with that experience. The fault is mostly on windows mobile platform as opposed to Nokia - but at the end they are inseparable when it comes to end user experience.I switched from Android, and if I can go back in time, I would avoid purchasing this phone and stay with some Android device.

Nice phone extremely complicated to set up.

I have been buying things online for well over 5 years now and I have never once written a review for a product. This phone blew me away so much that I am here writing my review.I got it from the Microsoft store for 63 dollars including taxes and shipping. Along with the phone, they threw in an extra back cover. You can chose the color for the extra cover, I swap between my black and red back covers. Coming to the phone itself, I could not be more impressed. I had been using a Lumia 920 for the past year and a half and recently broke it pretty badly. Looking for a new windows phone, I decided to give this a go especially since it was so inexpensive and that too off-contract. I notice no lag on this phone compared to my 920. The credit for this entirely goes to the light weight windows OS. I have used iOS and Android phones in the past and still have a few phones lying around. Comparing this phone to the flagship products of other companies, I can say with high confidence that you should not think twice before getting this phone.Pros:Great ValueSnappy OSSolid ConstructionGreat Quality Photos for a 5 MP CameraGreat SpeakersSolid Batter that lasts LongExpandable StorageRemovable Back Cover (the cover has the physical buttons - so if the buttons go awry, just swap the cover)Cons:No Flash LightNo Front Facing Camera (not really a biggie, unless you videochat from the phone)Screen Resolution (I feel bad pointing this out, the resolution is fine but not as good as the flagship products. But hey, you are getting this phone for a tenth of the price)Overall, I would be really disappointed if this phone does not sell like a hot commodity that it really is.

I have the ATT pay phone plan and all it costs me is $100 per year (10 cents per minute) because I rarely use it. an inexpensive flip phone was only $20 less but the functionality and much better reception as a touch phone is why I got this one to replace my ancient - three generations back - original phone.

This phone was better than i thought, great for the cheap price you are paying, came in right on time, only a little smaller than a galaxy, but overall not bad for the price

It is good phone , fast respond , simple , easy to use , long battery life , need to improve , more free app complare with iphone or android

I have not used it as a smart phoen more of a mini tablet with not cell connection but I like the phone very much

Missing front camera and flash, not as expected, not sure if I would recommend as we all like to take pics of ourselves

I'm not big on smart phones so if you are like me and just want an up to date phone and a fair price this is your phone.  The one drawback will be. If you are used to a phone like an iOS or android that has a very wide variety of apps a windows phone in General is not your phone. Just a note you need an MSN or Xbox account to make any purchases on a windows phone.

It's good but I need some kind of code to Unlock it because It's not Unlocked Factory and I'm not from de United States :(

Awesome phone beautiful, for the price it is under priced , has lots of nice features  I wouldn't give it up for  an Iphone or samsung  the Nokia cellphone company been around for a long time that why they are number 1 seller cellphones world wide, buy it buy it!!

This phone, considering the current selling price (69.99$), is worth more than the money spent on it. Here are the reasons why:1. Its a smart phone and comparable with any smartphone out in the market. Not just in the price range of $100 but with those sold for $200-300. The windows app store is not right there with apple or android app store but it offers most of the commonly used apps such as Pandora, you tube, whats app, wechat, Facebook, Google maps, etc.2. Nice and smooth browsing experience. Its just $70 and it makes you feel like you have a high end phone.3. The Nokia apps for GPS and music are freaking awesome. Music browsing features and associated options are very user-friendly. Nokia music app lets the user to create his own music mixes while also letting the user to download up to four mixes which can be used offline. Isn't it awesome, huh?4. Storage: This phone comes with 8 GB on-board storage capacity, which is good for storing as many apps that a regular person could use. Moreover, it supports micro SD cards up to 64 GB, which is humongous to store loads of music.5. The only thing i would have preferred to have is a high capacity battery. This phone is equipped with a 1430 mAh battery which could last no more than one day. I wish it had a higher capacity battery, and wouldn't have regretted paying $15-20 for that. But, given the price, battery is good too.Verdict: 4.5/5, and the deduction of 0.5 is for the lack of satisfactory battery life. Overall, i really like the phone. I purchased $150-200 worth phones before and no phone had given me a better experience than Nokia Lumia 520.

Was able to get this phone as a lightning deal for my daughter for christmas. $30.00 phone is perfect for teens. ATT has a $40.00 pay as you go plan which is perfect since I now never worry about overages. Teaches teens how to be responsible with minutes,texts and data. Since she is responsible for her phone she never goes over. Win win.

I have always been using android phones and I would say I'm kind of addicted to Google ecosystem. I tried the windows phone and surface tablets and found that it's easy to survive with windows ecosystem. And it's nice to try new things.As to which platform is better, I don't know. As long as it can suit your needs conveniently I would say it's good.Skydrive -- Google driveSkype  -- Google hangoutsLive mail -- GmailBing maps -- Google mapsNokia here drive -- Google navigationBing search -- Google searchAnd both have their own unique features: Google now, windows live tiles etc.

Hey can someone tell me how much the tax is

I tried to like Windows&#8230; I preached that I would not fold to the I-cult, its inflated prices, and restricted permissions but with this phone and Windows 8 I&#8217;m done with the Windows ride. I have never seen a company set the standard then change it so drastically that is alienates its original supporters to the extent Microsoft has.Anyways this is my first Nokia phone and the build quality is great problem is the software. My biggest problem is that the phone has limited apps that work about 75% of the time and no flash for the camera. Bottom line is if you like the new windows format I&#8217;m sure this phone is a great match but my wife; who got a Windows 8 laptop in November and me, who got this phone in November have decided our 2  month experiment was a mistake. I am replacing this phone with an android and wishing luck and patience to all current windows users.

You get what you pay for in this phone. It's not particularly high quality, and there is no front camera. Running on Windows 8, there are not many apps or other such options.

Windows os in this phone sucked, could not even kill an app. Won't purchase even for $50.

If you want a lumia 520 to use on straight talk get this one. The international one works but only on GSM and EDGE cellular networks. This one works with 3G and 4G and is cheaper than the international one.

We already had a AT&T plan and was looking for a phone for my teenage son.  This phone was easy to set up and he has found it very easy to use.  He especially likes that is can connect to his XBOX account.  We did have one issue on the second day with the &#34;Blue Screen of Death&#34;.  I easily found a way to reset it through a google search and we have had no issues since.

This Nokia Lumia 520 GoPhone is good for anyone who does not have contract with ATT carrier.  I have this phone just few day ago.  It works great.  However, the ringtone does not give you much option to choose.DJ916

So great I got 2 more! Love this windows phone.  It has all I need.  I love how I can make it my own, with the tiles and love the apps!

Excellent phone; works beautifully!  Fast; easy to toggle between screens.  Only problem I noticed is that it is difficult to find an external speaker cord that fits.

I got this phone for $70, which is not the lowest it was at ($40) but still a very cheap price.First the pros:*Very touch sensitive display. Can even be used with thin gloves!*About 4.7GB of free space (OS takes up the rest) built into the phone.*Great audio quality and reception. This rivals or beats every other phone I've had except maybe the Lumia 710. Can't vouch for the microphone quality as I haven't asked any of my friends how I sound on the other side.*WP8 (up to each individual to perceive this as a pro or con. I personally like the user interface but am eagerly waiting for a notification center and the ability to pin settings to the home screen and IE to save user names and passwords and... the list goes on).*Snappy speed when it comes to accessing built-in features.*reasonably good camera, especially for its price.*Nice responsive keyboard. I've had a few android devices and am always amazed that the touch input is still about twice as laggy as Iphone. I'm glad Microsoft chose to go the Apple route and design their OS on responding to touch as fast as possible. It isn't always consciously noticeable but the keyboards on IOS and WP8 have quicker hap-tic feedback and feel more &#34;crisp&#34; than any Android device Ive ever used (including the 2013 Nexus 7). The only area Android bests their competition is with swype. Swyping is FAST once one gets used to it.Now the cons:*About 1.5-2 days of battery life with light usage. I know this is typical for smartphones but I would love to have 5 days with light usage like I used to with my Nokia E71.*Mediocre display. Some people might complain about the 800x400 or so resolution but to be honest that is enough for a phone of this size. The issues with the display are its viewing angles, washed out colors, low max brightness, and no oleo-phobic coating.*3-5 second load times (sometimes up to 10 seconds?!?) when opening applications, including Nokia applications that have first party status.*sharp feeling corners/edges when the phone is pressed to the ear. This is fairly bothersome, and I need to always keep the phone away from my ear a little because of this.*WP8 eye candy is kind of slow to transition between views. Microsoft should include the ability to speed up the animations.*capacitive buttons at the bottom of the screen are hard to press consistently, the active area is not well defined visually. This has been a problem I've had with all my touchscreen phones. I guess I just hate capacitive buttons at the bottom of phones...Bottom line, the hardware in this phone is above average for late 2013 (taking into account more than just the CPU). WP8 lags less than Android for user interface touch actions but it takes longer for applications to open. If you don't mind WP8 and considering $70 price tag, the performance of this phone is phenomenal and is definitely worth it.

I bought this phone when it was $100 and now it is $70 which is a steal at this price.Only con of this phone so far is the app ecosystem and the in-ability to lock screen orientation.But the camera and screen are on par with any smartphone out there.For the price its most definitely worth the buy.

I bought this phone for a friend going out of the country because you advertised that it was unlocked. I was very disappointed when I got a call from my friend stating that the phone was still locked. This is false advertisement and very disturbing news to me.

Great phone.  Though its still a windows phone.  Lacks many menu options that my galaxy phone has.  Compatability with other devices doesnt always work out.  Touch screen responds great,  some cool interactive tiles make the phone fun once you get over the learning curve.  Overall...pretty good bang for the buck but andriod still kicks its butt hard.

Great for tweens who are just beginning to use the smartass phones. Though not for long term use as Microsoft is notorious for being a complete slacker in serving the end user. One more thing: Microsoft has egregiously violated 1st and 4th Amendment rights of citizens by volunteering private cellphone data to the govt. BEWARE.

I got one off of another site for 80$ - wish I had seen the 60$ deal here on Amazon - but even for the 80 dollars, this phone was a steal.While I call this phone &#34;Amazing for the price&#34; don't read that in the wrong way: This is an great phone all together - made amazing by the fact that you can pick this up off contract for so cheap.The Windows Phone UI is fantastic, integration with Facebook is the best on any platform, and it is FAST, I would say even faster than the top of the line Andriod phones like the Samsung Galaxys.The biggest complaint people have about it is that there aren't as many apps as iOS or Android but most popular apps have versions on Windows Phone that are just made by 3rd parties (and in some cases are even better than the official versions) - such as 6 tag for Instagram, 6sec for Vine, myTube for YouTube.

The day I got this phone i wasn't working right and still wasn't the day i SENT IT BACK. It kept turning its self on and all all the time. no the battery was not loose. Then finally it just quit and wouldn't turn on at all...even on the charger. I do not recommend this phone at all. Its a waist of time and money.

This type of gophone was a great option instead of a new contract phone until later or price drops down

it did not meet my needs because my volume button had broke off the side so I wasnt able to turn it up .

I have an iPhone 5S and I wanted to try a Windows 8 phone. I bought this on sale. Of course, it does not have all the features that iPhone 5s has. To think otherwise is unrealistic, as this can be purchased for $50. Just using it as an MP3 player is worth the price. Windows 8 is really nice. You can use the phone without activating it, as all other features are usable. In terms of price/feature ratio, it is better than iPhone or other android phones.

Hands down the best Windows Phone at this price range, if there even are others. Its really a lot of awesome for such a small price. You get all of the Windows Phone services like Onedrive, Office, all running smoothly, plus all the great nokia stuff like the Here apps, and MixRadio. The camera is nothing to write home about, but it is serviceable and I don't think it will disappoint too many people for the price.

My daughter loves her NL 520 GoPHone.  She uses it every day and not once has she encountered any problems with it.

It is like a plastic toy. The battery is very easy to run out. I need to charge the phone every day. And the plan is not good. There cheapest plan to choose is 25 dollar per month. However, no international call, nor internet data. If you want to use data, you need to do some extra things. Inconvenient

Well, this is a Windows phone. At the beginning  I didn't like, but I used it just for work, and this model is highly functional. Now I'm taking out some applications, not useful for me, like : games; radio; here.com; Nokia cinematograph; etc.

So you have some perspective of this review let me say.... I'm am not a heavy phone user. I'm always late to the technology party. This phone is replacing a 'flip phone'. I've never texted. We were changing service from Sprint to Consumer Cellular so I had to shop for an unlocked phone. The price on this phone was very reasonable, so I figured I'd try a 'smart' phone and see how it goes.I've been really happy. It is surprisingly simple to operate. Windows 8 has not been a problem. It comes with One Note and that's a nice feature. There are decent instructions on-line and a printed sheet with the phone. It's not as small as a flip phone but fits in my jeans okay. I haven't tried any apps so I can't address how might work with them. My connections are much better I've only had one dropped call (although this may be do to the change in service - not the phone). Texting has been very easy - this phone has a built in microphone and speech recognition software so you can talk into the phone and as you do the phone types the message!! It does this incredibly well.The only feature I miss from my old phone is speed dial and the only feature I'm disappointed with is the camera. Not intuitive and focus/exposures are slow??

I purchased this phone back in September and absolutely love it. Such a cheap price but it has the feel of a $500 phone. The only thing I can find wrong with it is no front facing camera or flash but other than that, I am in love. Nokia hit a grand slam with this one!

This was my first phone with apps capabilities.  I purchased it trying to move into the new more technical oriented world we live in.  The first month we purchased the 60 dollar package because we were going out of town and wanted to try out some of the new bells and whistles that came on the phone. I also wasn't sure regarding downloading the apps or how that worked. We live in a rather remote area and although we have wifi at the house we are also in a very dead zone when it comes to service providers.  I was thrilled to learn upon receiving my phone that it was wifi capable which meant that even in my dead zone area I could utilize my household wifi to use my phone (is you get internet package make sure to turn off you wifi capabilities upon leaving the hot spot, advice given to me from customer service regarding my phone and internet usage). On the road we did not have near as much luck connecting to the internet.  I have since downsized my package to the basic much cheaper plan and are utilizing wifi hot spots for internet searching and simply downloading to a 32 gb micro SD card we got on clearance for storing all photos, music and maps we may need when driving to unknown locations.  I bought this to phone as a multipurpose tool. I use it as an MP3 player with an arm holder for running, I use it as an on the go portfolio of pictures of the foster dogs with our rescue, as well as making phone calls and text messages with it.  I love the programming and the ease of use and it didn't take very long for me to become fluid in its usage.  Was a little scared of the concept of Windows 8 phone but once I got my feet wet decided that the programming was a good thing.  There are many tutorials online for how to tweek or adjust your phone.  Only downside to this phone I have found so far was the skins are difficult to find locally but are very affordable online.  I can honestly say this phone has won me over to the more complex phones and opened up my world to all the wonderful things they can do.  I wasn't that impressed with the camera but it was a big step up from my old phone but still not near as clear or defined as my 18 mp dslr. But it is much easier to carry and haven't played around with it enough to master it at this point.  But do love the auto focus capability for picture capturing.  It does make life much easier. It does not have a flash but most of the shots I get I try to make sure there is plenty of natural light simply because a flash can distort colors so badly. The video programming caught decent footage and would work in a pinch to capture footage of something worth saving.  Love the graphics capabilities of this phone and told my husband my pictures looked better on this than they did in the small prints I carry in my wallet.  I gave this 5 stars because so far all my experiences with this camera make it well worth the money spent. Not extremely happy with Go Phone customer Service but they have worked with me to help resolve any issues I had and the particular phone I purchased came brand new straight out of the packaging with no issues of any kind with the programming or performance.  I was told when I had an issue I must have been between towers which may have been true I was pretty far back in the woods when I tried to access my apps.  Husband has been carrying my phone to work for the last week while we get some issues with his new phone resolved and now wants this phone or one very similar because even he loves this phone and he is one very hard customer when it comes to cell phones and what he will deal with regarding ease of use and durability.

I didn't think I would like a windows phone. I was an iPhone addict for many years until the monthly bills got just way too high. I think I've tried just about every other phone on the market and finally broke down and bought this inexpensive windows model. I really like it. Battery is good, calls never drop, and I like having everything right there in front of me on one screen. I just may become a true fan, but only time will tell.

I have bought this phone for my wife's birthday. The phone has a good battery life and its functions are very nice. this is the first windows phone that my wife had and she was very impressed with how easy it is to utilize.

i bought this in September, its February and already the power button messed up last month and now i cant hear when someone calls me or they cant hear me unless i put it on speaker

Great phone but I gave it to the wife I bought the 820 but the go phone was very cool

I got this phone today, and I have tried downloading aps, but it takes over 20 minutes and still no download. Its a good phone but I would like to know why the downloading is so slow.

This phone has no competition at its price.  Smooth UI and growing ecosystem along with some nice extras like Nokia music make this the best choice under 150 dollars.

Hello,I did what's necessary for the releasing of the device and I am at present in wait(expectation) (releasing of this type(chap) every 15 days only.Cordially.Philippe Dumon

I GOT WHAT I EXACTLY WANTED  I'M SO PROUD TO HAVE NOKIA LUMIA WINDOW PHONE AND ITS DESERVES HATS UP,THANKS NOKIA

I'm still getting a hang of the windows OS but the phone works well and I don't have any complaints.

It's att but I went with H2O for price. Phone works well for my needs. Would recommend to anyone. thumbs up

I am learning how to use the phone and there are so many tutorials on line you can use .. the phone is awesome and i am so happy i purchased it ... they have just as many apps as android and apple ..... i love my Nokia

I already have a newer phone and only bought this because it was $40 and I don't have a backup phone. When I received the 520, I threw my micro sim in it to test it out...and didn't switch back for 3 days. Bear in mind, my daily driver is a Nexus 5, so the fact that I didn't get bored or need to switch back for utility was pretty impressive.Pro's:Compact 4&#34; screen, think iPhone 5 or the old Atrix 4g, very good size and pocket-able.Smooth UI, very little lag. 1ghz dual core and 512mb ram seem to work well.MicroSD card slot and Removeable battery. Most new phones don't have this.Nokia Drive gps lets you download maps and use GPS completely offline.Camera is great. Honestly probably the best camera on a &#60;$150 phone, maybe even up to $200+.Con's:Windows 8 still lacking in Apps, not the phones fault.Battery is kind of small, but if you use normal/sparingly it will last more than a day (Auto-bright helps a LOT).The removable back comes off easier than i'd like.No flash/light. Knew this buying it, and would probably increase price, so not taking a star off. Just turn the brightness up and flip the phone around if you need light.For $40-70 you really can't beat this. Don't even need to use the phone, throw a 16/32+ Microsd in it and you have a killer MP3/GPS/Game/Wifi unit. Did a 30 minute GPS run in my car and only used 10% battery.

I got my phone in October 2013, It's been exactly 3 months now and I can't even get my screen to appear!For the first two months it worked perfectly and then it stopped working as well, slowed down and stopped turning on! For the $99.99 I spent on it, it was NOT WORTH it after all(since it lasted only 3 months). I haven't even dropped it once!

I wanted another media player to replace my trusty but now almost obsolete Zune HD. For $69 this fits the bill. I don't use this as a phone. Just to play music. Added a micro SD card and I am good. Lot's of music alternatives from Xbox Music to Pandora, etc. I had the Zune pass, since converted to Xbox music pass so I can download virtually anything in the catalog for the cost of my monthly sub.

I have had so many phones hated most of them liked a few never loved one until now easy to work nice look touch screen is right on when I received it didn't have to tweak with it such a great phone my husband wants one and now my sisters as well, well made have dropped it when trying to get it out of packaging held up just fine.

After viewing some YouTube clips indicating this was possible, I bought this to use it's GPS function when no cell signal was available. That didn't work out. No matter, I'll just use it as a cheap business phone. Let's just say I'd rather sit quietly in a corner and jam forks in my temples than deal with Windows OS and it's family of blindingly lame apps. Hats off to folks who can use this thing to get stuff done.

Because everything is perfect except that viber is not ringing when someone calls you and you will have a missed call

Wow, where do I start with this phone. Ok, this phone is amazing. All of your favorite apps work, like Skype, YouTube. I received this phone on Friday, and have been hooked ever since. I watch YouTube videos, download songs, browse google, make Skype calls, its all good on this phone, more like perfect. For those who are big YouTube watchers like myself, you cannot fast forward or rewind YouTube videos on this phone like you normally would on a PC but rather simply, keep hitting the fast forward button. At,first I didn't like that, but got used to it, so it fast towards by the minute. Also, camera is pretty darn good. It is a better camera than the iPod 4, that's for sure. Finally, battery life,lasts really long and charges quick. It is so convenient it even comes with a charging plug, so you can charge your hone by,a near by outlet. Wow, awesome phone with an awesome price to match. If you are looking for a phone to meet your Normal phone expectations,BUY THIS PHONE , it is  better than those over priced iPhone's and ipods, that everyone feels so obligated in buying, just because everyone ELSE has one. PLEASE BUY THIS PHONE, IT IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER HAD WITH THE BEST MONEY I HAVE EVER SPENT.For only roughly $100 dollars, it is a phone worth buying. The only difference I can think of between the iphone and this phone is more game apps, but like WHO CARES!? As for everything else: Youtube, Skype, browsing, camera, it's awesome. Oh camera does not have flash, but again, not a big deal, you are making up for that tiny disadvantage with the very low payment of ONLY $100 bucks... Wow, I can't get over how inexpensive that is, for the condition it is working in. :) I'm so happy I bought this phone. :)

Great devices that do the job as good as there more expensive higher levels. Android can only wish there low end functioned as well as there high-end.

As a Windows Phone, this Nokia Lumia 520  does everything that I would like.  I basically use it as an extra go-phone, but the multimedia capabilities makes for an even bigger bonus.  It may be missing a couple of bells and whistles, but they are the ones that I do not care about anyway.  As a multimedia device, go-phone and well built piece of equipment.  I can only recommend giving this phone a try.  I think you will like it.

GREAT PHONE _ BUT !! since last week AT&T chnged their policy - there is NO WAY to unlock this phone !!! i`m stuck now. ONLY if you have AT&T you can enjoy this phone big time. great phone.

Eh my samsung was better. The phone is great but windows has nothing on samsung.

it the best phone I ever had it has ever thing I need to get the job done and it has neatness

This phone has excellent performance.  I am not great fan of Windows phone.  However, this one impressed me. This phone has excellent performance in terms of camera, touchscreen sensitivity, wi-fi, navigation, and in all other respects.I have a complaint about at&t; gophone package.  I sent an email to them with the following contents. Can you send one, please?--------------Hello at&t;,Hundreds of tons of plastics are used in the packing of your GoPhones every year. Most of the buyers of these phones throw the packing materials in the garbage, and some of them land on the sidewalk or street, or somewhere they are not supposed to be. The sharp edges of the packing are not child friendly, at times can be harmful.Using simple recycled paper boxes for packing the Gophones is not only the way to save the future of Earth. We have only one Earth. The future generation would like to see the planet the way it is now, or better and not polluted.The study says the hard plastics take more 20 years to decompose some of them stay forever.  Even the Earth has limited resources, not meant to last forever.  AT&T; can make great contribution by changing the way of the Gophone packing from hard plastic to paper boxes.Some of the prepaid mobile companies have already started using paper boxes.Save the Earth and Go eco-friendly.Thanks for your time.----------------------------their email address is attcustomercare@att.comThanks.

I bought this 2 months back, maintained it perfectly. But I started noticing that the power / lock button wasn't working occasionally. Then it totally stopped working.

I love this phone, it is very intuitive and easy to learn to use.  I have had androids but this just blows them out of the water.  It has twice the ram of my fourth gen iPod touch.  The here navigation is amazing too.  I only have two complaints.  The first problem with the phone is that the top right corner gets warm when running larger apps for extended periods, this is the only phone I have ever had that does this.  The other is that the back comes off when the phone is dropped.  This would be easily fixed with a case, but most of the cases out there for this phone are made for the Lumia 520 and 521.  Despite what they say, these cases do not fit both phones as the 521 is longer than the 520, which means that there is extra room in the case.  Despite those complaints this phone cannot be beat by any phone I have ever owned, and it is at an incredible price.

the IOS on this phone (windows) is still fairly new, so there isn't a ton of things you can really download and use. but the battery life is so much better than i had read about. its very easy to customize, maintain, and the speakers are pretty darn load. nearly hurt myself! (haha)i'd recommend it for new to smartphone platform users, mainly because it wont be so overwhelming with different apps, customization is simplistic, and for the price its a really good deal.

Pro: We love these phones but we just had old regular phones and these are really cool looking. If you want to call, text and use free Wifi - good phone. Many people have their opinions. We didn't want to get on a plan brought these put our SD card in it and it worked fine. We save our money and just have the most basic family service. They do try to sell you that for 40.00 more you can have data plan -- you know - the 40.00 (plus taxes) more is fine in my pocket.Con: You need to have data plan for sending pictures or receiving through the text which I think is ridiculous. We don't want data plan so if someone needs to send you a picture or you need to send pictures not the phone for you. Also, the group texting does not work without data plan. I have tried to send out text messages to more than one person does not work.

As a smartphone, this is pretty lame by today's standards. The screen is so-so, both in brightness and resolution; the construction, while decent, is not fondle worthy; battery life is rotten and poorly managed by the OS; and among the three main phone operating systems, Window Phone is definitely the weak sister, both in terms of number of apps available and general usability. It would be hard to recommend this phone if you had to take a two year contract to get it.But for no contract and $70? Incredible. A steal. It is cheaper than a lot of mp3 players. And a hell of a lot better. You get a camera, GPS, web browser, internet radio, FM radio, smartphone apps (just don't expect a lot of games), full media player, including video. You even get a micro-sd slot, so you can turn an 8 gb phone into a 40 gb phone for about $15 dollars extra.And, of course, it is also a very cheap phone, if you add minutes to it. $25 a month provides basic service, a pretty good deal.I will say that the battery issues are pretty annoying. If you don't turn it completely off, the 520 will run down its battery in about 48 hours, even if you don't use it. Even so, this is a great value.

fast delivery, new in box phone, very happy, etc., would recommend to friend and buy again (my wife wanted one now too lol)

Don't like the phone at all, You can't download ringtones or any good apps. that are popular for daily use.

That is just what I need for moderate use. The camera is also good. I recommend it even if I need to unlock.

does not work. broke face  trying to open back to put battery in  can not get it to work.can not get in touch witch you.i think i spent money  for nothingnot very happy rich

I got this phone for $99 last September for my main phone. I use Net10 unlimited data, text, and talk plan. I get great service, I am not able to send MMS though, but this review isn't for Net10. The call quality is great and sounds just like the iPhone or S4. Speaker is on the back so if you lay it down it muffles the sound, but it is decent. Camera is only 5MP but compares to the iPhone 4s' camera. It has no front camera or compass which stinks, but considering the cost, isn't a deal breaker.The OS that it comes with is Windows Phone 8, it does everything my iPod running iOS 6 does plus more. Windows Phone 8.1 is out now for developers (Look up 'How to get windows phone 8.1' on Bing to see how you can get it. WP 8.1 adds tons of new features like Cortana, optional 3rd row of apps, notification center, and many, many more things.This is, in my opinion, the best, no-contract, sub-$200 phone out there! It even have lots of the features that the $400+ phone have.

i have no unlock code TTi send to other .but phone is ok .good operation and good status.

Good Phone &#65292;but only use with ATT&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;  its very good windows phone  8 for a new windows phone 8  user.

I needed a replacement phone and I was pleasantly surprised to see this online.  For $99, you get the basic experience of a Windows Phone minus the high CPU capability for games.  This is fine if you have another gaming device or tablet, so for me, this was a no brainer.Windows Phone does what you need simply and without much hassle.  Bluetooth works great and with Win8Phone, it plays the audio from your videos over bluetooth with no noticeable lag for me.  Connection to Microsoft Exchange accounts is seemless (I've connected to my work Exchange server and my Office365 Exchange server with no problems).  Calendar sync, email sync, and contacts sync works well also.This is not a super fast phone but I don't necessarily need that.  I had a Nokia 820 and this is along those lines but just a little slower.  I got used to it fairly quickly.One good thing about this phone is the micro SD card slot which takes a 64GB Micro SD card without blinking.  No issues there.  Built-in GPS navigation is provided with the HERE apps.  Xbox music works fairly well also and if you need to sync the music with your PC, you can just copy the files onto your SD card by taking it out and putting it in your computer or just use ANY audio sync software (except for Zune) to do that.  I use MediaMonkey which works out of the box since this uses regular MTP.Sound quality is fairly good and unlike other devices, this plays the absolutely superb WMA Pro 24-bit format (48kHz/44.1kHz only though with 2 channels, but still that's something) just like every other Microsoft music player (Zune).  It can announce caller ID, incoming SMS, it has voice control also which is great for hands free SMS reading and replying to people.  I used it once while driving with a bluetooth headset and didn't need to find the phone or push any buttons.  My bluetooth headset was in my ear and I could hear the SMS text and reply back.  It's not a published feature, but there is a setting on the phone to turn that on under Speech and Ease of Access in Settings.Still, compared to low priced Android phones, this one just works great.  Sound quality is very decent for the price and for $99, Microsoft may have just found their niche market.Also, I used this not as a GoPhone with the prepaid SIM but I just took my old micro SIM from my Android phone and put it in.  No extra setup required.  :)  All GoPhones can do that on AT&T;, so I wasn't surprised to find that out.

overall it is good for this price. but he Bluetooth sucks. it can not connect to my car, which works fine with my Android phone. Most ridiculous thing is that it can not connect to Win8.1 laptop. MS did a lousy job.

I am still learning how to use many of the functins, but all in all it is performing very well.

IS IT A PHONE THAT CAN TAKE MY SIMPLE MOBILE SIM CARD OR I HAVE TO UNLOCKED IT FIRST OR NOT?

I've had this phone for two months.  I originally really enjoyed the phone, but after two months I can't stand it.  It works extremely well as a phone, but as a smartphone it's mediocre. There are hundreds of positive reviews.  I'll list the negative aspects I found with this phone.-Lack of RAMWith only 512mb of RAM, multitasking on this phone stinks.  If you are browsing the web, and reply to a text message, you will see &#34;Resuming...&#34; when you try to switch back and forth the two apps.  Not only is this annoying, but Internet Explorer will lose your 'recent browsing history' so when you hit the back button, instead of going to the previous page, it will take you to the main launcher screen.  This is incredibly annoying.-Lack of storage spaceIt has 8gb of space.  Over 5gb is used by Windows Phone operating system.  There is a Micro SD card, but you can not install apps to the Micro SD card.  It can only be used for music, video, photos.  So you only have a few gbs to store apps.  I never experienced a problem with lack of storage space on a phone until I used this phone, and I ran out of space within two months.-Lack of appsThere are games on Windows Phone.  But that's about it.  I only use a few apps, and none of them are on Windows Phone.  The store has a lot of fake apps, too.  You may think you are downloading Google Chrome, but its really a fake app that is filled with ads.  When using Internet Explorer, you will find 'bugs' when trying to access some websites.  There aren't very many alternatives (and many are just overlays based on Internet Explorer) so it will be impossible to do some things.  For example, I can't log into my local bank's website because every time I try to enter my user name the keyboard pops down as soon as I type one letter.-No File Explorer, And Poor File HandlingThere is no file explorer on this phone.  When you connect it to a PC, you can see a couple folders for your Photos, Music, and Videos.  It's locked up tight.  If you use an app to create something, you have to store it on the cloud.  That's a big pain in the butt.  Not only that, but the only way you can add music or videos to the phone is by either purchasing them through the store, or connecting the phone to your PC.  If you try to download an MP3, you will be able to listen to it, but you won't be able to save it.-Random &#34;Find My Phone&#34; GlitchesI set my phone up on windowsphone.com so I could log onto the website and have Microsoft ring my phone, or lock it whenever I couldn't find it.  It really worked awesome the first couple times I tried it.  Then one day, I tried to do it told me &#34;Windows is having trouble locating your phone.&#34;A couple days later, at 4:30 AM, my phone started ringing.  It was the same 'ring' that comes on whenever Windows is trying to find my phone.  I tried to silence it, but guess what?  It kept ringing.  I had to take my battery out, because when I restarted the phone it did it again.  I don't know what happened, if hackers are able to ring Windows Phones, or what, Microsoft did not reply to my support email on the subject.-Alarm Not LoudI used to use my phone as my alarm clock.  Unless I've developed a medical condition in the past two months, this phone does not work very well in that aspect.  The built in alarm sounds are pretty weak, and overall volume is pretty low.-No notificationsUnless you have a bunch of live tiles set up, there is no way of getting notifications, like in iOS or on Android.  If I get outbid on an eBay auction, for example, I don't know unless I check.  Same goes for text and emails.  Although, I guess I should say that the phone does make an alert sound when it receives a text or email.-No Siri or Google Now ThingI always thought Google Now was stupid.  But I used it more than I realized.  Lumia has voice search which can be accessed by holding your finger over the Windows button, which is pretty good when it comes to converting my voice to text.  The problem is, if I say something like &#34;Set an alarm for 2:30PM&#34; instead of setting an alarm for 2:30, it searched Bing for &#34;set an alarm for 2:30PM&#34;-Bad CameraMaybe I got a dud.  It's 5 megapixels, but it doesnt have flash.  So, I can't use it as a flashlight.  Seriously though, I'm not impressed with the camera.  When I take a picture of my kids, it usually turns out blurry.  My old Nokia 5800 from 2008 has a 3 megapixel camera, and it works much better.  I'm not a photographer, but I like to take pictures of my kids. I pick up my tablet, or use my digital camera when its picture time.There you go.  Some negatives.

As I have read some reviews, I agree with one that says that if this terminal would come unlocked for every country (mobile phone operator) it'd be the buy of your year. The mobile is very fluid, and has some cool apps but you must know that Windows Phone Market can't compare yet to Google Play or App Store. It has everything needed for a casual user. (Unlock may cost $40 to $50 extra in another country).

I WOULD GIVE IT FOUR BECAUSE YOU CANT DOWNLOAD EVERYTHING AND THE PHONE DOESN'T HAVE A GOOGLE STORE OR A PLAY STORE I WILL NEVER ASSUMED THINKING ABOUT GETTING THIS PHONE ANY MORE NO TIME.......&#128520;&#128520;&#128520;&#128520;&#128520;

**This phone is used as a backup to my Note 2**Purchased this phone when they first dropped the price to $59.99 as I tend to screw up my phone quite often.Most of my use with this phone comes when my primary phone was sent away for warranty.The #1 reason I chose this phone over others for my backup is because of the price. I Also wanted to try a windows phone as I was intetersted in their higher class phones but was not sure I would like the windows system.Now besides the obvious differences between the windows,android and iphones I have listed what I like and dislike about this phone.Likes -Its simple and easy to use.Nokia Apps (The Camera & GPS apps are lovely and have to be its biggest selling points.)Not sure what to call it but the Shazzam equivalent feature on the search page. Very easy to use and bring/call upColor customization without having to root/ and or hack the iphone/androidOverall the phone is pretty great for its price. The speed and handling of the phone is great for what im using the phone as.It has already served its purpose as a serviceable backup as long as you are not expecting it to be a super phone.Cons -Have to be the appstore. How certain apps work compared to other devices seems to be lacking. Also has lack certain apps that I use daily would have to be its biggest draw.BUT this phone is primarily my backup and the cons that I have will not bother me enough to change my phone out.I am still willing to try out the more expensive models once im giving the chance but until the time comes, this phone will be perfectly fine.

For the price, I know I shouldn't ask more. But I hope it will be more smooth when I go through all my emails. Others are fine.

I really liked this phone and the delivery time was very good.I loved it. I'll be thinking just make another purchase.

I really like this phone. My other one had messed up and I needed a new one as soon as possible. Of course with phone these days I couldn't afford to buy one at an early upgrade. I came across this on amazon and figured I would give it a try. It works pretty well for a smart phone. I plan on using this until my next upgrade.

So far, my husband is pretty happy with this phone. It's big enough for his big fingers & looks good. It also came as expected. Too bad it didn't come with a flash or face camera but the price is comparatively lower than the retail stores. It also came just in time when my husband's old touchscreen phone stopped responding to touch (LG T395 or whatever). The Nokia uses a microsim only but this is no problem since they (at&t) can change your sim for free. Just bring it over to your nearest retailer.

every time i tryed to get online it worked for a min then  when the phn would lock  and  i would unlock it try to get back online i had to restart the phone

I love my new Nokia Lumina 520...Such a great bargain for such a low price ...ty .amazon

Price wise and functionality wise, this is the best there is for the price of less than $70! It takes at least 6 months of use to &#34;carrier unlock&#34; it!

I've had this phone for about 6 months now, I got it just at the end of January. When I got it, my intention was to try this phone out to see when I get an upgrade (and a data plan more than just pictures) if I would like to get a Windows Phone or and Android. I was a bit skeptical going in, because of the very low specs compared to higher end phones. However, do not let these mediocre looking specs fool you- this phone performs amazing!When I first got the phone, it was pre-loaded with wp8. This was a fast, fluid, and virtually lag-free experience. After coming from an android dud (Samsung Rugby Smart) it was like a breath of fresh air. This seemingly low power processor was able to keep the phone running smoothly and quickly, with the only sign of its disadvantages being in the camera area. But I'll talk about that later. As for the wp8 OS, I really liked how modern and interesting it was. It didn't resemble iOS or Android, which was nice. I found that most the apps I wanted are found on the app store, but not as immediately as on other operating system's app stores. The apps generally move quickly, but I don't like the vine app. The videos don't loop smoothly and it gets pretty annoying. Some apps are exactly like the Android version while some look like a Windows Phone app... so while this app store is young the apps are varying in design which gets annoying. Also, because of the limited RAM this phone can't download some apps.The phone will always go back to home if it gets frozen for any reason, so don't worry about the phone locking up and never working. I like the vibrations every time you hit the 3 touch keys, but if you don't like it, it can be turned off. All the hardware buttons are on the right side, with the volume rocker, lock button, and camera. I like the dual click camera button for focusing then taking the picture. On the front of the phone you have the 3 touch buttons, a mic, speaker grille, light and proximity sensor. The back of the phone contains the 5 megapixel camera and the loudspeaker. The bottom has a micro-usb charging port and top has a 3.5mm headphone jack.I find the camera to be fine, but I've never had a phone with a camera above 5 megapixels to say how it compares to higher res phones. There's no flash, so low light has left a lot to be desired. The microphone is incredibly impressive for the type of phone it is. I went to a rock concert and the audio (not so much video) was great, a good amount of bass and everything could be heard clearly. My friend took a video on his iPod Touch 5 and I think mine came out much better. There is no front camera on this phone.The phone will sometimes restart, it gets pretty annoying because it's not like you know if you do something that'll make it restart, it just does it whenever it feels like. Don't let that turn you off though, becuase it rarely does it for me.The screen shows text somewhat clear, but with the low pixel density text gets pixelated and pictures/videos don't come out crystal clear, but you must keep in mind the price range that this device is competing in. The screen is hard to read in direct sunlight, setting the screen brightness to auto can make this more manageable however.Loudspeaker is louder than my friend's s3, but of course at highest volume it's not amazing sounding. For calls it is very good though.I updated it to wp8.1 early using the Preview for Developers app, and that operating system fills in a lot of holes that are missing in wp8. If you're considering getting something else because of this, I suggest you try updating to 8.1 first, as this makes the phone much more easily usable and updates the OS to have more modern features.For a $60 phone, there is really nothing else I can think of that can even compete with this. While the device may seem lacking, it is incredibly fluid for what it has to offer, and is a great glimpse of what Windows Phone is. With many pros and only a few cons, this phone is tough to beat!

ordered as a Christmas gift. not knowing anything about the (no name brand)  but turned out to be a good tablet and shipping time was great as well.

I got two of these for the kids last month. One of them I won't activate and will just use as a wi-fi connected music and app player until my son gets older. The other one will be the first smartphone for one of our teens. The quality of this phone can't be matched for the price. I have an xbox music pass and can download 10 free songs every month, which I give to the kids. The app store is growing quickly and I haven't missed any apps. I added a 64gb micro sd card to each phone which give it pretty much unlimited photo and music storage. Nokia music is a great music service and you can download the music channels on wifi so that they don't use any data. There's also Nokia Drive for navigation and lots and lots of exclusive Nokia apps. A great starter phone for kids and adults at very low cost.

dum

This windows phone is very well featured for the reasonable cost and feels similar to Windows 8. The only downside is Nooks Customer Support.

Bought on amazon deal of the day so it was $40 instead of $120 ( 8 gig). We use them as a prepaid, no data, so we no longer have or old plan that was $65 per month. Thought pre paid would be a hassel, but after the first month went to automatic refills. thought ten cents per minute would add up, but if you only bs on your home phone like us we both used less than $5 total ($1.60 month) in our first three months. Love how it sinks all of your contact lists with all of  your computers. Many of the apps you can load on wifi still work without data plan. Compass, location, gps, maps, sky chart, camera apps. and many more. Out of the box the battery life was bad, but when you upgrade from windows 8 to 8.1 and go to nokia site and tweek some settings, in standby the battery lasts about a week if on 24/7. Music is great stored on a micro card and either blue tooth or wire to speaker. sound same as wife's ipod. For my purposes I can't find a reason after three months of using to give it less than five stars. Best $40 purchase ever.

This phone is amazing, especially for the price.It does not have a flash or front facing camera, but the rear camera is excellent.It is small, easy to carry in your pocket, and best of all, If you have AT&T; as your cell carrier, simply put your SIMM chip in it and the phone works.  If you need a new SIMM card, phone AT&T; and they ship to you for free.  Accessories for the Nokia Lumia 521 GoPhone fit the Lumia 520.

Average. Just haven't figured it out yet probably. I don't like that Nokia installed apps I have to pay for.

I came from an iPhone. It is no iPhone but it works and the price is right when you got caught in a rain storm and drowned your cell phone.

this is the best deal i have ever seen for a decent smartphone. Rarely to i run into issues related to other cheap phones. I recently lost one of these and was able to purchase this replacement way cheaper than the original purchase.

I switched from android to Microsoft phone about a month ago now. Best thing that ever happened! I feel like with android phone I had 100+random applications by different people to accomplish what I want. They were all running with what seemed as their own agenda, I had tons of random files saved on my SD card from who know where,With Microsoft phone it seems to all be in one healthy and inter connected package. Things run amazing, I love the operating system of microsfot phone.The phone itself has exceeded my expectations, my camera is amazing, the voice recognition amazes my friends, I put it up to the competition with my co-workers iphone 5.If you use outlook.com for email and calendar, THERE IS NO BETTER SOLUTION.The reason I am most excited about this phone is because I can see the level of commitment that Microsoft is giving to make this the best smartphone available on the market, their goal is to beat competitors and amaze customers, which I feel like it has taken them some time to catch that vision, but now its here!

I bought this phone, along with a 32 GB SD expansion-card, specifically for its ability to download Maps and store them on the phone locally, so that I can use the Maps for navigation if I am out of range of a cellular signal, but still have a GPS signal. Imagine my surprise when I installed the SD expansion-card and discovered that this phone only supports storing media files on this expansion storage card, nothing else. No app-data can be stored on the expansion-card. No Map data, no PDF's. Only pictures, video, and music files, nothing else.What's particularly annoying is that this phone originally supported the ability for the user to decide what to store on their own Storage media that they payed for. The original version of the 520's &#34;Phone Storage&#34; Settings app had a specific option for storing Maps on the SD expansion card. So clearly there is no technical reason for this option to be removed. It appears that Nokia originally allowed users to choose what to store where, but when they sold their entire Handset division to Microsoft, some genius at Microsoft decided to lock users out of their own storage-media. I will return this phone for a full refund.

very confusing and manual doesn't help and tried tech support wasn't helpful. I have to go to att store for help

It is a very nice smartphone especially considering its price. Quality and feel is very good. Be careful when activating some services (i.e. AT&T Navigator) as charges may apply. It would be really nice if Google Voice service or similar would be available for Windows Phone users.

Purchased the Nokia Lumina 520 from Microsoft and put it together as soon as it arrived.  Surfed the internet on my home broadband a little so as to get used to the Lumina 520.  I was impressed so far!  Later I had the time to do the activation with AT&T so I could make calls.  Unfortunately the screen had a crack in it by then and the Lumina 520 would not take any input...the touchscreen function was lost and along with that there was then no way to use the Lumina 520.  I was told simply by Nokia that the crack on the screen voided any warranty.  Microsoft was unreachable.  I never got the chance to see how it would perform as an actual telephone.  My suggestion would be that, if you can, get one of the versions that has gorilla glass, this one does not. But if the glass holds up it will be a bargain, that processor impressed me with the speed at which everything operated.

first time using windows phone.  my at&t; GS4 just died on me after 8 month of use.  samsung warranty won't cover anything so i was forced to buy replacement phone until my contract expires.  i didn't want to pay new phone price and didn't want to break the contract, so i chose to go with affordable phone until i can get out of the contract.this phone actually surpassed my exprectation.  given its price, i must say it meets my demand above and beyond.  some features like hotspot and easy to use interface, i like more than my broken GS4.  i'm happy to use this phone for the rest of my contract period.  i might even consider getting a higher spec Nokia phone later when time comes to upgrade.  compared to iphone, GS4, etc. all those expensive phones, it lacks some hardware capabilities, but for the price, you get alot more than those top notch smart phones i think.  i can also use this as go phone (prepaid) when my family visits from outsite of US.  great flexibility there as well.

Everything I wanted, and more! Easy to navigate and update, tiles are interchangeable, and easy to use. Definitely a keeper!

For the price you can't really beat this phone. I've used android phones which on paper should be better than this and they can't compare to the usability that i've gotten from this phone. There's very few apps that I used on Android that aren't available on windows phone and i think the ones that are on windows phone just look nicer albeit thats more of a personal opinion sort of thing i guess. The phone is very easy to use although it does not have the same amount of customizability that you may come to expect after using an android phone but instead will probably be more comparable to an iPhone (at least based on my experience) the nice thing about this though is that everything just seems to work better together. The camera is pretty good albeit i'm sure flagship phones would do better. It performed better than my HTC G2 though which was what I was aiming for so i'm pretty satisfied. It has a good build quality and i've dropped it a few times without it exploding which is a plus. In addition it has yet gain sentience and try to kill me in my sleep...yet. Overall though it's a great phone, it may not compare to a flagship device with super fancy specs but it performs surprising well given the hardware, and honestly i feel like it comes pretty close.

i got the phone today and i like it very much! very good phone for everyday use! will suggest it for all my friends!

I have bought this as a replacement phone for my son's android phone as he has managed to break it twice already. As expected for the price and being an older model, it is not a rigid phone like the other expensive smart phones. But it serves the purpose of a teenager, phone, chat, browsing, music and more importantly it was very easy to keep in sync with my son's laptop. The newer models might offer better phone, but for the price it serves the purpose well.

I thought "oh, MS Windows, goody" - because I am not that tech savvy, love Windows on my PC, and figured this would be easy to operate.Then, too, overall the reviews were really stellar on Amazon and elsewhere.Unfortunately, at least for me, it is not easy to use. It is a headache to figure out this OS (in contast to my Ipod Touch which has been a breeze to operate even though I was not previously familiar with any Apple OS).Figuring out how to enter contacts, and then finding them, is a pain.The button for the camera is hard to push and the touchscreen camera "shutter" takes forever to take a photo.The phone runs out of battery power quickly.This phone is heavy. In short, I loathe carrying it and forget to take it with me much more often than I have ever forgotten any other phone.I knew I did not like it very much when it arrived. I should have sent it back.When my new LG Android comes, I'll pay much closer attention to whether it is a keeper.

I bought this as a replacement phone for my 15 year old daughter as a lower cost alternative to a smart phone (and high priced data plan). She has had it a few months and really likes it. It has all the features of a smart phone that you can use anywhere there is wifi. Stores plenty of music and games, and takes decent photos. It has a smaller-than-standard SIM card, so we took it to an AT&T; store to get it activated; had no issues. Highly recommend if you are a current AT&T; customer and want smart-phone features but don't want to renew your contract or pay for a pricey data plan, or are looking for a no-contract plan.12/27/13 update - I've lowered my rating to 3 stars. After 6 months of use the volume control button stopped working, and the phone freezes and shuts off randomly. I guess you get what you pay for. Also note that this is a Windows phone and not compatible with Android aps.

The phone cam fast and works great, I got it new for a cheap smartphone. The camera is ok and the apps are coming out fast.

It is great still trying to figure out some things on it and will recommend it to all my friends and family.

It was my first smart phone . Details for it said it was very easy to use and it is . Tutorials for it also answer the rest of your questions. I very much like it .I also ordered one for my husband because he likes mine.

very good very healthyuseful good cellphone yes and the win8 system is very cool ,beautiful than IOS system icon

Amazing everything I wanted and morewindows phonegreat choice especially while in school had everything I wanted. Loved all apps on one screen

I LOVE IT, got it as an ipod... and its a damn good one.. havent really used it for much else... but it has good battery an okay camera and takes 64gb sd cards for loads of music :Did recommend it to anyone whos too cheap to get an iphone or someone who needs an ipod like me

As so many others have stated, this may be the best smart phone for the money.  Our family is Apple centric when it comes to our desktop computers and we have several generations of iPads in the house.  So we are comfortable with IOS and appreciate the wealth of educational apps available for our home school program and for for our entertainment. It would seem logical that we would gravitate to the iPhone but given our limited phone usage, but it didn't make sense to make the required investment.  The Nokia 520 provides all the functionality we need and for $59, it was an incredible bargain.  We simply inserted the Consumer Cellular micro SIM card, called CC to register the device's IEMI, entered the apn and mms apn settings, rebooted the phone and we were connected.  I bought the phone for my wife and she finds it very easy to use.  I had previously purchased a Nokia 920 for my own use, but I could be happy with a 520.  I especially appreciate that it has a user replaceable battery that will extend the useful life of the phone.We don't need an unlimited data plan as we'll connect with wifi at home for browsing or downloads.  Likewise, the 8GB phone memory is not an issue because we will only install a few essential apps.  The Windows Phone 8 OS is well sorted out, attractive,  easy to use and updated with useful features.  It would be great if Microsoft, Nokia or a third party created an app to sync iCal and Apple Contacts directly and avoid Google, but for now that doesn't seem to be in the cards.Here are the pluses:1.  Convenient size2.  Acceptable camera for snaps (has autofocus but no flash).3.  Acceptable speaker volume, sound quality okay4.  Frequent W8 updates5.  Replaceable battery and back cover colors6.  Great Nokia Here maps and free voice aided navigation off line7.  Good screen for the price . . . we aren't watching HD movies on the phone8.  Micro SD slot for up to 64GB storage for photos and music9.  Bluetooth connections are easy to connect and stableThe minuses:1.  No flash, but most LED flash provides mediocre results at best2.  No front facing camera, but we don't do selfies3.  512MB of RAM may be limited for some apps, but none we need or want4.  8GB memory limits the number of apps that can be loaded, but is enough for our needs

My whole household has Lumia Windows Phones. (1) 1520, (2) 920, (1)520  First off, love that it is $60 without a contract.  You don't even need a data plan, you can just use Wi-Fi.  Bought this for my dad for his birthday as an upgrade from his flip phone.  My parents recently bought a Microsoft Surface so I figured it was time to welcome them to Windows Phone as well.  When I started showing them items like Nokia Camera, Drive, and Facebook and OneDrive integration, they couldn't believe all that was in this phone.  Then when I told then they could buy a micro SD and put all there CDs on it for in the car, they loved it even more.  Where else are you going to find a phone, camera, GPS and music player off contract for $60?  The Lumia 520 is worth the price even if you never even activate the SIM.

I couldn't be happier for the money, does everything I need for it to do and is very smooth.  It is a great and cheap way to get into the Windows Phone 8 echo system.

The Lumia 520 is redefining the price structure for phones.  I bought this for $60.  Add in a 64 gb microsd card I bought here for $45 and you have a phone with 64 gb of media storage for a little more that $100.  Add in Windows Phone smooth performance, even on this entry level device, and Nokia maps which works in airplane mode and you have a game-changer for the phone industry.  I use mine as a portable media player.  Netflix, Pandora, xbox music, spotify, facebook, twitter, hulu plus, 50 gb of media on my microsd card, all for around $100.  It's an unbelievable value for a good device.

Getting all matters in such a price! The Nokia Lumia 520 it is an amazing device according its class,customers who need a smartphone with almost everything and have a limited budget the Lumia 520 is for you =)

I bought this phone as an upgrade to my husbands tracfone. First of all he hates anything to do with paying too much for cell phone contracts, hence that is why he had a tracfone. To bring him into the 21st century I ran across this phone and it received good reviews so I figured I would try it out and the fact that it was on sale for $59.99 didn't hurt. I took the phone into a AT&T retailer and she was able to port/transfer over his current number to the new gophone which was a big deal as he uses this number for work. After that it's been smooth sailing.This phone works great and currently uses the $25 plan which includes 250 minutes of talk, unlimited text and he just uses wi-fi so there is no need for a data plan. Besides I heard if you enable the data it will take the money out of your plan and your left with a balance of $0.  The only negative that I would say is the lack of apps that windows offers and what they do offer it's not free. I realize this is a windows issue and not gophone but AT&T needs to renegotiate.

If you haven't owned an iOS or Android based device you might be ok with this Nokia. I think it's operating system is top of the line NON-intuitive so I DO NOT recommend you going this way.

The phone came fast so the shipper is great. The phone is excellent if you want a simple smartphone to get stuff done and the price is awesome. I bought it to replace an AT&T phone that broke in an elevator. Beware if you're buying this as a replacement phone because the sim card is smaller in this model so you'll have to cut the sim from your old phone to fit into this one. It's super simple though and they have tutorials on youtube.

Worst phone I've ever had. Music keeps skipping, phone keeps deleting my pictures and contacts, calls keep dropping, always loosing service, etc...

Bought 3 phones for my whole family before thanksgiving, was very happy with its functions.But then one phone dead on Dec., Nokia has a yr. warranty to cover this model. But their service center in TX returned my phone without any repair or touch for a very unacceptable faked "physical damage/fluid" reason before holidays starting, contacted the Nokia customer service & was escalated # of times, still no call back forever - like just being ignored. Finally, complained through BBB for a solution - number of times, still had no repair but a replacement.Now, another phone has a on/off issue - cannot be turned off. Searching internet, have people talking about its sudden dead & its common button switch issue.So why Nokia Service Center in TX had no clue how to fix the issue or just ignorance, appearing their service competence issue or maybe was rushing to clear the inventory before holidays or they just don't fix it? Then what is the point to purchase this phone if its quality issue pop up few months later?

The phone that were sent me does not work is not released i bought a tlf released as it is possible that i to send a phone contract with , of truth i feel cheated if i am wrong forgive me but tell me as we do to release the IMEI thanks

I can not use this cell phone because AT & T does not provide service in Mexico. How I can release it for use with another company? I'm disappointed.!!

Pretty good for the money

Bought it for my mother for her birthday and she loves it! It took her a bit to get the hang of it but eventually she loved it!

This is my first smart phone. I am very happy with it. Easy to operate, user-friendly and took me a only a little while to figure everything out. I am not happy with AT&T though. I have had to contact them several times to ask questions about their GoPhone features such as minutes and data. I have still not used the data from AT&T and keep using only wifi connection. I switched to data from ATT and it said I need to add minutes on my phone when I already have over 200 minutes at the time. Will try to switch service but the phone is a great buy and I highly recommend it.

Boyfriend loves this fun, it was a gift. It syncs up with his Windows 8 laptop perfectly. Very user friendly, lots of apps, and the Att gophone plan for $40 a month is good choice for someone who browses the internet, and plays games, and uses email and texts, sms/.mms. There alot of cool things about phone and it was only $80 dollars!!!

This phone is the best I ever had. There is nothing more I wish of my phone than this Nokia Lumia 520 offers!! The hell with Iphones, buy this phone. I get instant updates from facebook, apps are innumerable. The only thing this phone does not have is a flash for the camera. This is by far the best deal I have ever received from a product!

We lets start with the price $59 is an incredible dealI added to my ATT Family share plan by having ATT get me a new SIMInstantly got set-upSuper fast smooth and has a quality feel. Its only slightly larger than the sought after iPhone5s and I believe it looks better.Windows Phone 8:After about a day of customizing I had it EXACTLY the way I wanted I bought two apps;  Chronos Calendar and Amazing weather HD, I use Bing Weather as the clean elegant lock screen.  App folders to keep them all organized.My top Free apps for those who care:4th and MayorAmazing Weather HD $1.99App FolderBattery performanceBing WeatherChronos Calendar $1.99EvernoteFlixsterGas BuddyHere Drive BetaHere MapsHere transitIMDbINRIX trafficMyAppFreeMyATTNewspapersNokia MusicOne NotePandoraPhotoBeamerPODCASTS!Quick Bandwidth TestShazamSochi 2014 ResultsStopwatch timerTune In RadioWeave News ReaderWPCentralYELPAll of these apps are awesomeI love the accuracy of the voice commands. I can call, text , look up movies, write notes without typing anything. It is MUCH more accurate than my wife's Android.The whole phone and OS is QUALITY.  I will never go Android or Apple as long as Microsoft keeps developing this great Mobile OS.The accessories:I ordered a TPU case and added Illumishield... The ONLY downside was fingerprints like no ones business the Illumishield is near impossible to detect and the phone now has the fingerprint resistance of other phones. The case fits perfectly.I cannot say enough how great this cheap phone is especially on the ATT Family Value Share Plan.I paid $59+ maybe $20 in accessories and I now on my line pay $37/mo for my 2.5GB and unlimited calls/text and Hotspot.For those on the fence I can recommend THIS PHONE

we moved to this phone from a android girlfriend had a fusion 2 and I was using a galaxy s2.  We switched these over to straight talk as its much cheaper every month than the at & t pre pay, and  you get the same thing.  I wasn't sure we were going to like the windows format so we opted to get a cheaper phone, just to try the windows platform out.  I am so glad we got this phone, The call quality is outstanding, on my old phone I had a hard time hearing exactly what some people said, on this phone I hear every word crystal clear.  The connection to wi-fi is so easy with this phone and with this phone I finally use my facebook account (still think its way overrated and overused, but at least now I look at posts) because its so easy to use and set up.  the live tiles are great and while everything is always right where it should be it never really looks the same.  This phone does everything you could ask for, and then some, plus is does it very very well.  there maybe allot fewer apps but the ones that you really use are there for this phone too.  The only thing I have missed is a high quality camera with a flash, but this is the entry level phone and the camera does work well enough.

You cannot do better than the Nokia 520/521 for a value smart phone. Yes, it's not Android or iOS, but Windows Phone is still a good value for the price. I use the Nokia 520 with Straight talk and it is a fantastic phone. Great as an mp3 player, GPS, etc. Your experience will vary depending on your carrier for speeds, I find this phone is lightning quick on Wifi and I imagine if my mobile carrier had better support for 4G, it would be a much better experience. I've played a few games here and there and it is great.This phone isn't as good as the Nokia 900 series (a friend of mine had one), but it's also not a $300 phone. I like the support for Windows Apps like One Note, it works well with my music and audiobooks and I regularly use this phone to record videos for my YouTube channel.

For $70 this phone surpassed my expectations. So the windows market isn't as vast as android or apple. New apps are added everyday and they do have the major apps like Hulu, Facebook, instagram, etc. My only pet peeve about this phone is the speaker. It is loud and produces great sound quality but its so small that if you cover it with your pinky you wouldn't be able to hear it, even on the loudest setting. I carry a digital camera on me so I don't mind the low megapixels and lack of front facing camera. I love how everything is streamlined and the live tiles are really cool. I do wish I could change my background. You only get two settings, white and black. However you can change the color of the tiles but only to the colors defaulted in your phone. Overall if you are looking for the best prepaid phone on at&t's market. This is it. Even if you don't like it at first you'll eventually become accustomed to its unique charm.

This is the best value for the money smart phone.Got it for my brother in Canada. He had it unlocked and was able to use it on Telus.All the awesome functionality of a smart phone minus the ridiculous price.Can't go wrong with this phone for travel or as a backup.

For the price, it's a really good quality phone. It's not perfect, the camera is sub-par, and there isn't a flash. It also isn't lightning fast, like my Lumia 920.All of that, and any other issues aside, if you need a good quality temporary phone, this is definitely worth it. To my knowledge, this one can only be used with AT&T; unless you can actually get them to unlock it. Also, for those wondering, you can use it on a regular A&T; plan as well as without a SIM card if you just want to use it like an MP3 player.

Glad to be back with at&t.; Better plan and great phone! Had changed to a different provider....big mistake! Great phone ...so far no issuesat all and easy to use!

Can't beat it for the money,  would buy another one.  Picks up good,  sounds good,  clear pictures,  lots of apps.

Everyone who gets this phone is on a strict budget. This is probably one of the cheapest smartphones out there. There is no front facing camera so be aware of that before purchasing.

I like it but after using IPhone and galaxy phone,its feel slower ,still trying to get use too.need more upgrades.

I ordered my phone from Walmart so that the Straight Talk SIM would arrive at the same time, but either way it's still the AT&T; GoPhone model. Despite answers in the comments, this phone WILL work with Straight Talk, on AT&T;'s towers. All you have to do is buy the Straight Talk SIM, go through their instructions, and then change your APN settings. (Just google &#34;Nokia Lumia 520 Straight Talk APN&#34; for several guides.)Personally, I like Windows Phone the most out of the major Smart Phone OSs. It's not as open as Android, but much more customizeable than iOS. Plus, as someone who primarily uses Hotmail/Windows Live for their email and such, it just all seems so much more integrated with my personal needs. If you're not sure if you'll like Windows Phone or not, I suggest going to a store somewhere near you, such as Best Buy or Circuit City, and see if they have any WP phones on display to mess around with. Your  preference in OS is a huge deal!As for the phone itself, it is very solidly built. The back is a very soft, matte black that doesn't show any fingerprints. It can be interchanged with other colored backs purchased on Amazon or eBay. The screen IS glass, but definitely not Gorilla Glass. I would still suggest picking up some screen protectors, which are relatively cheap. (I got a three-pack for around $6 on Amazon.) The only thing about the phone physically that I dislike is that the home button is on the side of the phone instead of the top. This just takes some getting used to, though, and isn't anything to really nitpick over. The phone is also a great balance of size and weight. It's not the lightest or thinnest phone, but it is light and somewhat thin. It feels great to hold, even with a bulky case on it.As for how it runs, it is one of the smoothest phones under $200USD that I've ever used. I recently had a Huawei Ascend Plus H881c which ran okay, but you would never have guessed that it was more than twice the price of this phone. The Lumia, in my experience, runs flawlessly, with very minimal lag. The only lag I have experienced was when I was initially downloading a LOT of apps onto the phone all at once. I'm very impressed with the load it can take. (My Huawei, on the other hand, would have a heart attack if I even had messaging and phone apps up at the same time.)In all, this phone is GREAT for someone who needs a cheap smart phone, or even just wants a backup phone incase they lose or break their main one. I do have one warning about this phone. Be VERY careful about shopping for cases, especially on Amazon. Many cases claim to fit the 520 and its sister phone, the 521. HOWEVER, the 521 is 4mm longer. Any case that says it will fit the 521 will be two big. Sadly, this limits the phone's case selection quite a bit. There's simply no good &#34;Otter Box&#34; knock off that will fit it properly. However, not everyone likes the big clunky cases, so it may or may not be an issue for you.

I bought this phone at a Radioshack.  Best gophone I have ever used.  Better than the android AT&T Fusion 2 in my opinion.  I have used this phone for about two days.  I pulled it off the charger at 12:00 PM and at 6:30 PM the phone has 36% left.  That's pretty bad in my opinion.  I love how I could change the phone's software color to olive green.  I like the facebook integration and the nokia camera apps.  Too much neat stuff to write about here.  Haha.

For ST, H20 wireless customer-replacement. This is the best in line for cheap customers. Beware this is a windows phone, almost like a hp t-pad.Cons: por attraction, worst battery life, windows appsPro: cheapest smartphone, you will have smartphone for lunch price,memory slot

the cellphone has a good look, the screen looks good enough and is very sensitive. the camera is just not that good though

I use the Nokia 1520 as my primary phone.  Love it.  However, it is too big to use when running or hiking.  Bought the Nokia 520 GoPhone and use it only as a media player (music, videos, games).  At $59 it is much cheaper than an ipod touch or galaxy player.  Combine the 520 with an xbox music pass and you have a good inexpensive media player.  Don't worry about it being an AT&T Gophone.  I never installed the sim card so there was no activation and no additional fees needed.  And I don't see any error messages about there not being a valid sim card.

The phone didn't work.  Since I purchased accessories to go with the phone now I am out the cost of those as well.

VERY GOOD VALUE. NO COMPLAINTS. THE USER IS VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT AND WILL RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR THE SAME

I really love this phone but Apps are limited because it's a Windows Phone and Not an Android Phone. Therefore Apps are Very limited! Just a warning before you purchase to check what Apps are available before you buy. Otherwise it is a very good phone.

Only problem I have is the camera button sticks sometimes.Other than that the phone works great, looks good, has good sound and picture quality and is worth the money.

Not sure about playing Youtube on 4G, but just picked up the phone today, connected to my WIFI and Youtube videos played on my phone right out of the box, nothing to download. Just wanted to share, I'd read conflicting info.

Got it from my wife and she loves it. Simple and compact and does the job well. The only thing is that the camera does not have a flash but otherwise it is great.
