
This is a replacement for my wife's phone.  She is very happy with it.  The best thing about this phone is the price.  We went to the T-Mobile store and we couldn't get anything less then $500 for a phone of this quality.  From what I understand this model is about a year old.  I certainly don't mind having a new phone (year old model) and savings over $300!.It came with a charger and micro SIM card.  Changing the SIM card on T-Mobiles web site is very easy and only took a few minutes to activate. We had to do this because her old phone had a regular SIM card.If you a hardcore phone user, this may not be the phone for you.  However, if you use a phone like my wife; texting, games and pictures, don't pass this one up!

great definition of  his status in a very good shape for this price a excelent buy!, thanks for this product.

Internet did not work. TMobile couldn't get the internet to work, otherwise I would have loved to keep the phone.

No, it stopped working and I had to send it back. Not impressed. I ended up buying the new HTC One M8 from T-Mobile.

The phone automatically activates airplane mode and won't let you call or accept calls. Then, when you try to turn airplane mode off, the phone freezes. This phone can do a lot of things . . . except what it's main purpose is. A lot of times, people cannot reach me because it went into airplane mode automatically. Or I can't call out because it freezes up.

The One S is a very nice phone. HTC Sense 4+ UI is pretty decent without a lot of bloat-except for the e-mail client which I've replaced with K-@Mail and the keyboard, which is decent, but Sense seems to not want my other keyboard (which is Thumb) to remain active, so I'm having to periodically reset it to the default, which is really aggravating, but not a dealbreaker. Calls seem to have developed an issue by going straight to VM sometimes when I have call settings set to Wi-Fi preferred rather than wireless. Have yet to figure out if this is T-Mo issue or phone issue, but T-Mo support forums indicate the One S experiences this over several years, so you have to keep wireless as the preferred call mode. Don't know if this will solve problem, but will find out. After 6 months of experience I would say the phone is very nice, but the network likely needs attention (at least in my area). I will look to the HTC One M7  as an option when the time comes. Battery life is at least 3 days with light use (to 20%), so a solid 4 days for complete discharge.

I got this as a birthday gift for my brother,(who needed a phone up grade BAD!) it was packaged well, and the phone it self was sharp looking! not a scratch on it! All we had to do, was go get his sim card cut to fit this phone, it worked like a charm! His comments were &#34;the screen is really big&#34; &#34;I like it.&#34;I am very please with this purchase.

There are so many nice things to say about this phone, it is hard to know where to start. The best thing about the phone is that the whole package just works so well together. The integration of all the features makes me want to get rid of my Samsung GS2. (I bought this for my son)The processor is very quick, there is virtually no lag in this phone at all. Switching from app to app is almost instantaneous.  The user interface, HTC Sence 3.5, is very user friendly and beautiful. The call quality is great and the speakerphone works very well. The phone is very thin and light, but has a metal case, so it is very durable.Lastly, the camera is awesome. It takes great pictures and gives you lots of options of what you would like to do with them.Again, the whole package is very comparable to my Samsung GS2, and in many respects is better. This phone will fit the bill for almost anyone, unless you need a giant screen or a more powerful processor, which for most people is probably not necessary. I paid $205 for it and consider it a steal.

I've had this phone for a year and a half, I lost it last weekend and I thought about getting the new htc one, however for the price and what it can do this phone is awesome, so great I'm ordering another one.. Camera is awesome, you can record a video and take pictures off it or record and take pics at same time.. Also has great sound through beats so it's great for music.. Never had any lag and battery has always been great com paired to others. It can prob. Do everything the new 600$ phones can do or you can get apps for it. All that time it has been great, I always told my friends I love my phone.

I just got the phone and I am enjoying every moment with  it, no issues yet and not expecting any

We purchased this phone for my mother in law to get her into the new age with babies coming in the family. She loves and it is it easy to explain how to use it since all androids have pretty much the same Idea. ease of use is a 10 for this one. I almost want to buy one for myself but the one con is there is no expandable memory like an SD card. But beyond that its a great phone.

great battery life, nice interface,stable version of android/sense.  only lost a star in my rating because of htc's lack of commitment to android updates for this model

Haven't experienced any lock-ups or errors, battery life is good, performance is speedy, only downside is that you can't expand the memory.

Delivery was on time, the phone works as expected. One caveat is it appears to have been refurbished or, perhaps, a return as the phone seemed to have been used, albeit lightly. Other than this, no complaints so far.

We were looking for a &#34;starter&#34; smart phone for my teenage daughter, and didn't want to pay the big bucks for an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy IV.  This phone has some nice features for not a whole lot of money.  We've been an iPhone household, so it's taken some time to get used to Android (some of the apps are not as intuitive as we would like), but overall we'd buy it again.

i like so many thing about this phone its very loud and fast ,it workes very good with simpel moible, but what i delike about this phone is if something happend to the battry , nothing u can do about it you cant replace it , thats what i really dont like , other than that the phone is very good , go for it :)

I bought this for my son whose phone broke.  He really likes this phone and has had no problems with it.

It is a OK phone, but it is not as good as I expected.  There is one big issue with wifi calling.  Wifi calling only works when screen back light is on.  When phone screen is on sleep mode, incoming calls fail on Wi-Fi calling .  It is really annoying..  If I have know about this issue, I would not have bought this phone..  If wifi calling is not important to you, this phone is great.[...][...]Also, screen resolution is not very high.  My older MyTouch 4G by HTC had better screen.

I'm very happy!!!,great phone,easy,light,nice pictures definition,I get this phone for use with metro pcs and work awesome....Is the best phone that I have it..

The speakers on this phone break quicker and stop working properlyI bought this phone as a gift for my cousin and he complained about the speakers

This is a 4g phone and I am only able to get 2g.  This is a replacement for the same phone and I have no problem getting 4g.

The price was the big attention getter and since I had been wanting one for a while, I couldn't pass it up.  I had a Samsung Galaxy S II but it seemed that I was charging the battery more often than it seemed I should have to for as little as I used it.  The battery life on this is GREAT, and it's even better if you turn off accessories that you don't use i.e. sync, compass, gps, location, etc.  There is a lot of bloatware, more than normal imo that can't be removed.  You can disable them but that's not really the point, they still take up space!  Overall it's a great phone and I'll deal with the non-replaceable battery when I get there ;-)

Not quite the phone I expected, but not having any problems with use of it. Compatible with my service carrier ***** .

This is an amazing phone for under two hundred bills.  This would be an amazing phone for five hundred bills.  Some reviewers are calling this a basic phone or a budget phone, but trust me, it is a premium phone.  It may not be the very, very latest, but it works flawlessly.Here's what's good:+ Build quality - it feels really solid in my hand.+ Screen quality - AMOLED looks great.  It could be a little higher resolution, but it is not at all a budget screen.+ Perfect size - I do not like carrying around a phone the size of a notebook.  But I also don't like straining my eyes to see tiny writing.  This one is just right.  And it fits in my front pocket perfectly.+ Speed - Everything is butter.  It is really a flawless interactive experience.  I don't bog down my phones with 100 apps, though, so keep that in mind.+ Stability - Has never crashed.  Not even once.+ Wifi Calling - This important for me because I live in a hole where no carrier signals can reach.  The wifi calling works just as it should.+ Camera - Man, this camera is great.  It is not a DSLR, nor is it on par with the $700 phones of 2013, but it is excellent.  The best I've had out of all seven of my smartphones.  HTC has always had good cameras, though.Now, what's not so great:- No SD card.  Really too bad.- No dedicated camera button - I wish Android would follow the Windows Phone lead and make this a hardware requirement.  I hat tapping the screen to snap a photo; it is just weird.- Flush power button - It can be difficult to push.- Bad notification light design - it is under the earpiece and very difficult to see.That's about it.  If you buy this, I would suggest that you leave the Power Saver feature on.  It dramatically increases the battery life, but I can't tell any difference in the performance or frequency of app updates.  I don't know what it's doing, but it's doing it well.

Pros:Slim buildCameraCamcorderSpeakerphoneTextinLarge time and weather displayCons:Not compatible with Verizon.net emailNo Micro SD cardBattery not removable

Delivered in super fast speed and the smartphone is very user friendly with many apps including my favorite Google maps/GPS

I liked this phone the screen is clear and the sound its great with the beats audio. I received it on time with no problems from the shipper.

my boyfriend loves this phone! and at such a good price ! you cant beat it ! I definitely recommend !

Great phone. Very good screen - bright & clear.  Good battery life. Clear, high quality audio on phone calls. Feels good in your hand. Fits in your pocket easily. Excellent value for the money.

I think the HTC One S is an excellent phone. It's not as pricey as other phones but it can do just about anything the newer phones can. I've had this phone for several years and I never had a single problem with it except for the battery life. The battery does die a bit too fast if you're using it constantly. I'd give it 5 stars if the battery was better.

at least it still working and charging. didn't come with as much memory as I though it was posted. battery life not to bad.

This phone is a worthless piece of crap. I have gone through two of these phones in less than 6 months and would be receiving a third phone if they had not discontinued it. My first phone, I only had for a month before the volume complete broke on it. Returned it to shopcelldeals and they sent out another one. 5 months later, I am having the same problem, volume won't work, calls are getting stuck, and I can't check my voicemails. I could have taken that $220 and put it towards an iphone if I had known these phones were this horrible. I worked with an old iphone for years until I decided to change service providers.Worst part is when talking to HTC, they told me that the phone I have now was purchased by my in August of 2013...I didn't purchase this phone until December and didn't receive my second phone until January, so it looks like shopcelldeals also sent me a refurbished phone instead of a new one....makes me wonder if my first phone was also refurbished.I would not recommend this phone or company to my worst enemy.

VERY HAPPY THAT I PURCHASED THIS ITEM. ORDERED IT YESTERDAY AND RECEIVED IT THIS MORNING! SO HAPPY IT GOT TO ME THIS FAST. ITS A GIFT AND I WAS WORRIED IT WOULDNT GET HERE IN TIME. THANK YOU!!!

1st sign it wasn't new was the box. I had gotten this phone new before and knew what the box looks like new. 2nd, there was no plastic seal over screen. 3rd, piece of plastic that is suppose to hold it in place didn't even fit it. 4th, the plug in didn't come in sealed soft plastic like the usb cable, instead came in little zip lock baggy. I had seen a similar review for a Ross Cellular product but thought since this item had better ratings it would probably be new...

Great phone super thin and light.  Works great on with the HTC Sense platform.  Would  look to get another one if I was in the market.

Really good phone for the price.  Does just about everything that my $500 phone did. I am pleased with my purchase.

I adore this phone so much after using it for a while I bought another one for my dad who loves it too. This phone took me from blackberry user straight up to pro-smartphone user it makes everything so easy. I love how much I can get done with it, I love the android system over the apple products because everything is less expensive and it seems so much easier to get customer service with the product. HTC quickly allows you to easily transfer info from your computer, tablet, and phone easily. Texting is easy. Pictures come out great. Video is spectacular especially the feature that allows you to capture pictures while you capture video. The voice recording is spectacular and the price is out of this world. I would definitely purchase this exact phone again, I love it. When I took it in to Tmobile all the sales people were asking how I got it and telling me what a good phone it was. They were practically drooling, especially after I told them what I paid for it. The only flaw is that you really need to charge it every night and you need to be gentle with the power button. A proximity app that will turn the screen on/off with motion will allow you to save the power button from getting stuck from pushing it down too hard or too often.

Great phone, very fast, great display. Can&#8217;t believe the weight and how thin the phone is. I have the Rezound by HTC and it&#8217;s twice as thick and heavier.My daughter loves this phone, thinking about buying one for the wife.

This is a good basic smartphone. My wife and stepson each have one and they report that it is easy to text, email, surf the web and video skype with the phone.

This is a very good phone, but it is almost too thin and light.  I found myself holding it lightly for some instinctive reason, due to the thin design.  On top of that, it is too smooth.  It has slipped out of my hand several times. I bought a thin case that made it more grippy and alleviated the thinness problem.  The functionality of the phone is great.  I do wish I could add an SD card, though.

It is a good phone. I bought this phone on ebay from this seller.  They shipped this phone really fast.  I like this phone so far.  the only drawback for this phone is no more software updates from HTC.

I purchased two of these phones though Amazon for about a third of the price the cell companies wanted on their extended purchase plans partly because of the larger screen still small enough for a shirt pocket and with the ability to make calls and text worldwide over the internet from any hot spot and because of the  high quality camera and flash and features  using the Android  system.  I then switched us to T-Mobile which has separated the cost of the phone from the cellular service substantially lowering my communication charges.  Verizon which I was using continued their charging for the  phone long after you pay for the phone  under their two year plan and do not give a reduction where you buy your own phone at a discount.

Not too big, not too small. Not blazingly fast, but not horribly slow. I'm not an app junkie so I really just use it for phone, texting, taking photos/video and browsing the web. Feels solid, sturdy and easy to use.All the things a luddite could want, and more.

Machined Aluminum unibody, very durable surface coating, gorilla glass.Snappy processor speed.Good reception.Good speakerphone.Good battery life.I would liked to have purchased a newer high end phone, but the difference between this one and the 4-600 dollar models isn't enough to justify the price, or contract rates.This model is, at the time of this review, one year old....cost without contract 199...no contract unlimited phone, data, and text is only 55.00 a month from metropcs...i can switch carriers anytime i want, no penalty, no worry over bad ESN numbers on the phone for nonpayment or breaking the contract...it just seems like a no brainer to me.This phone is amazing.

This phone is not the best, but it's one of the best, and for the price, it is a great deal.  I could not be happier with my choice of phone.  The screen isn't the biggest, but it's plenty big.  The processor isn't the fastest, but it's plenty fast.  The camera is 8 MP which isn't the highest, but it's pretty awesome.  I guess you get the idea.  Great phone.  You should buy it.

I bought this phone because the price was low and the reviews were good. It's super thin and feels very nice in your hand, not bulky and heavy. At first, I was a little scared because it was so cheap. However, the phone works very well and is very easy to use. I love the camera quality and the screen resolution. Everything is perfect! (: My only complaint is that SOMETIMES, like every once in a while, the task bar disappears for a minute and then reappears, so does the wallpaper/screen saver thing. Also, front camera quality is not that great. But what the hey, for this price, the phone is a must have!

Things I like about this phone:Slim and lightMetal constructionNice screenSmooth and fast OSExcellent sound through headphonesThing I hate about this phone:Phone has terrible static through receiver speaker on calls. This is a known issue on these phones and I have tried every trick listed on the HTC and T-Mobile website. I don't spend a large amount of time talking on my phone so it's not a huge issue but enough to find annoying and drop a star off the rating.

Many great features but very fragile screen.  Slight bump by my daughter on the second day and the screen broke.  If purchased with a shock-proof case at the same time, this phone would be great.  My Galaxy S3 is far more durable.

Got My Phone In Just 2 Days Brand New Not Sure If Headphones are suppose to be included (cause they weren't) but other than that the phone looks great and so far it works great thanks will do business with you again!!

This phone works great. I'm really enjoying it. no issues yet and not expecting any. It's a great buy.

This is a nice little phone by HTC. The only down side is it does not accept any MicroSD card; you are stuck with the 16GB onboard storage. For those interested in rooting and installing a custom ROM, it is fairly easy to unlock the boot loader and root the device compared to some of the other phones. All in all, very happy with mine.

iT HAS GOOD RESOLUTION, UNLOCKED, STILL MISSING SOME APPS LIKE THE: LIGHT AND ANOTHER APPLICATIONS, OTHERWISE IS GOOD AND BETTER THAN HTC ONE S, THIS ONE X IS BIGGER AND HAS HIGHER SCREEN RESOLUTION, ALTHOUGH THE SPEAKER IS MEDIOCRE, IT'D BE GOOD TO HAVE A BETTER REAR SPEAKER.

Phone would not turn on, once it finally did I could never get past the home screen because it kept freezing. Contacted seller and still waiting to hear back because they said "I should've mentioned the issues within the first week" but it was a gift and I have 30 days. Definitely not in like new condition as advertised. I am extremely  disappointed in the product AND the seller; I wish I could rate it lower than 1 star...

It is sleek and  i love the black color! My girlfriend loved the phone and its alot more nifty than my Iphone..

Great value for what I paid for. Retail stores won't sell anything like this and at this price. Almost everything about this phone is great, including the HDD size, RAM, CPU speed and camera.However, the battery doesn't hold a lot of charge and tends to die quickly if I play a game with high graphics. So I keep my AC adapter handy.The camera sticks out and the lens rests on the table when you set it down. Also, the power and volume buttons can be difficult to push sometimes. Once I bought a thick case for it thought, it solved both problems.Overall, I love this phone!

it was good, very good for a 200 dollar phone, no problems yet and works just like any other smart phone

i ordered this phone for my husband since i knew i had one that i loved. it was already updated to the latest version. Great deal; good seller.

Very easy to use (straight forward) and to learn. Light weighted! Highly recommand for people who want a pratical smart phone.

I got this phone 2 days ago.  It was working fine the first day but the second day i could not hear anything when I called someone.  I couldn't hear the music there something wrong with the sound  I called HTC and they did the diagnostic test and still nothing.  Im definitively sending this back asap!

Well i lost my galaxy just a while ago and choice to order this phone was a bit nerves about it. But it turns out it was amazing phone came with a lot of different things. its very worth it ! you wont regret it guys.

Well its first time om using htc i been always with samsung what i feel so far that it doesnt freeze like samsung which i really like abt it

This phone works great. I'm really enjoying it. It's a lot better than the Samsung Galaxy s. It's a great buy.

I bought this phone 4 my athletic son more than a year ago.  He dropped it i'll say more than 200 times.  Still works perfect.  never freezes.  he's constantly on the internet. the video player is great.  this is the best phone I ever bought.

This phone works great.  Got it in the mail super fast but two things wrong with this phone. One is that the mic was not working properly, on the receiving end it sounded like the caller was congested or a really bad reception.  Second the head phone port was not working properly.  Called T-Mobile and with the warranty we r able to exchange it for a new one but 20 out of pocket

I have been around the smartphone circuit a while and have had some really fantastic top of the line contract phones and some prepaid level duds. This is neither and that is a great thing. The trick with a cellphone is knowing what you need. I didn&#8217;t need a half a grand unlocked IPhone in my pocket since I don&#8217;t play games or edit videos on my cell. I also didn&#8217;t want some junker prepaid with Android 1.1 as the operating system. Here I have found a happy medium. Bottom line is if you want a prepaid phone that won&#8217;t constantly crash and have no need for an 8  inch screen that could never possibly fit in your pocket, then buy this. You won&#8217;t regret it. My only caveat is the data availability and speed on T Mobile can be dicey here in Florida (and many places I have traveled). I am in Wi-Fi 99% of the time so it wasn&#8217;t a deal breaker for me.  Your mileage may vary.

This is my first &#34;smart&#34; phone so consider the source. I'm having a ball figuring out how to use all the features. This phone is very user friendly and intuitive. My only problem was dealing with an issue with &#34;airplane mode&#34; cutting in and out. Turns out I had to add a 911 address to my My T-Mobile profile so that I could turn off &#34;airplane mode&#34;. That was NOT intuitive! Perhaps the users manual could mention that? Fortunately goggling the problem got me the info I needed.

I have no idea how they can sell this phone for this price. I bought one for myself and one for my wife. I am so pleased with this purchase.

Probably the largest you can own and operate one handed, very thin for pocket. Going strong no issues. I love it

love this phone, functions really well, has all the bells and whistles i need. and holds a charge for a long time. like it a lot better than an iphone that we've used.

HTC STANDS behind its products. Make sure yours has as close as possible to its 1 yr. manufacturer warranty. call HTC and give them the phone's IMEI for the remainder of the warrantied time.This phone is sturdy, but what's sturdy if the wiring or software program sucks?Problems w/in 2 months of use:- Calls sent & received would be silent and would freeze entire phone.- You cannot answer/hear/ or switch to speakerphone if listening to music using Bluetooth speakers- Must disconnect bluetooth speaker b4 calls are made or received.- Phone would freeze- Cannot remove batter or insert SD cardEVERYTHING WAS FIXED FOR FREE BY HTC (PHONE WAS STILL UNDER WARRANTY)GREATEST BENEFIT:Screen will never crack.

Phone really No good product for the price , all time not signal, no 4g, blocked for calls no good :(

My teenage son wanted a smart phone which had front and back camera. This is a good sturdy phone. I also purchase a otterbox for him to protect the phone

It's a gorgeous, great phone that does everything but the laundry. It even understands my Russian accent for searching or texting. Can't stop playing with it!Had the phone for 6 months, and unfortunately, I found the call sound quality far from great. I often have problems hearing people, and they have a hard time hearing me, when other phones are fine. This is very disappointing, since it is after all a phone first, and needs to make clear connections before all the bells and whistles come into consideration.

I went from a low end Samsung Galaxy to this HTC phone.  A huge difference!  The display on this phone is amazing.  It is faster than any the Samsung Galaxy phone OR tablet.  I use my phone for calling, text and some apps, nothing special.  This is by far the best phone I have ever had.  A great phone!One word of caution, it did not come with an activation code so I had to go to a T mobile store to get it activated.  It was no big deal.

I've had few problems with this phone. The call quality is good, the videos are fine and the apps are useful and easy to use.Turning the phone off was a bit weird; can't do it from the wallpaper but from the apps or anywhere else.The warranty situation is &#34;sold as is&#34; according to the warranty book, but I think there's a one year Amazon warranty?I would like confirmation about the warranty as I was led to believe there is a ONE-YEAR warranty from Amazon or the manufacturer.

It is a good phone. I bought this phone on ebay from this seller. They shipped this phone really fast. I like this phone so far. the only drawback for this phone is no more software updates from HTC.The price was the big attention getter and since I had been wanting one for a while, I couldn't pass it up. I had a Samsung Galaxy S II but it seemed that I was charging the battery more often than it seemed I should have to for as little as I used it.

amazing little phone it works very good and its fast, gps navigation very good, except pictures always come blurry and not good if taking pictures indoors.

I bought this to replace my current HTC smartphone, which is nearly 3 years old. The HTC One was very well reviewed, so I really wanted to like it. Unfortunately, I was disappointed, and will be returning it.Let's start with the good. The phone looks well designed -- it is sleek-looking and feels good and well-balanced in the hand. It's the right size for me, too -- neither too big nor too small. The screen looks sharp, and its seems fast -- no major delays or hangups.BUT... I found it has two major flaws that make it a poor choice for me.One is the on/wake-up button. It is located on top, basically flush against the body of the phone, and quite hard to press -- I often have to try several times and use my fingernail to get it to respond. There's really no excuse for such poor design, especially since this one of the most frequently used functions -- you press it every time you want to wake up the phone!! I compared it to my wife's Nexus 4, where the button is on the side of the phone and much easier to reach and to press. With the HTC, you literally need two hands to wake up the phone, since it's hard to reach and press the button with the hand that holds the phone -- extremely inconvenient.Second, I found the camera quite poor. I took some pictures around the house, and non were even halfway decent -- blurry, poor colors, red eye, etc. Now, I know it not easy to squeeze a decent camera into the form factor of the phone, but still, the results did not compare well to photos taken with the Nexus 4, or with iPhones I've seen. And since a main reason I wanted to upgrade my phone is to get a better camera, this is a major flaw for me.So these two things -- the poor design of the ON button and the disappointing quality of the photos -- are the reasons I am returning this phone. There are other things I don't really like -- the lack of physical button for the &#34;home&#34; and &#34;back&#34; functions, for example. But these I could easily tolerate if the phone was easier to turn on and took decent photos.It's really too bad -- I wanted to like it...

First  off, I loved my phone when it was working - it was perfect for everyday use and I loved that it wasn't too big. But, I had it maybe 5 months before it started randomly restarting and giving me an error upon startup... I must have &#34;sent the error message&#34; to HTC hundreds of times by now. About a month later I lost sound, meaning I couldn't hear ANYTHING - videos, notifications, calls. Everytime it happened I would restart and about 70% of the time the sound came back, but the frequency of how many times I had to restart increased until about 7 months had gone by since I bought the phone and now the sound is just gone for good, plus if someone calls me, they can't hear what I'm saying either, so my receiver isn't working. I called HTC and they did a sound test which showed that none of my speakers were working, but they wanted me to mail the phone into them and said that, after I mail it and pay for postage, if there is evidence of any tampering or scratches, they won't fix it and I would either have to pay for a new one or pay to have it shipped back. Well i have several scratches on my phone from not having a case so that was out. So now I've had the phone 8 months and can basically only use it for going online and texting. I've been looking around online and it seems like the sound issue is pretty common, so I would NOT recommend this one, bummer too because when it was working I was a huge fan!

Good phone and works well.  So far I am happy with it. Features are good and price was very good.

A great device and very well priced!Absolutely recommend it.But it doesn't have headphones coming with it ( my old hTc HD had those included in the box) but not a big deal, and it was also mentioned on the website.

Super slim, easy to navigate, good sound quality and great battery life.  The earbuds that come with the phone are horrible though,  htc might as well not supply them.
