
This phone is awesome.  Features are great.  Screen size and clarity are great.  Battery life is good.  My favorite phone that I've ever had.

If your Verizon contract is up get your phone on Amazon instead of the VZW website. You will save yourself $$$$$. Love this phone. Super fast, takes great pictures and the speaker sound is exceptional!!!.

There is not a better phone on the market that you could get for $1.00., it's the third HTC One in my households

This is the Greatest phone ever made. It's lightening fast, extremely user friendly, and has a durable and sleek design . A+++

Love the phone, it is fast and smooth.  I am coming from an iPhone 4 and took me about a day to get used to the Android OS.  This phone is much faster at tasks and faster at connecting to the internet than my old iPhone 4.

Have had several smartphones with Verizon by far this phone is my favorite. Camera is awesome and has the zoe feature which allows for frames of pictures to be taken in case you miss the moment . Phone also has a front speaker which is an awesome additional feature. It has a ease of use and the battery lasts a long time without an extra battery.

In terms of the phone itself, this is the best I've ever had hands down. My previous phone was the HTC Thunderbolt, which was nice but nowhere near as fast as this one. The phone feels like a solid unit in your hand and makes you feel like it's a quality device. I'm not much of an audiophile, but I can say that music on this phone sounds great. Outside of the "Blinkfeed" feature, the software feels like what you'd expect from Android.My only con about the phone:-I wish that the home button and the back button could swap places. I'm right handed and I find myself having to make extra effort in order to hit the back button on this phone. I'd be inclined to think that most people use the back button far more than the home button, so I'm not sure why this design decision was implemented.

I absolutely love my HTC One! It is fast, easy to use, and has great battery life! This is the best phone I have ever had!

Absolutely love this phone. The only thing that it's missing is an SD card slot, which they will have on the next One.

I had the HTC Thunderbolt and never had a problem with it. The batter stopped holding a charge so I figured I would upgrade. The only concern I have is the fact that it does not have a removable battery. I figured I would take and chance and see. It takes great pictures and operates great. The only thing I miss that my old phone had is the &#34;kickstand&#34;. This gave me something to hold onto and helped prevent dropping the phone. Other than that everything works good so far. Note I have had it for only a couple months so time will tell.

When it was time to move up from the &#34;pay as you go&#34; basic phone to the smart phone, I did research on most of the phones on the market and narrowed it down down to what I found to be the top three...... Apple Iphone, Samsung S4, and the HTC One. Almost all the reviews rated the HTC one equal to or better then the other Two.After checking prices, even with the HTC rated highter, the cost was less then Apple and Samsung. The next decision was do I want the M7 or M8 model. If you do a lot of movie watching or streaming music (which I don't)  you might consider the M8 (faster processor), so for the price and quality I became a HTC one owner.Now, what do I think of the phone.... I love it.  It does everything you could ask for (and more) You can down the user manual off the internet and it will answer all the question you could think of. I have installed 50 or so Apps and all work just as they should. I have only had the phone for a couple of months, but so far it has exceeded all my request. Bottom line... If you need or want a smart phone I would recommend the HTC one. Do your research, and I think you will come to the same concussion I did

I really like my phone. It is an HTC One. It runs really fast and never lags. It looks awesome. It runs really smoothly.The battery life is okay. It runs out of battery fast, but it charges pretty quickly. Overall I think it's a great phone.It's really worth the money. I would recommend it to anybody who is looking for a smartphone.

I've had this phone for about a month, and it has operated flawlessly from the getgo.  The display is bright and crisp and the resolution is incredible.  Also excellent sound.Engineering and fit & finish are also top notch!

I bought my phone from the Verizon store, unfortunately.I am now on my third HTC one in six months (the first two were replaced under warranty). I started having intermittent trouble with my phone within the first week....I could hear the person on the other end of the call, but they couldn't hear me. I took it to Verizon, and they couldn't replicate the problem in the store because it was intermittent, so they refused to replace the phone. I brought it back again when the problem persisted, and they finally agreed to replace it, but refused to replace it with a new one because it had now been more than 14 days (even though I first reported it within 14 days). They sent me a refurb, which was awful. The battery would only last a few hours. They finally sent me a second refurb, and the mic is not good, and the battery is not much better. The person on the other end of the call will often tell me they can barely hear me because of the mic. Also, the camera is weak....very grainy compared to the competition. I will NOT buy another HTC phone, nor will I buy from a Verizon store again. Now I'm stuck with another 18 months in my contract and a very substandard phone.

Best phone ever used, battery life, functionality, quality feel of the actual phone. The Android Operating system integration truly makes my life easier.

so far pretty good love the look and if u are will to look at some tweeks with how u like good phone

I switched to Verizon with high hopes for the Samsung Galaxy S4. It was a total disappointment. Had issues with: Bluetooth connectivity, lagging/stuttering performance, bloatware, Apps not working (clock alarm was temperamental), disgusting toy like UI, etc.... Was going to go back to iOS, but thought I would give Android one more try (I have a Nexus 7 and Android performance is quite solid). Immediately I can tell a difference between the HTC One and the S4. UI was clean and professional (With the S4, I felt like I was using a Fisher Price toy, both hardware and software). The HTC One build quality by far out does the rest (common theme between every major review site). The speakers are good, not quite "Mind blowing" as I've read, but hardware wise, again is way ahead of its competitors.Pros:Build quality (aluminum)SoundDisplay qualityProfessional looking UILock screen widgets still work if your system admin locks down your phone. (My company requires phones connecting via exchange to be secure and on the Galaxy S4 I was unable to use ANY lock screen widgets.)Cons:Unable to turn of HTC's BlinkfeedNo hard menu button (software only)Phone gets quite warm with heavy usePower button is flush to the top of the phone and may take some time getting use to finding it. (Compare to iPhone where power button is elevated slightly)Unknowns:Haven't had a chance to test battery life, camera, and other HTC software.

Perfect phone for what I wanted it for. I would recommend this phone to my friends and my family, love it.

Personally think this is the best cellphone available. Is it perfect? No. Could do with better battery life and the keyboard-- while good--isn't as good as iPhone 5 I left behind. Completely satisfied otherwise. BlinkFeed is an asset. Some disagree but I really enjoy it. Zoe and the Gallery auto-video options are awesome.

I've only had this phone for only about two weeks now, but so far I haven't had any issues... It's a typical smart phone with a good camera... For the price $19, I'm happy with it...

The phone worked well for the first 6 months.  Then the camera stopped working.  HTC tech support walked me through some fixes which made it better for 2 days, but then the same problem was back.  From there the phone deteriorated by not holding a charge and the charger would take 12+ hours to recharge the phone.  Finally the phone died and without a working charger I could not tell if the phone was dead or the charger was the problem.  HTC sent a replacement, but forgot to include a working charger.  Even the new phone was charging slowly and could not sync with my mac book pro.  I called HTC numerous times and first they said they would rush a charger to me but never did. I waited a week and when I called they changed their story. They they had no record of anyone saying that they would send a charger.  And they said if I did not return the phone by 10 days they would charge a $250 late fee --even though I kept the old phone to wait for the new charger that never came (to try to recover the data.)  I sent the old hone back giving up on recovering the data.  We will see if HTC has the nerve to charge me a $250 late fee.  They say they will only send the new charger when they receive the old phone, because they can only have &#34;one ticket open at a time.&#34;  HTC has a a very anti-customer attitude in my experience.

EDIT TO MY REVIEW: (Thank you for the comment. I searched around again and apparently the HTC one is always on power save mode (this is built into their version and cannot be disabled. My battery complaint is now moot.)Over the summer I was salivating over a new smartphone. It was between the S4 and the ONE for me.-----------------------------------Why I chose the One instead of the S4:------------------------------------It has less "bloatware". Samsung packed a lot in their Touchwiz that I just didn't see myself making practical use of. I prefer a simple, clean approach like the ONE has.-Aesthetics. The sexy unibody aluminum design beats Samsung plastic any day.-The display is more true-to-life/naturally colored than the often brighter S4 screen (due to different technology).-----------------------------------Things I may miss because I chose the ONE instead of the S4:------------------------------------The ability to expand memory (ONE comes with 32gb, and since I'm a casual user I didn't think too much about it.)-The 14 MP camera. HTC has coined the "ultrapixel" as a marketing term, but you can't compare the two cameras that way. The pixel sizes and sensors are all different. I think the S4 comes with greater detail, but the ONE is better in low light situations. There are many comparisons online at any rate. Honestly, the camera was the only hang up I had of picking this phone. But so far, it's doing well.-I believe the NFC is better on the S4, because the plastic doesn't interfere as much with the signal (or so, a Verizon rep told me.) If you want to share mobile-to-mobile, or use a camera like the Canon RX100 II, this is the way to go. But that's a feature I don't think I'll need much.-A gorrila glass screen. I'm accident prone, so I'll have to be careful with my ONE. (oops--HTC one has it as well!)My parents got the S4, so we'll see how they both hold up.-----------------------------------IMPRESSIONS-----------------------------------I adore the ONE. It's been on the market for half a year but it still holds its own among the top smartphones available. Verizon is the last of the major phone providers to offer this model. It runs Android 4.2.2 right out of the box, which is pretty sweet.So far, my impression of the phone is everything I expected. The capabilities are astounding. I'm perhaps overawed because I switched from an archaic, no-one-has-this-anymore prepaid "dumb" phone that I have reluctantly used for the past four years... but pretty much everyone can tell you that this is one amazing phone.The only problem I have with this so far is battery life. I turn off my Wi-Fi and mobile data when it's not in use, but that doesn't help much. Most of the battery keeps the android system running (73% in my phone--there is a breakdown of how the power is apportioned if you find "usage" under the "power" tab.)I called HTC, and a representative verified that this version of the ONE does NOT include the power save mode.EDIT: ---I searched up HTC again. It turns out that Verizon went ahead and made the phone perpetually on power save mode. Which I find really ironic since neither the HTC rep or the Verizon rep I talked to earlier had anything to mention about it.One downside to the Verizon version is that you can't root the phone--the HTC developer's tools were disabled within 24 hours of its release.... Which is pretty disappointing, since it would be really neat to play with.One month later: Yep, it's still awesome. That's all I have to say.

I have had this phone for several days and am extremely satisfied. I upgraded from the HTC Incredible 2, which was a great phone for it's time. The HTC One is a worthy upgrade. I can say that I have not yet completely cycled the battery several times and already it has lasted a full 48 hours without a charge with moderate use. Not bad for a built-in, non-extended battery! Additionally it has excellent sound quality both through speakerphone and headphones for music, excellent reception (also because of Verizon), no lag, and an excellent screen. The phone is also not too big and very thin. There are some unfortunate quirks with HTC Sense 5.0, I liked the old HTC Sense interface on my incredible 2, but hopefully this will be remedied in a 5.5 upgrade soon. The camera is nothing to write home about, but is able to take multiple pictures within a second which is cool. I don't like complaints about cell phone cameras because after all, it's a cell phone. get a real camera if it's that important to you.

I am very impressed with this phone. It has superb build quality. It's the most sturdy phone I've ever used. The front facing stereo speakers are excellent, every phone should have these. Everybody comments on how great the screen looks, and I do as well. The camera focuses and takes shots really quickly. When the operating system updated to KitKat the usable RAM went from 1.5GB to 1.8GB, that's really good. This phone with everything running how I like it (I disable a lot of apps) it pretty much stays at 600MB of 1.8GB of Ram used, that is super efficient. I love that. With heavy use the battery will last me 12-15 hours.

Before I go into the review, a little background: This is my first Android phone, my last phone was an iPhone 4 which I really liked.  I do have an Android tablet (Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1) that I've owned for about a year, so there was not much of a learning curve switching from iOS to Android.  I got the HTC One about 5 days ago and I will most likely be updating this review in the future.Review:First of all, I want to say that I'm in love with this phone.  It's sleek, it's beautiful, it's smooth and, most importantly, it functions nearly flawlessly.  Here's a breakdown of the pros/cons as I see them:Major Pros:- The design and aesthetics: The HTC One truly is a beautiful piece of technology.  It's gorgeous and feels like it was designed for my hand.  The weight of the phone strikes just the right balance and the chamfered edges and rounded back make the phone a pleasure to hold.  This feels every bit like a device that costs $600, which is not something that can be said for any other Android phone.- The display: Incredibly sharp, vivid and bright.  I have never been able to make out an individual pixel on this device.  Even the smallest of fonts is sharp and clear.  The colors are vivid, but not over-saturated like my sister's Galaxy S4 and the display can be very bright.  I haven't used it in a full afternoon sun yet, but there hasn't been a single instance of the display being hard to see.- Performance: As long as I have a decent connection the phone doesn't miss a step.  I had a friend tell me that all android phones tended to suffer from stuttering and being generally a bit glitchy, but I haven't noticed that at all with this phone.  It never slows down.  I've had multiple big apps running in the background in addition to multiple widgets and it's still lightning fast.  It's also marginally faster than my sisters Galaxy S4 and absolutely crushes my friend's iPhone 5.Minor Pros:- "BoomSound" Speakers:  I'm a bit of a stickler for audio quality so I generally use headphones, however, for sharing the occasional youtube video the speakers are a huge improvement over my iPhone 4 and absolutely overpower my sister's galaxy S4.  They can easily fill a quiet room with sound and are much clearer than any other phone speaker I've ever heard.- Size: I find the size to be just right, but my hands are a bit larger than average.  Having a phone this size does enable having the beautiful 4.7 in display and the speakers, but if it were any larger then I think I would have problems using the phone with one hand.- Sense 5: My only other extended experience with Android is with my Samsung tablet which has Samsung's touchwiz skin.  I find HTC Sense to be considerably smoother and more aesthetically pleasing. In addition there is very little bloatware.  My sister's Galaxy S4 (and my Galaxy Note 10.1) may do a thousand cool tricks, but few are actually practical.  I haven't found anything about Sense that I would change with one exception: BlinkFeed.- Camera:  HTC is catching some flak because the photos taken with the 4 MP camera aren't as sharp as photos taken with higher resolution phone cameras, but this doesn't bother me.  The photos it takes are plenty sharp for viewing on the phone display or a computer and, more importantly, the colors are accurate and low light performance is brilliant.  Zoe is also pretty cool, but I haven't used it much yet.  There are enough software features for me, but those that like to tweak settings and filters, etc. will probably like the Galaxy S4 software better.Minor Cons:- BlinkFeed: [EDIT: NO LONGER A PROBLEMS SINCE THE INTRODUCTION OF SENSE 5.5]- Battery Life: While it's really not as bad as some people make it out to be, I definitely need to charge it every night.  It will get through a solid 16 hours of moderate use and have about 15-20 percent battery left.  While at college I'm going to have to bring a charger with me wherever I go because I use it much more heavily during the semester.- No MicroSD slot: Not a big deal for me, but if you have a lot of HD quality movies that you want to put on your phone then this isn't the phone for you.  32 GB is plenty for me, however.- Headphone jack: [EDIT: THIS IS NO LONGER A PROBLEM]- Beats Audio: For those who are not familiar with what Beats Audio actually does, here is a brief explanation.  Beats Audio is actually a type of equalization that boosts the bass and treble frequencies while reducing the midrange frequencies.  This makes the more "interesting" frequencies pop out and hides the "duller" midrange.  The problem with this is that the midrange carries most of the musical information and is the frequency range that I appreciate the most.  Now, since Beats can just be turned off, why is this a con?  Well, apparently as part of the agreement between HTC and Monster (The company that produces Beats) HTC removed the equalization tool from the google play music app.  That means that I had to download a 3rd party equalization app that is compatible with google play music rather than being able to use the one that is normally integrated.  Not a big deal, but annoying.Major Cons: None so far, but I will update in the future if I find some.In conclusion, this is by far the best phone I've ever had.  The problems i have with it are minor and I find that the phone is worth every penny paid for it.  More importantly, this device truly does make my life easier.  It's never distracting and always provides a high quality interaction.  I also want to note that I don't mean to bash the Galaxy S4, I was only using it as a comparison because it's the only comparable phone I had access to.  My sister absolutely loves her Galaxy S4 and I'm sure it's also a great choice.  If you have any questions, comments, etc. then feel free to leave them as I will probably read them.

What a deal I got from Amazon vs Verizon!  Saved hundreds of dollars on this phone.  VZ hit me with a 30 dollar upgrade charge, but better than $599 they wanted for continuing my unlimited data plan if I bought the phone from them!The One is sleek and sexy and works very well for my non-nerd needs.  No regrets with this phone;  VZ's LTE service is another matter...Updated review, minus one star, to add that it's now well known that this model has significant problems with bluetooth devices.  My prior Plantronics BT worked very well with my old HTC Thunderbolt; but not with my current One.  The forums are full of similar complaints; apparently it's more an issue with the One than with BT devices themselves.  HTC's supposed to be working on a fix, from what I've read.  I'm reluctant to spend more and more trying different BT devices.  Shame on HTC for crippling such a nice phone.  If you've found a good BT device that works very well with this phone, do tell...Updated 2/26/14: based on more research and generally favorable reviews, I purchased a Samsung HM3300 BT earpiece on Amazon.  It was so affordable that I had doubts it would work well.  Though I haven't used it extensively, the few times I've called land lines 3000 miles away it performed so well that the callee didn't know I was using a BT device.  I (but not they) could hear a bit of an echo when I spoke, but maybe there's some setting that I should tweak.  No echo when they spoke.  All in all, at this point, I'm thrilled to finally have finally found a suitable BT that appears to be working well on my One.Samsung HM3300 Bluetooth Headest (Blue)

It took me MONTHS to purchase a new smartphone. I needed a phone that had good call quality and reception as well as all the other bells and whistles.  I tested phones from four different locations.  The HTC one was the best and almost always had a bar or two more than other phones. I like the customization associated with all androids but I think the UI for this phone is easy to use.  (And I have gotten to software updates in the two months I have had the phone. The phone is beautiful . . . a work of art.  The touch screen is responsive, I enjoy the camera (especially in low light situations and I love the ergonomics of the phone.  My only complaint is the recessed physical buttons which take some getting used to, And I do think the phone should have one more capacitive button.But all in all, this the BEST smartphone out there. In many ways, it is what the latest iPhone SHOULD be. I really love my HTC One. Best the m8, coming out soon, will be outstanding.

I have had this phone now for about 6 months. I have nothing but high high praises for it.I shopped for about 2 months tapping into every youtube video, review and social media site I could. I finally settled on the One. I really haven't found much negative about it.As for Features, where do I start? One of the most beautiful screens I have ever seen. Gorilla Glass to prevent scratches, clear, very vibrant colors in all settings. Being outside with this phone does, diminish the visual aspect, but this is the draw back to smart phones. The Zoe feature is where this phone shines above all others. I have made some amazing short movies with really no work at all. I have programmed my One for all major TV manufactures with the remote feature. This is one of my favorite features on it. I can control most TV's in restaurants and bars. Nice little feature during basketball season when some fool wants to watch Jersey Shore in a sports bar.I gave the ease of use 4/5 stars as this isn't the easiest phone in the world to operate. I had been an android user for years and switched to IOS for a few years. Switching back to the One was difficult at first, but with the power of youtube, I have tapped into every feature I have. With the upgrade of Kitkat, it made it a bit easier to run. I love the larger screen of the current generation of smart phones, but you can get too big. The iPhone fits well in your hand, but your left wanting more. The One fits this bill perfectly. Its 4.7&#34; screen fits well in the hand and give you the ease of one handed operation even with small hands. I have an Otterbox Commuter series case on mine and the overall size is still perfect. I really cant tap into all the amazing features of this phone without taking up 2 hours of your time!Battery, Here is where gave the phone another 4/5 stars. Its running the Snapdragon 600 @ 1.7 GHz so battery life is not going to be that of the old Nokia 5120's, but it does lack some of what I think should be coming out of a 2300 mAh battery. With the new Kitkat upgrade, you are able to turn BlinkFeed off giving you a good increase. I never had much use for it as I have Sports Center for well sports and each social media/news site provides updates. You are able to turn off all unused apps as well. It comes preloaded with a bunch of stuff I will never or have ever used. You have the ability to hide them and force stop these apps. This was a major increase in battery life for me. You can also limit the CPU, but lets face it, you bought this phone for its speed so that not the best idear. Adjust your screen brightness and your set. I will take the phone off the charger around 0430 hours and use it as my morning news and sports updates, spend an 8 hour shift running texts and some twitter updates. Around 1500 when I arrive home, i am usually sitting at 55% battery life. By the time I hit the sack, its still around 25%. Not to bad for my lifestyle.Performance. I compared this to several different brands and style of smart phones and I was overly drawn to the One. It may not have the larger Snapdragon 800 or over 2 GHz, but it still runs super fast.Call Quality is better than anything I have ever experienced. It will filter out back ground noise which is great for being on the road. I log over around 1200 miles a month and am on the phone much of these miles. The filter has made it much better while on the road.Overall I can't say enough about this phone. I was blown away. Unless HTC pulls the new M8 out of hands of God himself, its going to be hard to top this phone!

The aluminum unibody gives some of the best build quality of any Android phone, and the pixel density and quality of the screen is similarly great. The processor, gpu, and ram are all also on the nicer end for hardware, more than powerful enough for all common smartphone usages.My only real complaints would be that the battery life isn't great, probably comparable to an iPhone. Whereas the Maxx and Razr Maxx can last for 2 days without a charge, this needs to be charged daily with average use, maybe even in midday under heavier usage. Not terrible battery life, just not the best available.Also, the power button is a bit difficult to press. The top left corner is less accessible than the top right in my opinion for a right-handed user, and the button itself is very recessed and doesn't travel much when pressed. It's a minor complaint, but I've had the phone for a few weeks, and it's still tricky to press the power button, and there are user reports of it wearing out rather quickly. Especially with a case, it becomes even less accessible.For those interested in custom ROMs, recovery installations, and getting root, RumRunner lets you S-Off and then fastboot flash a recovery to gain root and flash ROMs. If unfamiliar with the process, XDA developers has more info on the process and its advantages, but it's probably not something the average user would care about,Overall, the HTC One is a very well made phone with a great screen and nice performance, and the only drawbacks for me are average battery life and a tricky power button.

I bought the HTC One from Best Buy on 11/2/13. I have drooled over this phone for the past 6 months, previously owned a HTC Inspire which performed really well for the last 2 years, and I am a fan of HTC. The HTC One has many great features. The camera, which is something I am picky about, is excellent. The sound with the speakers is really amazing, it does not sound like a cell phone but more like a stereo system. The display is beautiful, clear, and sharp.The in-call sound is good. I'm used to talking with someone on a handsfree bluetooth speaker phone and there used to be so much wind/road noise from their end. No changes on their end, just the switch to the HTC One on my end and they sounded so much better, almost as if they were actually holding the phone rather than speaking to a speakerphone.The battery life is really good. The phone feels super sturdy. The ability to turn it into a TV Remote Control is cool, but also super nice because it lets you know that shows you like are currently on. No more searching for them via a guide.So, why a 3 star rating? Which, it does hurt me to give.When holding the phone with my shoulder, I lose some service, people can't hear me or if the service isn't 4-5 full bars, I lose the call. There is some debate over what causes this, if it's the full aluminium body, if the antenna in the phone just isn't strong enough. Some people say if you're left handed (or like me and just prefer to hold the phone with your left hand) that the bottom left corner of the phone being covered causes it to loose signal. I did experiment with that, it seems to do that especially if signal strength isn't high.Bottom line, I am not pleased with the signal strength...for whatever the reason may be. I love everything about the phone, except that. Which is important in my case. And it may not be an issue for some people, who live in areas with stronger signal strength. It seems to be the case for most service providers though as I saw reports of this from AT&T;, Sprint, and T-Mobile users as well.So, I will be returning mine, somewhat begrudgingly. I am lucky in that my 2nd choice for a phone is available and on sale currently, the LG G2. It was the only other one I felt compared to the HTC One as far as all around good deal.

Fast, lots of memory and very customizable. The large screen and resolution are great as well. This was an excellent buy.

This phone has been great plus I appreciate getting a deal on Amazon for the data plan.  However, the one downside I would mention is that it's a little too tall for using one-handed.  I find that email/calendar functions are best done with two hands.

I have to admit that the phone has great sound and takes very good photos and video, but the htc sync software makes it nearly impossible to transfer any of them to an Apple product. I have had the sync app crash on me multiple times resulting in a loss of photos and video. People ofter come to me with tech problems because I have a pretty good background with a wide range of devices, but I have been totally unable to solve syncing issues with this device. I truly regret buying this device and will avoid buying htc again because of their horrible sync software.

Everyone has an Iphone.  I didn't want to be like everyone else.  I had an HTC Incredible.  Liked it much but it was getting old and would not hold too much more data.  I looked on Verizon's website to upgrade.  The price was $166 with renewal of my 2 year contract.  Bit much.  I stumbled across the same phone on Amazon's webpages a few days later.  Get this:  just $29!!! Heck yeah!  I am pleased with the phones functionality and the screen quality is quite good.

While I enjoy everything else about the phone, the camera is just awful. I have read and tried more than enough tips and tricks and camera apps (and I am a tech savvy person) to get clear pictures and still find myself borrowing friends phones to take pictures.

Amazon matched Best Buy offer and gave this for 50$.Phone is great.. best build quality of any android.Screen is sensitive and fast. Colors are awesome.Best feature - beats speakers on front.. they are good enough in a medium sized room.Would have liked 64Gb version or microSD card slot, but nothing to complain for 50$

I am really liking the phone. Great screen, and features. The only downside is the battery is not quite as long lasting as I would like. With amazon it was a steal!

I'm a fan of the Galaxy tablets and phone. I only upgraded to the S4 from the S3 to give my niece a phone.  The S4 was never really an exciting phone to me.  Yes, it had some cool new features, like the air gestures and eye scrolling.  To tell you the truth I never really used those features because they were a little quirky.  There were also a few unexplained incidents with odd things suddenly happening on the phone.  The deal breaker came with the recent upgrade to Android 4.3.  The phone had some serious issues with sound and sluggishness after that upgrade to to Android 4.3.  I decided let's see what the HTC One has to offer.  I am impressed.  This is my first HTC phone and I absolutely love it!  I don't miss the Galaxy S4 at all.  I know the camera on the HTC one isn't 13 mega pixels like the S4, but for the two front facing speakers, stable operating system, aluminum body and etc. it's worth it!  I even like the HTC BlinkFeed. I'm now looking forward to the next version of the HTC ONE.  Awesome phone.

Free with contract, it's a step up from what free phones use to be. It's fast, the screen is sharp, Great purchase

Love this phone.  Very quick and fast responses.  Call quality is great.  Only a $0.01 with a contract when I purchased it.  you will not find a better phone for that price.  Thank you Amazon!

I bought this for a friend, but she is accustomed to iphones and was frustrated with this phone, so I decided to upgrade and use it myself. I love it. It is fast and has so many really great features. I never thought I'd leave my Motorola Droids, but this phone has won me over.

I owned this phone with Sprint and I loved it so much that when I switched companies I got the same phone. The phone is in general as great, but it is missing a few features like: (1) the radio (Sprint phone worked as a radio by using the cable of the headphones or speakers as antennae. I used the radio every morning, so it was a big disappointment for me that verizon does not have it), (2) the power saver mode (which really saved the battery without me having to pay much attention), (3) the visual voicemail (it is available for both, but Sprint's was free and a lot easier to use). The other thing that bothered me with Verizon, unlike Sprint, is that it does not allow me to uninstall many applications. I disabled the undesired applications, but it's my phone so I should be able to uninstall anything I want.Overall, I love the phone and Verizon does have faster signal than Sprint! (see other reviewers for more specifc technical reviews)

The phone is awesome. I will not review this because you can find numerous reviews by experts and owners. However, getting a phone through Amazon is the best. They have the best deals and I was able to grandfather my Verizon unlimited data through here even with a subsidized phone. Can't do that through Verizon. Win-win. Buy it from Amazon from now on!

I upgraded from the Droid Bionic to this phone. After more than a week of breaking the phone in, here is my take:PROS:- Simple to call/text- FAST processor- AWESOME battery life (have had 30+ hour runs on a battery charge)- Quality front speakers- HTC Transfer is a man's best friend- The TV function WORKS, and has made my life that much simplerCONS- Blinkfeed can be a bit obtrusive on main screen- You can accidentally send yourself home during normal app usage (not that common)- No expandable drive storage (32 GB is plenty for most)- Battery is built-in albeit powerful- Buying secondary accessories can be a pain (make sure the apps support Verizon phones!!!)- LED notification lights are in the speaker, and are very smallIn the grand scheme of things, the negatives are really just nit-picks, although they could make serious considerations for potential buyers.So far the only thing I wish they did was to only make it an option for Blinkfeed to be used off the bat, but with recent software changes, that option could disable the app. I will say this though: it's a functional phone that's fast, efficient, and even considerate. Please consider this amongst your options when upgrading because cheaper cost doesn't necessarily mean a cheaper phone.

Pros:-Looks sleek-Camera takes crisp pictures-Does phone thingsCons:-Battery seems to drain quickly when taxed-No built in flashlight app-I dropped it

These are the major problems:1) This phone has problems holding a charge for a full day.2) If you plan on using anything with GPS it is even worse. When the GPS is used the aluminum case get extremely hot and difficult to hold.3) When making a call you can't use the speakerphone because of too much feedback. For example, when calling a voice response system it thinks you have responded and you are directed to some random selection.

They should call this a electronic entertainment device because the phone doesn't work.  It started out great but after awhile the microphone broke. Now the only way I can talk on it is either speakerphone or Bluetooth. I contacted HTC and they said it was a software issue and an update would come out to fix it. They wouldn't tell me when though so in the mean time I have a big brick of annoyance if I have to talk to someone while in public. I can't recommend this (not a) phone.

Part 1-Thought this would be a nice phone upgrade. After 2 days can say I'm very disappointed. Phone arrived in timely fashion but would not activate without Verizon's help. No instruction book, have to use on line manuals. Very hard to operate the basics (apps, internet connectivity, screens, settings, etc.). Battery life sucks so far, could be just using a lot of juice for original set up. Back of phone does get warm but a cover will solve that problem. Call quality was fine.  Will proceed further with set up this weekend and will advise further after some studying and practice.Part 2- Much happier today. Still learning the ins and outs (on-line manuals at Verizon and HTC,and YouTube videos help). Have phone set up and customized and can say I am totally pleased. Battery seems to be lasting longer (first couple of charges may not have been a full re-charge) but since the battery is sealed we will have to live with it. Upgrading rating to 5 stars.Part 3/FINAL- Solidly built phone and beautiful screen images. Easy navigation once you get familiar with HTC. Camera OK for me (don't use it that much). Battery life seems acceptable for calls and lite use of apps, heavier users (games/vids/music) will encounter problems, may be a deal breaker for you.DEFINITELY WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONEP.S.added June 23 - Used the phone for about 5 weeks before finding out I was using DATA instead of WIFI despite having the wifi icon on the notification bar. After going back and forth with HTC (great customer service by the way) I called Verizon and the connection problem was fixed. Now the phone is 100% better. The speed is what I expected and the battery is lasting longer.

I've been an HTC user for a LONG time (all the way back to the HTC Herald/T-Mobile Wing Windows 6.1 phone). In front of me on my desk, I currently have four generations of HTC Android devices: The HTC Droid Incredible, the HTC Rezound, , the HTC Droid DNA, and finally, this HTC One all for Verizon. When I first picked up my new phone, I was highly impressed by the feel of it in my hand. It was such a pleasure to hold, that I was very reluctant to put my normal case on it that slides into a holster, but I knew I had reservations about this newest HTC unit so I forced myself to put on the case. First off, the phone is an only marginal upgrade from the DNA in many respects. The One is slimmer and shorter than the DNA (One: 5.41 x 2.69 x 0.37 inches vs DNA: 5.55 x 2.78 x 0.38 inches), but the DNA weighs slightly less (One: 5.04 oz vs DNA: 4.87 oz) With the same overall resolution (1080 x 1920 pixels) the One has a lightly better Pixels per inch (PPI) than the DNA (468 vs 441). I think this is because of the slightly larger screen size of the DNA. While I had to look VERY closely, the screen on the One is slightly sharper, but I prefer the larger real estate of the 5 inch DNA screen over the 4.7 inch One.The One is made of aluminum which stands out to be the sexiest Android phone I've ever seen. It just looks and feels awesome! The slightly newer version of Android (4.2.2) seems to be a step in the right direction, and Sense 5.0 seems to be even smoother than the older Sense, although I've always had an affinity for HTC's Sense GUI. I am pretty annoyed by the Blinkfeed feature on the One that you can't get rid of, although you CAN set another panel as your "Home Screen" and tuck the BLinkfeed panel out of sight.The stereo front-facing speakers on the One are one of the other features that REALLY set this phone apart from the others I've used, tested and played with over the years. I was actually able to hear EVERYTHING clearly, even at full volume. OF course, the bass isn't earth-shattering, but at least you can hear that it's there. Watching a movie or TV show was actually enjoyable, and it was much clearer than on the DNA. As with all Beats-by-Dre enabled HTC phones, I was not impressed by this feature on the One and found that it muddied the sound on the stereo speakers.The HTC One also sports a handy infrared remote control feature. The power button on top doubles as an IR remote blaster and the phone can "learn" to control many different devices. The stock software is pretty good although it wants you to set up a TV every time, and I only have a projector (Although it did learn most of the functions from that remote). It was still pretty cool. On a side note about HTC power buttons, they sure like to move them around: The original Incredible has the power on the left, the Rezound is on the right, the DNA has it in the middle, and the One brought it back to the left....Now we come to the epic, and I mean EPIC failure of HTC with the One: The camera. I mean, COME ON! 4.0 "ultrapixels"???????? This is where I made my final decision to return this handset to Verizon. I take a lot of pictures with my phones, and I just can't get over how HTC made such an awesome phone and then ruined it with some gimmicky camera stuff. The DNA has 8 megapixels vs the 4 "ultrapixels" and the DNA takes superior pictures in all conditions. I read many places that the One was awesome at taking indoor pictures in low light and no flash, but my comparisons between the two phones produced better pictures on the DNA. Because of the larger number of pixels, edges were sharper, clearer, and the colors more natural. Sorry HTC, you dropped the ball here.All this aside, if you are looking to come from an older phone and don't ever plan to print an 8X10 photo from a phone picture, the HTC One is the sexiest Android phone on the market. It is very fast, sleek, the screen is second-to-none, and the front facing stereo speakers are the best on any smartphone I've ever played with. However, if taking pictures is a high priority like me, you'll want to either wait and see if HTC fixes this issue or try another phone (if you can find a DNA, they are nice units). My last thought has to do with manufacturing quality control. I've read a lot of complaints about durability of the One, and the unit I have (had) has some slight manufacturing defects where the top piece of the phone (the border around the screen) does not line up very well on the top and the bottom of the phone. There are definite ridges on those bezels....the fit and finish is not world class.HTC One Pros:The aluminum frame makes for a VERY sexy phoneThe Front-Facing Stereo Speakers produce awesome sound for a phoneThe screen resolution and pixel density make for a very nice viewing experienceThe 1700 MHZ Quad-Core and 2GB of RAM make for a snappy phoneHTC Sense 5.0 does appear to be an improvement over earlier versions of SenseBuilt-in IR remote control32 GB Internal StorageDecent Battery (2300 mAh)HTC One Cons:The gimmicky and (to me) useless 4.0 "Ultrapixel" cameraFit and finishBlinkfeed that can't go awayThe loss of zooming out the home screen to see all panels at onceNo SD cardNon-Removable batteryDid I mention the camera?HTC One Notables:Beats by Dre is still "meh" to meThe included headphones weren't impressive and lacked any Beats brandingIf the camera didn't suck, this would be a 5-star phone hands down.

DO NOT DO IT. okay the htc one is a great piece of technology. but i really did miss my iphone. Now i have an htc one that i spend a fortune on that i dont even use. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!on the other hand, if you are a droid-type: i recommend it for you.

A good phone -- the best one for the price.  It has a larger screen for older eyes but is a little heavy for my pocket.  Very user friendly.

Just received a software update 2 days ago and it downgraded the phone, as opposed to upgrading...What the update changed:The font size in text messages is no longer bold and now difficult to see.Bluetooth connectivity is now causing a problem with downloading the phone book in my 2013 VW.The camera used to take amazing pictures, and now they are washed out.All ring/sound tones were changed.Theme and wallpaper options were removed.It seems this was done as a means to cause people to upgrade to a new $$$ phone.Thanks for making this once great phone now s**k.

My wife bought one, we liked it so much that when I was eligible for an upgrade I got one also. Neither one of us have a complaint about it, this phone is definitely the best phone we've owned so far.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! OK, it's not really "possessed" -- I don't think -- but at 2:30 am last night, it just started ringing on its own and wouldn't stop. I pressed the "volume down" button, and it kept ringing at the same volume. I went into "Settings" and put the sound on "Silent," but it kept ringing. I checked all alarms, and there were none on. And here's the kicker -- I then powered the phone off, and it kept ringing! I wanted to remove the battery, but you can't on this phone. I then unplugged the charging cord, and after a few minutes, it stopped ringing. But as soon as I plugged the phone back in, it started ringing again even with the power off. With the power on, it kept ringing regardless of whether it was plugged in or not. I put the phone in my car to get it out of the house so I could try to sleep. I returned the phone to the retailer this morning as soon as the store opened, with the phone still ringing. The tech staff was amazed and had never seen anything like it. Luckily, I was still within my 14-day window, so I could return it for a full refund, rather than get another HTC One and hope for the best. I am not alone -- look it up online. Apparently there is a history of this happening with Droid DNA by HTC as well.

I finally broke down at 20 years old and decided I needed to buy a phone. After a lot of contemplation and research I bought this. So far I have been very impressed with it. I love the aluminum and how it looks, which is why I've had a hard time purchasing a case for it. I've dropped the phone a few times from around three feet and nothing major had happened, just a few minor scratches. Unfortunately I did recently drop it onto asphalt and took a small chunk out of the corner of the phone. The screen didn't break though.As for the operating system... It's what I expected, an Android OS with some of HTC's extra stuff. The Blink feed isn't too annoying, in fact I have forgotten about it since I set my home page to a different screen. I haven't turned it off though, because sometimes it is nice to get an overview of my topics.What I like the most about this phone, aside from the look of it, is the gestures HTC has included. It saves a lot of time when doing somethings. The thing I like least is that the phone will get fairly hot when watching Netflix for a few hours, but nowhere near high enough to be harmful. It is kind of nice during the winter though. Run something demanding for a while and you have a hand warmer.

Mostly this phone has been fine, except for two rather big issues.  I cannot get the GPS to be functionally useful and Google maps works very poorly despite having the proper settings turned on.  Also I've had issues when speaking on the phone - if I don't remember to shut the screen off, I inadvertently end up switching on the mute button, or even worse the speaker function which then blasts my eardrum.  The latter issue I can cope with, but am really bummed about the poor navigation as I've really relied on this feature with previous smartphones. Given all the other good reviews, I suspect it's just an issue with my phone.  Nonetheless would not purchase again.

Coolest phone ever had lof features than any other HTC, recommend this to anyone, to much software down loading going on.

I couldn't be more pleased with this phone or with the price I paid for it. The screen size is huge, the front facing speakers are loud, the phone is so fast and I got it on Amazon for over a hundred dollars cheaper than through Verizon.

I upgraded from a Motorola Droid.  The HTC One looks fantastic and is much faster than my older phone.  The main problem I have is that it is metal so it is hard to hold next to your ear with your neck because it tends to fall.  This is not reason enough to deduct a rating star though.  This is my first HTC phone and would purchase another one.

i love this phone. very simple like a Iphone on steriods. the booming speakers are wild, its a great quality built.

I switched from an iPhone to the HTC One mainly because I was put off by the iOS 7 update. While I really liked some things about the update there were other things that just did not work for me. My first week with the HTC One was tough since I was missing several iPhone features. None the less I persisted and it grew on me. Several months into it I can tell you that iOS is a better OS for a phone than Android- it's just easier to get things done. Android is more flexible and powerful, however, it's a phone and I don't need power and flexibility. For me, an appliance is better than a computer since I just need to make calls and get stuff done.The HTC One hardware is every bit as nice and well made as the iPhone but there are some shortcomings. For example, the iPhone is easier to turn on and off (no small thing) and I really miss the dedicated silencer switch. Perhaps the biggest drawback for me is the fact that I can't pull a preamp signal when plugging it into my car audio system. The iPhone is way ahead in car audio integration.So why is this phone the best I've ever had despite my gripes? Well, the HTC One is an amazing portable multi media device. Its screen is the best I've seen and the Beats Audio is not just a gimmick- it works surprisingly well. I find myself watching YouTube and Netflix regularly. I had both of these programs on the iPhone but the experience was nowhere near as good. No phone is perfect- they all have their pluses and minuses. The best you can hope for is that the sum is greater than the parts and HTC hit the ball out of the park with this offering.

Okay, so I've been wanting this phone for the longest time and finallyyyy got it for Christmas! :D Got it in blue. It's beautiful, really well-designed. The construction is suberb--you can really see the craftsmanship--and that's why I prefer HTC over Galaxy phones. I had an old Galaxy phone and it looked and felt very cheap. This screen is flawless! I agree with everything that's been said in the reviews. Obviously it's too early to give an in-depth analysis, and even if I've had it for a while I don't think mine would be full of tech lingo and wisdom (I'm moderately techy; I know what root means, but I don't know how to do it nor do I want to try...), but I'll give my pros and cons list nonetheless:PROS:- Aesthetics: The screen is absolutely amazing. Coming from an old prepaid Galaxy phone (I refuse to say which, although you can probably guess...), I was VERY impressed with the screen. It's clear, it's sharp, and very true to colors. The screen is bright and--combined with the phone's beautiful metallic-blue exterior--makes for stunning aesthetics.-  Speakers/Sound: The front speakers are what really drew me to the HTC One. Music's very important to me and I think this phone's got the best sound. It should be standard to put speakers on the front of a phone. Also, Beats Audio is integrated into the sound and I like the effect.- Layout/Firmware/whatever you call it...: The operating system/layout is pretty good and I Iike it more than the old version of Android that I was using because it's more up-to-date (with some reserves which I'll list in a sec.)CONS:- Charging/Battery Life: Takes a long time for a full charge (and I agree with a previous reviewer--I'm not one of those paranoid people who always need a 90-100% battery--this takes a long time to charge up yet drains the battery at a fast rate.-Lack of a Menu Button on Front of Screen & Tiny Power/Volume Buttons: Coming from a Galaxy phone, I felt this lack immediately. Not having a Menu button gets frustrating. Again, I agree with a reviewer: not having a menu button forces apps to provide their own thus taking up real estate. Also, the power and volume buttons are barely there so I frequently have to look down to press them. Definitely not a deal-breaker but noticeable enough. I might overlook that after a while; who knows :)... That's it! Oh yeah the camera's great, but I'll need more time with it. Overall, the HTC One on Verizon is amazing. It's obvious HTC really cares about quality and I'd say this is the best Android phone out right now. Very happy--and thankful! of course--with my present this year :)Edit: Just a side note, I downloaded Go Launcher which has always been a favorite of mine because it's highly customizable. It solves the homescreen rotation issue and allows you to delete Blinkfeed as a screen.

It's a great phone, not many complaints at this time. It's user friendly, easy to use. I would recommend this phone

HTCOne is the best smart phone that I have had.  Excellent battery life.  Usually lasts all day without recharge.  Easy to use.  Can access information quickly.  Phone quality is excellent and Beats sound is superb.

Steam lined look and great screen. Pictures and video are awesome. The price is unbelievable and no problem activating to the verizon network.

This is my third smartphone by far the best. My reason for selecting this phone was the beats audio and they don't disappoint. Have friends that's G3 and G4 and both like this unit. People whom say this phone is garbage have unrealistic expectations of smartphones in general.  Overall I'm very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend to my own family and friends..

I've been a long-time HTC user (Incredible, Incredible 2, Rezound) and I'd been anxiously awaiting for the HTC One for almost a year. Even though it took so much longer to come to Verizon, I couldn't be happier with it. This phone is beautiful, it's blazing fast, and all of the multimedia features are outstanding. I'm especially pleased with the battery life; even with extensive usage, I still have plenty of juice left at the end of the day.I'm not a huge fan of Sense, and I'm annoyed that you can't get rid of Blinkfeed, but those minor complaints are more than offset by everything else about this phone. If you're in the market for an upgrade, I highly recommend it.

Not having a smartphone before. I thought this phone has been a great phone to use.  I was told to get the S4. Several of my extended family members own the S4, and was halfway sold on it. But this phone was free and I love the way it takes pictures. I have two kids and this phone is great for quick snaps. I highly recommend this for anyone who has any tech savvy about them

Trouble with speakers, fuzzy buzzing over ringing and voices, both with and without headohones. Touchy dial pad calls random people after I hit the contact I want to dial. Messaging/Google chat compete. Messaging announces my VOICE MAILS. With no way to turn that function off. Confusing live feed screen. Totally unnecessary function. I am very disappointed, as I loved my Incredible II.

Not only is this a great phone, but i saved about $30 buying through amazon instead of Verizon. it was super easy to set up and get activated and got it all done without a hitch. I even was able to update to the new kitkat android right away.

This is my fourth Android phone, and sixth smartphone. With the latest edition of Jelly Bean installed, this sucker runs circles around my friends' phones. I love the new interface, functionality, speed, and little touches that make this so much more comfortable & capable than any phone I've used. The camera does great with low-light conditions (and saves REALLY fast), the battery life & power management are pretty amazing, and the data balancing between network & WiFi is effortless. Did I mention that the screen & stereo surround (simulated) are super awesome? Oh, and you'll freak out when you plug this into a larger sound system; the Beats audio is really something special.I'm starting to sound like a commercial, but seriously, this was the best phone purchase I've made in my 20 years of cell phone usage. You could do worse.

This is one of the best phones to date, i personally love the full metal casing giving the phone a very sturdy feel to it. the front facing speakers with beats audio was one of the best designs that HTC put into the phone and it is a night and day experience when compared to the sound coming from other smart phones. the camera is pretty good although when it comes to bad lighting the photo does suffer a bit but i didnt buy the phone for the camera. the phone hasnt slowed down a bit since i got it and runs smooth i have no problems with it whatsoever.my only gripe is that i cant install an sd card into but i dont use that much space on my phone anyway it comes with 32gb standard so thats all im going to need for now anyway. i would definitely recommend this phone to anyone

Best phone I have had to date. Bloatware is actually useful and Sense UI works well unlike Samsung Touchwiz crap. Blinkfeed is a pretty neat concept, although there are other similar apps. I use it, but for people who do not you can not completely remove it from the phone. Display is gorgeous and build quality is also top notch. The main reason I like it is how perfectly it fits in my hand. To me being able to use the phone with one hand to text etc. is a big deal and it couldn't be any easier on this phone. The battery life I will say is average, but it can make it through a whole day before recharge. Boomsound speakers actually allow you to hear your phone in an airport, ball field, or other moderately noisy areas. All in all a great phone.

I gave this phone 4 Stars.You will not find a better quad core phone, with less issues for the price.  This phone is blazing faster , faster then the galaxy s 4 Even. The only thing its missing is external SD card =(

I am 98% satisfied with this product. The first problem I have is that the period button is somewhat close the the home button, so sometimes you accidentally activate the home button in the middle of typing a text message. It can get kind of annoying, but it isn't a huge deal. I LOVE the little infrared controller in this device that allows me to control my tv. It's unique in that manner.The second problem I have is that it takes a long time to charge. Everything else in this phone is perfect.

This is a well-made phone with solid specs. I've owned a Motorola Droid and a Galaxy Nexus, both felt like compromises.The HTC One has an incredible speaker, both clear and loud. The microphones do a good job, people can actually hear me clearly when I use this phone (sadly not many smartphones seem to actually work well for voice calls).I could do without HTC Sense, but it doesn't particularly bother me that much either. Blinkfeed is actually kind of useful, but again I could do without it.If I were to have one complaint about the phone, it would be the camera. The aspect ratio is out of proportion compared with most cameras and the photo quality is generally acceptable, but not competitive with other good smartphones.

This is fine piece of tech. But I'm a computer geek, and if I want to put a custom ROM on it, dang it, I will! But Verizon has made that pretty darn tough. They're the only carrier that's doing so with this device at the time of this writing.I recommend the phone, but not the carrier.

So far love this phone. However I have only had it about a week almost but am enjoying it. The HTC one takes beautiful photos.

Left the iphone and came to droid. First day hated it... Now I love it. KICK A*# phone. Highly recommended really nice phone.

I've had this phone for about 3 months now so I feel I can give it a fair enough review. For context my last phone was a droid 2 global which I had for 3 years, loved it, never had any problems other than somewhat poor battery life. The HTC One is a substantial upgrade over the last phone, which was android 2 based, HTC one is android 4. Mostly used for texts, email, news, podcast, web, navigation, minor games. Have not used it for any work functions.  I will just list below but overall I highly recommend the phone, it's fantastic. My cons are really all minor and would not negatively influence me from purchasing the same phone again.Pros:-Very fast both in phone functions and network (4g lte)-Camera is great, excellent photo quality, limited zoom though.-Google Now service is interesting if not always useful.- phone settings all available from pull down screen at any time.- Thin but has great weight to it. Feels well built and has survived a couple 5 foot falls without any dents or damage-Boots up very fast.- IR blaster surprisingly useful for tv/cable box at home.- very easy transfer of pics and contacts from old phone with HTC app.Neutral:-Blink feed. Frankly never used it, never saw the need to. You can't turn it off but I just pushed it to the far left of my home pages and it never gets looked at. Social media users might like it, I don't see any need for it but doesn't detract from the phone in any way.- cosmetic, I don't like the the curved back of the phone. Also there is a black edge all around the screen. I wish the actual screen ran to the edges of the housing.- miss the hard keyboard.Cons: - Screen scratches very easily. Just get a screen protector on it and you'll be fine.- infrequent freezing or not recognizing touch when using built-in browser. Other browsers no issues.- Volume toggle is very smooth no differentiation between vol up and vol down. In other words without looking at the side of the phone I can't tell if I'm pushing vol up vol down or just futiley pushing the side of the phone casing.  Not an issue when using the phone in front of you, but I often listen to podcasts or music and it's annoying to take out the phone from my pocket and look at it to find the volume toggle. I just wish it had a better feel to it.- also Volume function does not rotate with the screen. I wish the Vol slider rotated when holding the phone sideways. In other words when watching Netflix I have to push the left volume button (usually volume up)  to make the volume slider move right. Previous phones I have had switched the functions based on the orientation of the screen.- Phone speakers and tones. The speakers are front facing and very good for a phone my issue is the phone is very loud. Even at the lowest volume setting the phone is way too loud. and then holding volume down strangely puts the phone in vibrate mode not silent mode. So to go silent you hold down vol down, and then push volume up to go silent. Odd. On top of that the selection of ringtones and alert noises is ridiculous.  There is a total of 1 out of the 20 or so ring tones that actually sounds like a phone and not some random cyborg playing the flute or the theme from bambi.- headphone jack - guessing here but it seems like the switch to headphones is software and not hardware. When you plug in headphones there is a delay before audio switches , and sounds still play through the phone speakers when headphones are plugged in. So when listening to a podcast I have missed calls and texts because the alert chimes play through the speakers not through the headphones so I didn't hear it.-Battery- could be better, but still very good, will last a few hours of constant use. Takes longer than desired to reach full charge.- can't turn off WiFi notifications. Phone constantly alerts you that WiFi is available, and then when you turn off WiFi, the phones alerts you that your WiFi is off and you might want to turn it on. Bizarre. seems to only be an issue with Verizon version. Not huge issue but annoying that it always takes up a spot in the staus bar.Again none of these issues would keep me from purchasing the phone again, just personal preference things I would change if possible. Must say purchase and activation through Amazon was flawless too.

I absolutely love this phone! The touchscreen on my old LG Optimus kept freezing on me so, I needed a new phone. I love he memory space and battery life compared to my old Optimus which never allowed me to download any apps without suspending my voice-mails, or texts due to &#34; low storage&#34; space. It is lightening fast and I love the larger screen! Zoe is also really cool since I have four children and it is hard to get a picture with all of their eyes open at the same time; the camera takes crystal clear shots, and the &#34;selfie&#34; feature is also really nice! I only paid a dollar for the phone with a two year contract, and it was shipped free to me in two days. I purchased the full coverage warranty, unlimited text, calls and a set amount of data usage which I will never be able to exceed all for around $63.00 a month; much better than $120 I was paying with Sprint. Thank you Amazon, and Verizon!

So the only couple things i do with my phones are text, make calls, and ofcourse use it as my music player. Have had plenty of androids, iphones u name it. Wasnt bought on the idea that BEATS audio was gunna be this damn good! especially with the headphones that come with it. Yes beats is only an equalizer but it makes w/e i listen to so immerse its insane. I plugged it my Bose in ears, skull candys, and nike headphones and nothing compares to what came right from the manufacture. Theres 3 things you got to have when getting good music on a phone, good quality music, the right headphones, and a equalizer. This phone does all that and some, Guys dont jump on the iphone bandwagon because you thinks its going to give you a better music experience. This is the phone to get hand down

I was very nervous in leaving the Samsung Galaxy line, but I have been delighted by how well the HTC one performs and how easy (using HTC transfer) I was able to port all my old info over to the phone. The one key thing to be aware of is that the battery is fixed in this one (like an iphone) so you are to some extent stuck with the power level.

switched from Tmob to Verizon cuz the price of the phone was $13 and the plan was cheaper than my Tmob.  the phone is really hard to hold on to...like its slippery.  the keyboard is junk, typos all the time, no built in emoti.  BlinkFeed is stupid, its like a Flipboard wanna be.  it's not intuitive and its too much work to customize the phone.  i also have an iphone 5, and there is no comparison.  also, supposedly verizon is supposed to have the best netowrk, but i live in brooklyn and get 1 bar in my house - even when i stand by a window.  the call quality is terrible. this phone might look good, but everything else is terrible.

What can we say... This phone really is every thing plus.... Will recommend it for anyone who is looking to upgrade

The HTC One has been out on Verizon for about a year at this point, and even though HTC has announced that it's successor will be hitting carriers soon, I chose to opt for the tried and true original for my recent upgrade.  There are several reasons that I didn't get one of the newest android phones, and having previously worked in the cellular industry for several years I no longer feel the need to have the latest thing.  Following that kind of mentality often gets you burned, and you end up with buyer's remorse when things don't go as advertised.These days, I prefer to stick with phones that have already established themselves as capable and dependable devices.  Furthermore, I've owned phones with just about every operating system available, so I feel confident about what software can offer a smartphone user in terms of an overall experience.  My wife and I both had our choice of devices to order, and she chose the Galaxy S4 which is also an excellent Android device with more features than she will ever need or use.  I chose the HTC One, because I wanted something more simple yet powerful and technically diverse enough to make my experience as smooth as possible.In many ways, the S4 and the HTC One are the best Android phones on the market right now, and their popularity reflects that.  The &#34;One&#34; is a great multi purpose phone that shines in all of the right areas.  It really doesn't overspecialize in any department though, so there are some features that may fall short for some consumers.  For example, the camera isn't as capable as the ones found on competing devices, but it's good enough for the user who wants to be able to capture shots on the go.The &#34;One&#34; gets wonderful reception and really takes advantage of the 4G LTE network with an impressively speedy processor that provides lightning fast response for web browsing or loading apps.  HTC also fitted the &#34;One&#34; with an exceptional high resolution screen that provides vibrant, colorful images in high definition.  Watching Youtube videos on this thing is as good as watching on my computer monitor at home.One of the shortfalls of this device is that the phone only comes with 32GB of internal memory without an external expansion port.  That's fine for me since I only stream music and take a few photos here and there, but if I really wanted to download movies or download all of my digital albums, the internal memory wouldn't cut it.  The sturdy aluminum body also precludes the ability to remove the battery from the phone which might be inconvenient for some should it need replacing.I really can't say much else that other people haven't said about the device in terms of features, but having used pretty much every smartphone OS, I can say that Android is my favorite hands down.  My last phone was a Windows phone, and despite the fact that the user interface was perhaps the most fluid and simplistic of the operating systems, the lack of platform support from outside developers was frustrating.Android has found its place in the market over the years, and their support base continues to grow.  That being said, the HTC One is a great phone, and with the price its a tough act to beat.  Even though there are phones out that might outclass the &#34;One&#34; it still holds its own for those who may be late adopters like me.

I am  new to the Smartphone arena, so I should have ordered the , the user manual, lucky for me, my nephew walked me thru the basics.  I love the camera on this phone!!!!!!

Great speakers, great picture quality, great phone! I love it so much!!! Switched from I phone and will never go back.

My daughter wanted this phone , she believes it is amazing and is very happy with it. Seeing it it does look very good i would say it is compatible maybe to the iphone 5.

I'm not just saying that - look it up. I had this phone for about 6 months and ended up swapping it out for a Nexus 5. After having both phone for a reasonable amount of time I'll admit that the HTC, in my opinion, has a slight edge on the N5 and that's absolutely saying something. The operating system (Sense 5.0 layered on top of Android) is just about the best I've ever used. Very well appointed and full of USEFUL features without feeling overdone. In my opinion it's slightly better than stock Android and light years better than Samsung or LG monstrosities which are both so chock full of options that you'll never use it's hard to dig down to find the  ones you will. If you're on the fence about which phone to get make sure you give this one some serious consideration, you'll be glad you did.

I had the HTC Incredible and Incredible 2 for 2.5 years and they were always reliable and a pleasure to use. Upgrading to the One was so simple and I got the best deal from Amazon. I love this phone! Great screen size, great sound, perfect size and weight. It took me a little while to get the hang of the latest Android operating system. There are so many features that I'm still learning them. It's not a chore and is actually kind of fun. My housemate had the One 2-3 months before I got mine and we both love, LOVE this phone.

I currently use a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 as my main cell phone, and recently purchased this one for my wife.  I must say I really like the look and feel of the HTC One.  It's smaller in size and can easily be held in one hand unlike the SGN2.  I also able to make the text below the icons larger on the main screen, something that wasn't possible on the SGN2.Nice Solid Feel, Nice features, love it.ABM

I had used a basic phone for many years without any problems, but my phone upgrade came up and I decided to upgrade to a smartphone. I did a lot of research and was choosing between a Samsung galaxy s4 and the HTC one m7 to save money since I didn't want to pay $200 for the newest phone. I'm so glad I went with the HTC one. As a new user to smartphones, the HTC one was easy to navigate and walked me through personalizing the phone the way I wanted it. The processor is great and quick and the screen is big and clear compared to other phones. HTC really put a lot into this phone and keep getting better with their new HTC one m8.The phone is light and I love having the speakers on the front instead of the side or back make watching or listening to music awesome and plus, I don't need to cup my hand around it to hear anything. I use a UAG phone case which protects it well and doesn't inhibit the speakers or use of the phone at all. I wish it had a sd card slot, but 32 gigs of internal memory is a lot, but with all the online storage programs available means I hardly use any phone memory.The android store and program I think is better than apple's store. I have a chromecast too which works great when I control it with my phone. I highly recommend this phone to anyone wanting to save money and get a great phone. I got my for 0.1 cent on amazon after amazon refunded me $50 after I had bought it for $50 and the price dropped the same day. Go amazon customer service and HTC for making an awesome user friendly phone!!

I've had iPhones and then Samsung droids for years last one being Samsung galaxy s3. This phone is by far the best I've had.  Verizon is also the best service in the bay area in my opinion.

Thanks Amazon; you allowed me the decency of circumventing anyone at Verizon, offered me a great phone at a wonderful price, and somehow (software glitch, whatever) allowed me to retain my unlimited data plan.The overall process and experience were wonderful and I could not be happier.The phone is solid, but I'm not crazy about the onboard battery. My old HTC (Thunderbolt) had a very dodgy battery towards the end, and I am hoping that HTC fixed this issue.

The phone is of the best quality out there, as good as a GS4 and nearly as nice as a 5s.  The front facing speakers are wonderful.  Can't go wrong if you find it for a better price than an iphone or a GS4.  I was worried I'd be disappointed but the phone is a total win.  No regrets, and I'm picky.

read all the views which I do on a lot of items,liked all the features especially the camera and video.got great reviews on the product

Very impressed by the HTC One M7. I know it isn't the newest, but this is the one that started it all.

I absolutely love this phone, it's awesome.  I'm not tech savvy enough to give you details in regards to memory or speed.  For me it works great, no complaints.

I've purposely waited to write this review so I can give a post "newness" idea of my experience with this phone.Let's get to it.I've had the phone for a little over a month now. After reading many reviews, watching you tube video reviews and unboxings, I decided on the HTC On. The phones I were debating on were the HTC, Samsung Galaxy S4, and iPhone 5S. And, ultimately I was sold on the HTC One.The good:1. Build quality. The phone is solid. Made of aluminum and glass, with zero gap construction. There is no creaking or other signs of sub-par construction.2. The display. The lcd screen produces a beautiful picture with dark darks and bright whites. The display is great.3. Sound. The much talked about Boom Sound front facing speakers are something that must be experienced. I used to use my headphones to watch You Tube videos even when I was alone and there wasn't a chance of disturbing others. Now I use the sound through the speakers.The sound is phenomenal!4. HTC Zoe. I won't get to much into this because there is a lot to do in this feature. But, I will say that the built in feature allows the user to create 30 second videos with sound and editing at the push of a button.The end product is totally shareable directly after creation.5. Speed, storage and battery. The processor being used makes the phone very speedy. There is practically no lag. Switching between screens and tasks is fluid and smooth. The phone has 32gigs of storage which is more than enough for me. I have to say that I don't use my phone as a music player so I don't fill it up with music.  Battery life has been pretty good after I got over the honeymoon stage of always using my phone. I do consider myself a power user, minus gaming, and I get through a twelve hour work day without charging.6. Size. I believe that HTC has found the "sweet spot" with the size of this phone. Coming from the Samsung Galaxy S3, which I found to be a good size if not a little wide, I think the HTC being a little taller and thinner is a better form factor.  And I feel the size of the screen is better than the more petite iPhone 5S.And now the Bad;1. The camera. I mentioned HTC Zoe as a great feature, but the camera used for this feature is kind of bad. The auto focus is spotty and the clarity of the pictures are also hit or miss. I have found that I can stand in the same spot and take the same pictures and get widely varying results. At this price point and quality of product, the camera should be much better.2. The aluminum body. Here we go again. I know I said the build quality is a plus, and it is a solid feeling phone. I prefer plastic because in my experience while plastic will often scratch when dropped,  aluminum will dent. I think scratches are easier to live with than dents.And that's it. As you can see. The plusses far out weigh the minuses. Of the two cons the camera is the one that is find to be the most egregious. The competitors at this price point are putting far superior cameras in their products. My wifes iPhone 5S produces pictures that blow the HTC out of the water.But overall the phone is probably the best smartphone available. I have had the chance to work with the iPhone 5S and the new Samsung Note 3, and i am still sold on the HTC One. And there are rumors of software updates that may help with the camera.I would give the HTC One 4 1/2 stars. Minus 1/2 for the camera.

I don't think these phones are new.  Maybe refurbished at best. I got mine and there are more than 10 dead pixels on the screen.  I wouldn't expect that from a &#34;new' phone.

It seems to be a very able product, BUT, I need a booklet, printed with clear instructions for what to me, (old person ) is complex unfathonable and alien , even the language is unfamiliar.. It's not the phone's fault. I was out there taking photographs and in fact came home with movies, very good ones, but I need better instructions (not Grandchildren) on the meaning and managing. By the way I found Zoe, or something, made my movies all sorts of colours and shades however, I was trying to stop the film from running, NEED A BOOKLET TO STUDY. Cheers. P.S. it did have a piece of fold out paper with limited instructions, but they were not adequate.

Does everything i want with the HTC user interface yet. Last Update took away a bit of features that worked b4, but otherwise great.

My experience with the HTC One is akin to dating a supermodel and then finding out that she is a truly horrible person. Out of the box, the HTC One seemed like the best feature-filled Android phone ever.  I owned an HTC before and generally found them to be superior to other phones on the market.  Being someone willing to try new things, I previously had an HTC Windows Phone 8, which was an amazing device, but I finally gave in to app envy. I just had to have access to all the apps that run only on Android or iPhone. Well, my friends, the grass is not always greener..My experience with the beautiful HTC One started out well. It was a new love, but it's features and it's beauty are only skin-deep.  After using is for several months, I have realized how frustrating this device is to use when compared to my prior Windows Phone8 and the iPhone5s.There are many problems with this stunner:Bluetooh Audio is terrible.  I have tried other devices and they work well. On this phone, I am nearly inaudible.Zoe photo system and switching between modes is quite confusing, resulting in many missed photos.Blinkfeed - if you haven't seen it, it is hard to describe how worthless of an  interface this is.  I'm sure they worked long and hard on it, but I can't imagine why anyone would actually want to use it. After a quick search, I figured out how to disable it. Probably among the most useless bloatware ever.Contacts - this phone does not pull up or access all my contacts on a search, even with all the appropriate settings boxes checked.  This seems to be basic smart phone technology and is extremely frustrating.Accidental dialing - the touch keyboard on this phone seems like a step backwards. The wrong characters show up frequently and as others have mentioned this results in many accidental calls when the wrong keys are recognized. The merge call feature works about 50% of the time.As a frequent Amazon user, the Amazon app integration is good, but hardly enough to suffer through the lousy parts of this device.Well, the battery life is good, speed is very good, and the internal speakerphone/mic work well so that is probably the reason for many of the stellar reviews; however, as far as I'm concerned you should save yourself the frustration of wanting to chuck this phone out of a moving vehicle and get something else. A true disappointment especially given the elegant packaging.  I can't wait to end this phone relationship!

this phone is great really enjoyed everything about it has a really long battery life did not experienced any problems with the battery.lightweight sleek good on umeverything that you need a phone to do it does without any problems so far I've had it since Black Friday I ordered it for Black Friday on amazon.com for  a penny and so far  no complaints really pleased with the phone.

My tech-savvy boyfriend recommended this phone to me and is now jealous. I refuse to talk to my phone so I can't say much about the voice recognition feature but I love this phone. I purchased it to replace my iphone and am incredibly happy with it. The screen is beautiful, the camera on it takes awesome pictures and the battery lasts me hours longer than any combination of smart phones I've had in the past. And I've already dropped this phone a handful of times and it hasn't shown any damage ...like my iPhone. Great purchase and I would recommend to anyone.

My first smart phones were HTC, back in the days of Windows Mobile 5, and my first Android phone has been HTC.  A few years ago, I decided to try out Motorola's Droid RAZR Maxx HD, and then the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 which is my current daily driver.  I decided to see what HTC has been up to and give the their flagship phone, the HTC One, a try.Pros:* The unibody aluminum frame gives it a nice sturdy feel that doesn't feel cheap like plastic bodies do.* The "ultrapixel" camera does give it better shots in lower lighting, but then you do trade off megapixels.  If you are just shooting for sharing on social networks, this may not be a big deal but if you plan on printing photos, I'm still not 100% convinced of their strategy of using a lower megapixel camera (albeit bigger pixels).* The HTC widget on the home screen is pretty nice.  Gives you a consolidated view of news and social network status updates.* One of the nicest pros for me is having stereo speakers in the front.  I never understood why smartphone manufacturers decided to put the speakers in the back.* A nice bonus is the IR emitter that can be used to control your TV/DVR/Receiver.  You can view channel listings on your phone and use it as a remote.* Integration with Zoodle's KidMode is nice, especially if you have a toddler that you would like to entertain.--Update 2013-09-13* I just noticed a feature that this HTC phone has, much like my previous HTC phones had, which is built-in support for SIP (used for VoIP calls).  My Samsung devices do not have this built-in and I have to use a third party app. This is useful if you would like to use a SIP provider to make and receive calls.* The Zoe camera mode is pretty neat.  Essentially what it does is it will continuously take video in Zoe mode, but when you press the button to take a picture, it will create a 4 second long video that has 1 second of video prior to when you pressed the shutter, a point in the video of when you pressed the shutter, and 3 seconds after the button was pressed.  You can then create a photo from anywhere within this timeframe.Cons:* When typing, the Home button is right underneath the period, so I've found myself exiting an app a few times while trying to type a period.* I like the buttons on Samsung devices better, which consists of "Back", "Home" and "Menu".  On the HTC One, there are only two, "Back" and "Home".  Without the "Menu" button, apps either have to provide their own menu button, or an extra row is added below the app which is the Menu button and takes away a little bit of real estate from the app.* No SD card expansion* No wireless charging, which I suppose is the tradeoff to having an aluminum body since the aluminum would interfere with the wireless charging.* Included e-mail client does not support S/MIME encryption. On Samsung devices, the built-in e-mail client does support S/MIME encryption however.  Most people may not care or use this feature, but for corporate use, this may be more important.Neutral:* The BeatsAudio enhances music but I wish it was more customizable like an equalizer.* There isn't a built-in flashlight widget/app like there is with Samsung's Assistive lighting widget* Doesn't perform quite as fast as the Galaxy S4, but still runs plenty fast enough, so not marking it as a con.* Camera app doesn't seem to be as full of features like the S4.* I don't like the curved back.  This may appeal to some people but I would actually prefer a flat back.  When I have it laying on my desk and want to use it, I end up making the whole phone wobble back and forth every time I press the screen.* The Ir blaster feature is neat, which essentially allows your device to be a universal remote control.  It downloads TV schedules as well so you can get an idea of what you'd like to watch.  Personally, I haven't found myself using this a lot but this could be handy if you're somewhere, like a waiting room, or in your company break room and would like to change the channel.Overall, I think HTC did a great job of building a nice phone.  With Verizon's lineup of Android phones, HTC faces competition with Samsung's Galaxy S4 and Motorola/Google's Droid series (like the Ultra and the Maxx).  The hardware is really nice (with the exception of buttons in my opinion) but the software is lacking in some places.  Both Samsung and Motorola do a better job of packaging useful software with their devices, whereas this one doesn't.Also, worth noting is that this phone still uses MicroSIM cards and hasn't switched to using NanoSIM cards yet like with some other new phones.  I actually like this since my other phones are using MicroSIM as well and I can switch my SIM card around from one phone to another.  Had this phone switched to NanoSIM, I wouldn't be able to do that.

This is the best smart phone I have ever owned.  The display is clear and crisp, the screen is highly responsive, and HTC's Android is very easy to use.

[Update 11/1/2013] The latest Android 4.4 KitKat is coming to the One! HTC just announced that all versions of the HTC One will get the latest Android 4.4 update within 90 days. As long as HTC keeps the promise, then this is yet another plus for this flagship phone[Update 10/7/2013] The Verizon HTC One is officially free of Verizon's evil grasp! There's finally a viable S-off exploit that gives you root access! My HTC One is now S-off and fully rooted - that's jailbroken for you Apple fans who might be thinking about switchin' :) This is a BIG PRO!___________________________________________________________________________________After close to 6 months delay (thanks Verizon, go ahead and pat yourself on your back), the HTC One is finally out on the last major US network. As a long time verizon customer - over a decade - this is the first time I've seriously considered leaving Verizon for a phone.Pro:-Unibody all-metal construction with Gorilla glass 2This is BY FAR the most solidly built Android phone, ever, period. I don't usually go all gaga over construction, but this phone is a work of art. I've been fortunate enough to have used a variety of devices (HTC - Thunderbolt/Incredible 2/Rezound, Motorola - bionic/razr/razr maxx/razr maxx hd, Samsung S3, G Nexus), and I can say without reservation this phone is the first true "iphone killer" in terms of build quality and construction. And yes, the white strip around the edge is metal and not plastic.-4.7" 1080P IPS RGB screenHTC has always used quality screens in their phones, and the HTC One doesn't disappoint. The 4.7" 1080P screen uses IPS panel technology, which is generally considered to be the best quality panel in terms of color production and viewing angle. The Samsung's Galaxy series (S3/S4) uses AMOLED screens, which produce exaggerated and inaccurate color production and more importantly, are dimmer which make the Galaxy phones harder to see outdoors. Also, Samsung uses a lower quality pixel arrangement in the Galaxy series phones called pentile, which basically cheats the eyes by not using all three RGB (red/green/blue) subpixels for every pixel. Some people don't care. But personally, I can't stand reading a AMOLED pentile screen. Do a quick google search and you'll see the difference - it's a well established topic.-Dual front-facing stereo speakers or "Boomsound"First of all, the marketing team should be shot for coining the speakers as "Boomsound". But these speakers are the real deal. And don't let Beats fool ya - Beats is really just an overpriced equalizer that boosts the bass and highs while sacrificing the mids. The bulk of the amazing audio performance with the HTC One is simple physics. Put the speakers facing the user - no muffled sound and straight path to the ears. Put two speakers and restore stereo capability. Use decent op-amp for the speakers. The result is a surprisingly good mobile music player that can honestly fill up a small room at max volume. And at max volume, there is very little clipping of the sound. And the stereo effect is very pleasant to have, AGAIN. You'd think it's the 1980's when we're rejoicing about having stereo!-nice performance and specsThis phone was originally announced this spring, and even today the phone is still very competitive in terms of performance. That's because it was the first on the market to use the new Qualcom Snapdragon 600 SOC, which is a 1.7Ghz (technically 1.73Ghz) quad core CPU with integrated 4G modem and Adeno 320 for graphics duties. Paired with 2GB of RAM and a generous 32GB of onboard storage, this phone should last me very decently for the next two years.-much better battery performanceOne of the major complaints usually heard against HTC is their battery life or lack thereof. I completely agree - the HTC Thunderbolt and Rezound were fuel guzzling SUVs when it came to battery life. HTC tackled the problem finally with the One. First, they put in a decent size battery - 2300mah @ 3.8V. I would've loved to have more, but this is a respectable size especially given the slim profile of the phone. Second, the use of the aforementioned Snapdragon 600 chip helped to significantly increase efficiency. So far, using GSam battery app, I've tracked my battery life to an average of 1 day 8 hours (phone sleep enabled which turns off data while I am sleeping, about two to 4 hours screen-on time, mostly on 4g LTE, syncing 4 gmails/2 outlook email/one activesync work email). Now, I've disabled ALL of the Verizon crapware and I keep an eye on what's running to minimize rogue programs. Having experienced the Thunderbolt, Rezound, Bionic and the G Nexus, this is amazing battery life. Can't quite compare to the Razr Maxx phones obviously, but those phones have 3300 to 3500 mah batteries!-innovative camera subsystemAgain, the HTC marketing team should be shot with the "ultrapixel" moniker. But HTC had balls by doing what they did - enlarge the sensor pixels to 2 um, so that more light can enter each pixel. Then they added a true optical image stabilization (OIS) to the camera. The new iPhone 5S acknowledged this idea by following suit, increasing its own sensor pixels from 1.2 um to 1.5 um. However, the iPhone cheaped out by only going with electronic image stabilization (EIS). The HTC One sacrifices some resolution with the larger pixel sensor - it's "only" 4MP compared to 8MP of the iPhone 5s and the 13MP and more with the other phones. In full sunny outdoor shots, the HTC One will produce softer shots than the other phones. HTC's aggressive noise reduction algorithm doesn't help, unfortunately, making the final image even softer. However, in low light situations, which is pretty much all indoor shots and of course at night, the HTC One produces good shots thanks to the larger sensor and OIS.The OIS comes in handy too when taking video, as it dampens out a lot of the high frequency movements. It's less effective against lower frequency shakes. The HTC One can take 1080p video at 30fps. It can also take slow motion video in two modes - 720p at 60 fps (2x slo motion) or 768432 at 96 fps (roughly 3x slo mo).-Sense 5 UIHTC did a good job tweaking their Sense user interface for android. It's got a very clean and modern "flat" look to it. Very minimalist feel, which I personally like a lot. The blinkfeed isn't as annoying as I thought it would be, and the fact that you can set another screen as your default home screen means you can forget about blinkfeed if you don't like it. Unfortunately you can't remove it outright. In my experience, I disabled Blinkfeed's auto-update, and it seems to have no impact on battery life.-TV remoteYep you can use the phone as a TV remote. And yeah, HTC came out with this before Samsung. Just that HTC really sucks at marketing its stuff, and Samsung is crazy good with marketing so most people don't even know about this.I've tested this function on my 40" Toshiba and a couple Sony's and Westinghouse TVs at friends. They all work perfectly. The setup takes less than a minute for each tv. I especially love the channel guide - you can search and browse for shows and then just click on the show to tune into whatever channel it is. For example, if I search for "Modern family", the phone will tell me if it's playing today (just click on the show and the phone automatically changes the channel) or when it will be on. Or you can search by genre, time, etc. It really is very cool! Definitely a cool feature for show-and-tell at parties.Con:-"Ultra pixel" resolution and overly aggresive noise reduction algorithmI wish HTC could have kept the resolution at 8 MP while increasing the sensor size, similar to what Apple did with the iPhone 5s. And as mentioned before, their noise reduction algorithm is a bit too aggressive for my taste, producing images that look a bit soft even in direct sun light.-No removable battery or expandable storageThe battery is built-in and can't be user replaced. There's also no microSD slot to add more storage space. HTC made this tolerable by putting in a decent sized battery and a base model with 32GB. If this came in only 16GB, that would be a deal breaker for me. I still would like to have removable battery, if only so that I can put in a fresh one down the road when the original battery starts to lose capacity. But I guess since nowadays we only hold onto our phones for less than two years, this is less of a concern.I bought extra spare batteries when I had my Rezound. I've only swapped out batteries ONCE. It's just easier to charge up whenever versus carrying extra batteries. But still, removable battery would be a nice feature to have if given the choice. Also, wish HTC would have put in an even larger battery - 3000 mah or more would be so much better!-large sizeThe phone is very comfortable to hold, but it is on the larger side with the 4.7" screen and dual stereo speakers. My hands are just large enough to barely use it with one hand - I basically have to "sit" the bottom of the phone on my pinky since the phone is so slippery. I can definitely see people with smaller hands feeling a little overwhelmed at first. But it's not too ridiculous, and I think you'd get used to it very quickly. Its thin profile actually makes it very pocketable. It feels smaller than my old Rezound in my pocket, which was almost twice as thick.All in all, so far I am truly impressed with the HTC One. I paid full retail - $199.99 when it first came out. I wish I had waited for the amazing $49.99 deal!!! And the blue HTC One at best buy - go check it out! If HTC can put in a high resolution "ultrapixel" camera, improve the camera OIS, put in a bigger battery (3000mah at least), AND start at 64GB for the base model going up to 128GB, then it would be the perfect phone!HTC are you listening? :)

Super fast phone.  Easy to use and the speakers are very powerful.  Setup was easy as well.  It only took a few minutes to upload all my contacts and apps from my old phone.  I was eligible for an upgrade.  Got it $100 cheaper with Amazon than I would have through Verizon.

The HTC One puts the iPhone and Galaxy S4 to shame. It's essentially the perfect phone, I have absolutely no complaints about it whatsoever. Everything about it exemplifies what I want or what seemingly anyone would want in a phone. The battery life is great, the screen and display is crystal clear, it does what you want it to do instantly, the camera is great, the Beats Audio speakers are great, etc etc. If you're looking to upgrade to the best phone out there, this should be your next One.

What a nice phone. It's powerful and fast, feels great in your hand, and the sound is amazing on both phone calls and music. I use my phones primarily for music, texting, and gaming, so this was a perfect choice. The screen is gorgeous and very responsive. And, I don't really mind Blinkfeed. To me, it's like Feedly or News360. The battery life is fine for me, which is good thing since you can't remove the back. My only quibble is that it can be tough to find the power button, but it's not really a big deal. It just took a little bit of time to get used to it.

Switched from iPhone and LOVE my HTC One. Only found a handful of apps I used to use that are not on Android (yet). Appreciate the large screen and the dual front speakers. Camera pics have been great for me though I haven't played with Zoe feature yet. Biggest thing with Android is ability to customize. Did my research and this device definitely delivers. Purchased directly with VZW in-store as they matched Amazon's price. Definitely recommend!!

Great phone, great price. Love the HTC One all around. Great crisp screen, super loud sound, wonderful camera and features. Just big enough to hold without being awkward. Beautiful design that knocks all the other competition out. I love the sleek look of the newest Sense UI.

Great phone, the latest and greatest features. Good processing speed and features. Amazing sound quality and the resolution is great. Just make sure you get a good service provider.

Let me first start out by saying that this is a very early review as I have only had my HTC One for about 3 days. First of all, this has to be one of the best looking phones ever made. I think I decided I'm not going to put a case on it as I usually do with all my smartphones...yeah, it's that good looking.I came from an iPhone 5 which I loved but the small screen was getting to me. I needed something larger and this was a definite improvement over the 4" iPhone screen. Battery life has been comparable to the iPhone and maybe even slightly better. Android has come a long way since I last used it about a year ago. Things are fast and smooth and there is almost no lag at all on the HTC One. Speakers have amazing sound quality although believe it or not, I was expecting them to be louder at points. I guess it depends on what you are doing, but all in all they are incredible and I don't know if I can go back to normal speakers.Another plus of this phone is that you get 32GB of storage right out of the box compared to the normal 16GB found on the closest competitors (Galaxy S4 and iPhone 5/5S). The screen on this phone is beyond beautiful and the best I've seen on a phone. The colors representation is for sure the best I've seen. The screen is a full 1080p display with over 460 ppi (pixels per inch). This is the biggest ppi ever on a smartphone. There is some controversy over the camera which is a 4 ultrapixel camera. On paper, it may not seem so great but I must say I took one of the best shots I've taken on a camera phone yesterday while outside in sunlight. The picture looked incredible and that is where this camera really shines...outside. There are some pretty neat features as well on the camera such as "Zoe" which allows users to take a three second clip instead of just taking a still shot. Let's say you want to take a still shot out of the "Zoe," you can do that! You can always go back and go frame by frame and take out the best shot and the shot you want. Really cool feature!If you are coming from an iPhone and want to jump onto Android, I think the HTC One is the best way to go right now. If you are on Android now and want superb build quality, amazing speakers, and one of the best displays on the market then I'd recommend the HTC One to you as well. Really anyone will at least like this phone I think.Overall: 9/10Pros:-Amazing Build Quality (Best on Android)-Amazing Speaker Quality-Solid Camera and Camera Features-Great Screen Size (4.7")-Good Battery Life...but could be betterCons:-Practically None-Non-removable Battery (Not a big deal for most)-Can Not Add More Storage (Not a big deal for most)

All the good features of the earlier HTC phone, my son had.Wow! Awesome picture quality and sound to add.

Solid, good price, great customer service from HTC.  Good size, good weight. Love the gorilla glass. Inexpensive case fit like a glove. No problems after a month.

I have had this phone for about a week already and absolutely love it! Compared to my iphone, this really is a powerhouse phone. Battery is much better than the earlier generation androids; however, I have to say, it still was not as long lasting as the iphone was. Yet, if you turn off wi-fi or bluetooth or whatever else when you don't need it, it does last a long time. The display is beautiful and very crisp-clear. It just is taking me some time to get used to such a thin and larger phone compared to the bulkier and shorter iphone. Beats audio is great too! I honestly cannot really say anything bad about this phone as of now.

I love it, everything I expected and more. Not to big, great size beautiful screen. Very fast, would highly recommend it.

Interface is fast, pretty standard Android, but the battery life is starting to deteriorate after just 4-5 months. Glad I got a Mophie but sad I will need to be relying on it so soon.

Admittedly, this is my first smart phone. I was already somewhat familiar with the capabilities after using an iPod Touch for a couple of years. But, once I upgraded to the HTC One, I was amazed at what else I was missing! I'm so glad I made the switch!

Bought this for a teenager to replace an HTC Rezound. Perfect! This is a great music phone with plenty of memory, good battery life, and it's quite sturdy. Very good choice for Android-OS 4G phone.

Not much to say that hasn't been said. My fiancee owns an S4 and my sister has an S3 and they both like the look and software experience of this phone better. I've always enjoyed stock Android and thought Sense 5 would be a nuisance, but I've come to enjoy it (especially blinkfeed).Great looks, good battery life, great sound, display, and tons of power. It's easily my favorite phone I've owned, and I would buy it again and again and again.

Yeah. Its pretty much as good as everyone is saying it is. No criticism. I LOVE this phone. I had a windows phone before this and was contantly frustrated by it. The difference is undeniable. This is a big boy phone.

This android phone is useful.  Be aware that if you have one of the older Actiontec DSL modems (I had the GT701WG) it will not authenticate with the HTC One phone.  I had to get the Actiontec C1000A to get it to link up to my home CenturyLink DSL WIFI service.  I spent over two hours on the phone with Verizon Tech rep in conference with HTC Tech rep and the HTC rep finally admitted that my old actiontec modem which will connect to an iphone will not be able to connect to the new HTC One.  So I upgraded the modem and the HTC One authenticates very well with the new WIFI.

I found out about this phone when I was on the verge of ordering between two others. Here's why I decided to choose the HTC One. I wanted storage for music, an Android interface, and a solid device with a larger screen and an easier keyboard to use. (I updated this review 2/26 as the KitKat 4.4 Android update changed for the better a key feature, allowing me to hide Blinkfeed entirely, as well as adding battery saving mode to location and making widgets slide from the left differently than before. The phone works fine after testing it nearly two months, glad to report.)Upgrading my loyal but dying Droid X after 3.5 years, I was urged by a genial Verizon representative to opt for the HTC One rather than Moto-X or Droid Ultra. It was with my contract half the price of those, so I wondered why it might be better. I researched the statistics, found out it had 32 GB memory (more like 25 after VZ bloatware, Google apps and the usual installations, but as 7 GB is similarly added to fill the smaller 16 GB of Ultra or Moto, well worth considering), and the tech site and user reviews were consistently and measurably stronger than its competitors.The aluminum component is handsome. It generates heat when the USB cord is attached to the computer or when it may charge or sync. While the guide states this is normal, be aware. I have a slim plastic case to cradle it in. The 4.7 inch screen is the right size, neither too large nor too small, and the device fits the hand well. The fonts are readable and the customization of accounts, apps, and widgets is easy to understand after playing with it for a short while.Using the phone, the touchpad and the sound quality work well. I did not notice any problems and any smartphone user should encounter no problems in getting the hang of the layout. A helpful site via the HTC page allows you to sample select tones, install wallpaper, sync e-mail accounts, pick apps and widgets, and do all but import contacts before you get the phone. A sync via FB or HTC for the old phone's contacts offer two options once this new phone is activated.I find the larger size in my hand easier for bigger fingers. Fonts are handsome and the layout is well-designed for touch and vision. The keyboard allows foreign accents far more smoothly than the Droid (Android 2.2) and the interface is friendlier and faster to type with. (4.4 adds a blue line under misspelled words, so if you use other languages you may want to save the foreign words typed in so it recognizes them.) HTC One allows more apps customization and at least you can hide the likes of VZ Navigator, Verizon Ringtones, or Madden NFL a bit deeper than before in folders. I bundle a lot of unused apps within folders, minimizing those on screen.This does mean that Google is more aggressive to "offer" you its guidance, and even when syncing photos and music via the HTC system (clunky) it pops up to peep in on your actions. The Google+ personalized interactive service wants to sign you up, and the HRC interface does sell the installed Blinkfeed as prime real estate for lots of bright feeds. This may entice or annoy. The Android Jelly Bean 4.3 upgrade (my phone came as 4.1) eased if it did not eliminate one major complaint from customers. (4.4 eliminates it, however). BlinkFeed can be shifted left from another choice for your home screen and under 4.4 it can be removed or turned off. Glad to note this feature, much lobbied for, is finally here.The Zoe camera feature to capture three consecutive shots (to make as it were a flipbook?) is novel. I am not a camera buff, but customers may like or loathe the abilities of this camera vs. others. Also, neither the video nor the gaming elements enter into my normal usage, but others may want to look into specifications, as these speakers may tempt them.Thought has been given to the way the gestures by fingers can work, and HTC adapts different combinations for various purposes. While the speakers were touted as much better than the usually awful tinniness of a phone speaker, the front-facing combination on top and bottom do not sound to me that drastically different from, say, a little laptop, but it is progress, I suppose, from squawk. Still, I expected more oomph. A nice touch is the pair of little headphones that are included, to enhance the bass-heavy (naturally) Beats Audio feature that is installed (and engraved) on the phone.Speaking of inside, its commendably hefty (against the competition) 2300 mAh battery is not removable. I've charged it from the danger zone of about 5% to full in 2.5+ hours from a wall socket. The battery life of the HTC is debatable, and 4G LTE is very demanding. I try to minimize my apps or widgets and follow suggestions to ease up both power demands and non-WiFi usage. The guide tells you not to charge it off a USB cord attached to a computer...There's no SD sound card, either; a mini SIM card is all. I wish Android phones did not mimic Apple's lockdown, as this was one reason I chose Android years ago. This trend may push users to download more data as unlimited plans appear to be fading for many carriers, or soon will be when you upgrade. Still, 25 GB of "real" capacity for memory allows much of one's files, music, or photos to be stored here, or uploaded in a cloud.Therefore, despite some small caveats, I can't say this phone does not deliver most of the goods as promised. It's up against the Galaxy with more name recognition, the Droids and Moto, not to mention the iPhone. Consider the metal build, the care in an easily understood interface, and the Android range of options as recommending this, with general approval.While not all of these details may please everyone, HTC's attention to improvements shows some welcome progress. For instance, although one more feature not in this phone despite claims some places to the contrary (for Verizon at least) is the lack of a on-off power-saver mode. Yet, this apparently is embedded by the newer Snapdragon installation into the phone's system itself. I do note that a sleep mode is the default and that it appears to replicate most of what a power-saver setting does. It appears that HTC and Verizon are following the lead of Android's more recent phones in shifting some choices away from the consumer, but arguably they are stowing away within this phone what used to be accessible. As phone consumers, we need to press our case to carriers. Google and Verizon pack a lot of clout, admittedly.I'm willing to give HTC's Taiwanese makers the benefit of the doubt, as I encourage competition and not rushing after the phone that has the highest market share as my ultimate criterion. If you look under the silver hood, you may be pleasantly surprised at the work that's gone into the HTC One.

Dont buy through verizon.  Every other carrier allows you to unlock your phone and install whatever operating system you want.  Verizon has decided that you shouldn't be able to do what you want with the device that you paid for.  They think they should have control of your device.

It's a cool phone and I enjoy all the features it offersI never had a phone with such great sound

I read all the rave reviews about this phone before buying and now that I have it, I've found a few things I don't like:1) The buttons (power, volume) cannot be felt by my finger so I must look at the phone in order to find and click one. First phone I ever had that problem with.2) The smooth curved backing got a lot of good reviews but I personally find it troublesome. If I set the phone on a table and attempt to use it, the thing rocks back and forth. It's also difficult to slide my finger across the screen without holding the phone down with my other hand. And the smoothness makes it feel like it's about to slip right out of my hand (and probably will someday).3) The notification/charge LED is so bright it looks like a laser beam in the dark and there's no way to turn it off (AFAIK).4) Lack of quality accessories. HTC makes a docking station that nobody seems to like and they don't have a windshield mount. I use both with my phones but have had to look hard for compatible items.5) The home screen does not rotate with the phone. It's stuck in portrait mode.Those are the negatives. Positives are that the phone has great performance, a vivid display, and quality sound.

In general the phone is great and I have enjoyed using it.  The phone is bigger than my old phone and I am getting used to having a larger object in my pocket.  The phone has a lot of features that I am just beginning to understand how to use.  The screen is clear and the quality of sound is good.

This is my wife's phone and it works perfectly. It has been updated pretty regularly and it's decently fast. She hasn't had any issues with it at all and the battery life is amazing. The only thing I would change is give it a better camera. I'm definitely not bought into the Ultra Pixel thing.  Overall I would recommend it. But if you're going to get one now I would opt for the new 2014 version of the HTC One.

I just purchased the M7 just following the release of the M8, and I have no reservations about buying last year's model.  Coming from two years using an up-to-date iPhone 4s, I was worried about the move to Android, but I am relatively pleased with the choice so far.  Of course, the M7 has its drawbacks, which Apple iOS brings into focus.  My old iPhone 4s serves to highlight some of the strengths and weaknesses of my new M7, but this is not meant to be a comparison between the two.  Here are my thoughts.Design+The HTC One is (even) better looking in person.  I was surprised at how thin it is.+/-Size-wise, the HTC One M7 is exactly how big I want it to be for functionality.  Unfortunately, it is a little big for jeans pockets and the M7 is just small enough that I can handle it one-handed.  My old 4s looks dainty in comparison to the HTC One, and I would not want a bigger phone.+Buttons are placed almost ideally for me and I no longer miss the physical iPhone home button.-However, the keyboard is no easier to use than Apple's, despite the large screen size.  One major annoyance is that when I type keys near the bottom of the keyboard, I often-very often-hit the back buttom "&lt;" by mistake.+The mini usb charger cable stays firmly in the HTC One.  I cannot stand the iPhone 5 charger that falls out.+The speakers are nice, but they are not deal makers by any means.  I just do not use my phone like that.+The camera is a big improvement over the iPhone 4s, and it is probably in the ballpark of the 5s.  It's no DSLR.-I miss the physical mute button on the iPhone, but truly, the HTC One volume buttons are better than iPhone's.-I miss not being able to dock the HTC One in my Bose iPhone dock (I really blame this on Apple for having proprietary connections)FunctionalityIt took me some time to become accustomed to Android.  It is less intuitive than iOS, but Android feels far more capable and customizable, if not quite so smooth as iOS.-I suffer through way more hiccups, stalling and crashing with Android than I ever experienced with iOS.  Could be me.  Could be the phone.+The HTC One came loaded with the latest Android OS (4.4); some people are concerned about update support from HTC.+/-There is an entire Android environment out there.  It is not as cohesive as Apple's environment, but it is clearly more flexible.  For example, I have easy access to integrated Amazon content that I did not have with Apple.  I had immediate access to my entire Kindle library just by entering my Amazon logon/password.  Google Play is just as easy to use as the Apple Store, and I do not miss iTunes at all.+Android has many of the same security features as iOS, even if it does not control Apps in the same way.  For example, I easily encrypted my phone during set up; Android now has a "find my phone" feature that allows you to disable the phone (and it is ON by default).  On one hand, I do not like are the constant "requests" from Apps to log in or approve permissions.  On the other hand, Android is far more transparent about what kind of permissions your Apps require.+/-The user interface, such as scrolling, swiping, and typing, is not bad, but it does not have the refined feel of an Apple.  However, in my experience, the Android auto-correct and fill-in features are much better than on iOS.-I have not tried to migrate my iTunes music to my phone yet, but I do not look forward to it.-My vehicles and stereo equipment are compatible with iPhones, but have no built-in support for Android.  When I connect my HTC One to my 2013 vehicle radio using the AUX jack, I get hissing and fuzz, and cannot browse the player or advance or pause songs using the radio controls.  Moreover, I lose all of the radio-based menu control I had with the iPhone.  This is a potential safety issue for the careless driver and perhaps my greatest disappointment in switching to Android.+Blinkfeed, which is part of the proprietary HTC user interface that streams semi-customizable news and social updates to your phone, can now be turned off or moved to a different screen.  Yes, you can now turn that off.-Bloatware.  This is something Apple users do not have to put up with.  There is way too much preloaded software on this phone that you cannot remove.  A lot of it is vulnerable social media kinds of software like Facebook and Google+.  I like my privacy and would prefer to be able to remove most of this bloatware.  Also, the phone comes preloaded with redundant software.  For example, I have multiple programs for saving and viewing photos right out of the box.  Most people just want one good one.-Following the last comment, the HTC One/Android is very pushy about trying to get users to download more bloatware and interconnect all of their media and electronic life.  For example, I rarely, rarely, use Facebook.  But once I opened it, the HTC One would not stop harassing me about giving Blinkfeed access to Facebook (it wanted to stream Facebook updates to the Blinkfeed "wallpaper").  Likewise, the HTC One wanted me to update several bloatware apps I never use.  When I closed the update notices, they simply reappeared each and every following day.  Apple iOS would not have done that to me.-/+Battery life.  This phone uses about half its battery in a day's use.  I am not a heavy user though.  My old phone, which only ran 3G, and not 4GLTE, used about 15% of its battery per day when it was new!  It's not horrible; I don't need to recharge my phone halfway through the day, but it could be better.

Awesome phone. Feels great to the touch, easy activation, and runs really quick. I recommend this phone over the iPhone 5s or galaxy s4

When I first got this phone I was so impressed with the speed and fluidity.  I had upgraded from the RAZR HD because I was so frustrated with its lag and performance issues.  You can't put that much bloatware on a phone and only give it 1 GB of ram...unless it's intentional of course (the droid ultra is the same as the RAZR HD but w/ the 2GB or ram - less the desired micoSD card slot).  Compared to the RAZR HD, this phone practically knows what I'm going to do before I touch it (in other words, it's REALLY fast).The mistake?  When I first got the phone I could not explain why the battery was draining at a rate of 10-15% per hour in standby mode.  That means that when not using the phone I was barely getting 6-8 hours per charge.  And given the fact that I had a new toy and was using it extensively, it was draining the entire battery in no more than 5 hours.  While I am in the car or office most of the time that was so unacceptable that I started to think my dream phone wasn't practical enough to actually use day-to-day.I tried everything to improve the battery life.  I researched the heck out of it on the net.  I installed battery monitoring programs and tried to kill applications I wasn't actively using.  Finding no solution, I finally called Verizon and asked to exchange the phone for a Droid MAXX.Luckily, before I activated the MAXX, I saw a guy on the street using a ONE and asked him about his battery life.  When I told him about the poor performance I was seeing he told me something must be wrong with the phone because his was phenomenal (way better than his wife's iPhone 5 he said).  Encouraged, I started uninstalling apps one by one (targeting what were probably the most resource intensive first).  Long story short, I eventually isolated the problem as BTSync (an awesome bit torrent file sharing/backup app - a must have IMHO but it's still in beta-ish so it must have been running in the background non-stop).NOW - the battery life is excellent.  I still have two different battery utilities monitoring performance, but I get a full day of moderate/heavy use out of the phone and don't need to charge at all during the day (I charge every night at bed though).  For example - I had the phone on battery for 17 hours now and it still has 30% charge.  I've probably made 2 hours of calls, surfed the web for an hour or two, sent dozens of texts and emails and used google maps for traffic updates during my commute to and from work.  I've also watched over 20 minutes worth of video throughout the day.  Needless to say I gladly sent the MAXX back before ever activating it.PROS:* SPEED & Fluidity (ZERO lag on this thing)* Screen (although I can't tell the difference between a 720P or 1080P screen this size)* Speakers (TIP: if you turn the beats audio off you save battery and the speakers are louder)* Call quality: much clearer than my RAZR HD (I don't say "what?" as much anymore)* UI: some people don't like the HTC sense but I find it much nicer than Motorola's* Looks: let's be honest, it matters now.  And this phone is much cooler looking than the Motorolas and the Samsungs.  I think it rivals the iPhone.* TV remote: it's a bit gimmicky, but honestly after using it for a while...it's actually kind of cool* Oh, and it's FASTCONS:* Sense Feed (or whatever the heck they call it) is unnecessary and you should be allowed to disable it* Camera: while some of the features are cool - and the multi-shot is unbelievably fast and cool - the ultrapixel produces noticeably grainy pictures on larger screens.  If you use your phone for facebook/instragram photos only it's probably one of the best phone cameras out there.  If you ever intend to actually crop, edit or print your photos then it may not compare to cameras with more megapixels.* No microSD slot - no matter what they say Verizon must have been responsible for them dropping a feature that's available on other versions of the phone (to make you use more cloud storage and therefore more bandwidth - but I suggest backing up photos using BTSync over wifi).

This phone is the best one I could have purchased. The price was Unbeatable by all of the big stores

This phone is absolutely amazing, and I couldn't be happier with this product! I got a great deal on Amazon too! It's a very fast phone, works amazing, has great audio and an awesome camera! This is the best phone yet!

Awesome phone! The forward facing speakers sound excellent, and the battery life is very good. I also love the aluminum construction, since it gives the phone an expensive feel. I couldn't decide between this phone and the Galaxy S4, but I'm glad that I made the right decision!

awesome phone. fast. speedy, and holds a lot of data. 32GB holds my most important musics, videos, and apps. i do miss my menu button, but that can be fixed by software buttons. the Sense 5.5 UI is a bit lame, but it's not a problem at all.

Hands down, the best phone I've had to date. This is one impressive phone. Amazon had a great price on this phone. If you're looking for a phone, you have to look seriously at the HTC One.

Very happy with all the features and it's elegant look! Battery life is somewhat of an issue but not bad.

I love this phone and the specs have been discussed to death.  So a quick pro/con list:Pros- Camera.  Great lens, Zoe and HTC Share features are awesome.  Instant slideshow!- IR blaster - really neat you can control any TV or other AV appliance.  Not a core feature, but I use it a lot- Glare resistant, beautiful screen.  Really incredible- Overall, I love this phone.  Peopl always ask me what it is and usually follow that with &#34;I want one&#34;Cons- There;s no way to repair anything on this phone.  You break anything, you're screwed- Horrible mic placement (bottom of phone).  I regularly stuff my phone in my pocket and will ocassionally answer a call with the other person claiming to only hear static.  I blow into the mic hole quickly and goes away.  Google HTC One mic problems - I'm not alone!- The Blinkfeed is a little rigid.  You can set another homescreen, but that's always the first thing that comes up.  I get it, you're still in control I guess.- (Verizon) - locks the phone down a bit

This phone is soooo much better than the Samsung Galaxy Nexus I had before. I just wonder why not more people are using it. I guess marketing power matters more than actually making a good phone.

This phone is supposed to be so fast, it will not connect to the internet half of the time using wifi or data, it will process until it times out.  I thought I had 30 days (my fault, had I known I would have done this before, it's been crap since the first week) to return this junk but I only had 14 and I have had it for 27 days and I can't exchange it for a different phone without paying full price until they receive this phone and then will refund the difference.  I am so upset with HTC and Amazon.  I got the new phone because my old one was so terrible with the hopes of not having these worries but it is crap.  I have a bill pay app that backs up daily and I back it up manually once a week and this app and all of its information is gone and when I went to back it up, there was no backup information.  I have had this app for the last two years and never had this problem before. Once I figured out and was trying to put all of the info in and I was late on a bill and charged a late fee.  I hate it!  These two petty major (to me) problems and I am so unhappy.  Rundown, phone is slow, will not connect to the internet properly or consistently and it doesn't store information from apps even with a backup and there is no sd card to make sure it is backed up.

Feels great in your hands, I would say on par with an I-phone and much better than a plastic Samsung.  It is very fast and the screen is bright with good colors.The aluminum casing does scratch and dent easily so if you are clumsy then I would highly recommend a case of some sort if you want to keep it looking good.Camera and battery life is on par with other phones.

I have never had such terrible service with a company.  I had an issue with my bill that was an error on Verizon's part.  In order to get it cleared up, it has taken 5 months.  I had 4 managers tell me they would call me and never called me back.  Go with a different company!!

I chose 5 stars because it is the best phone I have had to date. The kicker is that I only paid $50 for it with my upgrade. The HTC Zoe is my favorite aspect of the phone. I made a boring video of me driving home from work and Zoe turned it into an awesome Montage with music and effects automatically. I didn't have to do a stitch of editing. The feel of the phone is impecible. I love how it feels.

I am still waiting to buy this phone and its killing me because I really want this in the worst way! My problem is I want it in black. I can not believe verizon hasn't offered a black one yet, let alone from launch!! Every phone I have ever owned has always been black. Black to me is a staple color across the board! Verizon has really screwed this launch up for htc being 4 or 5 months later then the other 3 major carriers. Then to only offer one stinking color!! If anyone reads this and knows of anything, anything at all in regards to a BLACK HTC ONE coming to verizon please please comment on it here in a review or something? Thanks

I am so happy with this phone, the screen is beautiful, it takes great pictures, and it is fast! I and an iPhone 4s and found this phone to be superior in every way.

Easy to use and a lot of fun, actually, and I'm new to smartphones, but so far very very great!

I've had this phone for a month now and I've got to say it's the best phone I've carried. Fast and responsive with none of the lagging I've had on my older Android phones. The display is crisp and clear. I was a bit concerned about the lack of an SD card slot but so far I've had no problem with space. I cannot sync all my music to it but I can carry plenty and still have lots of room left.The battery life is SO much better than my previous smart phones. With my normal usage I can easily go two days between charges even if I use it to track a run on one of the days, something that would really eat into my battery on my older phones. I listen to Audible audio books when I'm driving and I don't even bother to plug this phone in while I'm doing it unlike my older phones. (My normal usage does includes several hours of the phone being in airplane mode and locked in a box outside the place I work and that probably isn't a normal work day for most phones.)I'm still getting used to the camera. It has some different features than I'm used to and I'm still playing with those but so far the pictures are great. I think my old HTC Rezound did a bit better job but that may have been my two years of using it.About the only thing average about the phone is call quality but with smart phones that's almost a secondary feature anymore.

Great phone! HTC does it right. Meets all my expectations and more. You can't go wrong with this great phone.

Purchase for my son and he loves it!!  Enough said.

Two words: in love. Better than any phone out. I acquired it because of the tech specs. But the phone itself is a bonus.

While HTC One construction is fabulous... and the technology inside is first rate... the stars of the show are those front facing speakers. So simple a concept!HTC... this is a great phone.

I bought this for my husband for a birthday gift. He really really likes it. I am very happy with the purchase!

I have been waiting for some news on the Verizon version of the HTC One and thankfully it came out just as my upgrade date rolled around. I have owned 8 other smartphones over the past several years and the HTC One is the best that I've used. It is ultra-fast with a very slick interface.I chose the HTC One over the other offerings out there due the quality of the construction and the hardware. I have never liked the Galaxy series, as they feel cheap with their overuse of generic plastic. I have not had good experiences with Motorola hardware. I really liked the HTC Rezound that I had years ago and it's clear that HTC has put a lot of thought and research into the development of the HTC One. It is constructed on par with the iPhone. Clean lines, aluminum frame, it looks great and fits well in the hand.The hardware is blazing fast and I like the Sense software enhancements. I even find Blinkfeed a great collection of news and my social media updates. It would never replace Flipboard for my news reading, but for a quick scroll through everything that's going on, it's very helpful. HTC has gone with clean menus, great fonts that look great on the 1080p screen.I have had zero complaints with the phone. I'm a power user when it comes to smartphones and I have been overwhelmingly impressed by the HTC One. The one thing that continues to astound me is that phone makers don't wake the phone up when you receive a text. Thankfully there's an app, SMSAwake that solves that problem. The camera takes good pictures; I have not seen pictures from any phone (except maybe the new Nokia line) that are better than a decent point and shoot camera, but the HTC One camera will capture the moment just fine and the Zoe camera function is pretty cool.I recommend the HTC One without hesitation. The design is flawless, the hardware is cutting-edge and the software brings it together in a great package.
