
For anyone contemplating the HTC One M8, or the Galaxy 5, or the upcoming LG G3, if the only reason you are considering those phones is the beefier processors or greater screen resolution, there is really no need for all that.  If you go into Verizon Wireless, and play with this phone and those phones at the same time, I guarantee you will not notice a difference in performance.  Keep in mind higher resolution screens require more processing power, and eat up more battery.  I have 20/20 vision, and I cannot tell the difference between 720p and 1080p on a 5 inch screen.  Even if I could, I would be straining way beyond where I would normally view a phone screen.  Netflix, YouTube, etc look very crisp and clear.  I just love the Droid line, and the near stock Android that comes with it.  I have zero buyers remorse over not getting a fancier phone, and I hope to keep this Droid for many years.

I got this phone right around Christmas. I've had it a little over a month. At first, I loved it. The battery life was unparalleled. We're talking a 20 hour travel day that included constant connection to wifi, picture taking, listening to Pandora, using Facebook, internet, and all other apps and by the end of the day, I still had 32% battery life.But recently, stuff has started going wrong. The other day, the sound randomly came back on (it had been on vibrate), and I couldn't get it to switch back to vibrate. No matter how low I turned down the phone, it still showed that there was sound. Then it kept crashing. It has crashed 3 times in the last week for seemingly no reason. And now the screen is not auto-rotating to the horizontal position when I turn my phone. When I googled this issue, I found forums full of people having the same problem, and there's a lot of &#34;reasons&#34; for it (none of which were what could have caused my phone to start having this problem), and even more &#34;solutions&#34; that don't seem to be working. I guess I could try a factory reset, but it annoys me that this phone is barely over a month old and it's already having so many issues that I'm going to have to perform a factory reset. If that doesn't work, I guess I'll have to pay a visit to my local Verizon store.If the phone actually functioned like it was supposed to, it would be great. But with all these bugs popping up, I'm starting to be wary of the upcoming two years.

Proximity sensor completely broken and defective. Camera options poor compared to first Droid Maxx Razr. No live brightness adjustments. Camera's pictures look horrible on display because the camera takes higher resolution pictures than the 720p outdated stretched display will allow. Sound quality is loud and excellent. We needed this for my husbands business badly. We are very disappointed because no other phone comes close in battery life. Amazon also gave me poor service in undoing my upgrade told me password was wrong and to call Verizon to update password and it was what I said it was resulting in wasted time and phone calls....I have a 5 week old newborn so this is very annoying.

After 3 years using a Motorola Droid X, my wife upgraded to the Maxx.  I did most of the &#34;leg work&#34; reading reviews, etc.  I suggested this phone over the Samsung S4 because many of the reviews stated that although the Samsung is an excellent smartphone, it's over-the-top with respect to features (bells and whistles), and my wife was more interested in ease of use, and simplicity than a plethora of features.  The Maxx is solid, she loves its size, responsiveness and battery life.  The screen is brilliant and her overall experience is very positive.  One feature that's important to us (although we haven't used it yet) is that it's globally-enabled.  Next time we go overseas we will test whether GSM works as advertised.  The Motorola Droid X wasn't, and we quickly tired of finding a free internet cafe and using skype

Buyer beware!If you plan on using this device as an actual phone and means to text, there are things you should know:1) NO LED NOTIFICATIONOn my RAZR I could tell if I had a call or text from across the room, whether the phone was locked or not. With the MAXX,in lock mode,I have to wake up the phone. The screen will tell me if I have a text but not if I have a phone call. The procedure is now pick up the phone to wake it, unlock the screen, check for a phone call. Seriously...how is this helpful?2)THE KEYBOARDWhere there was once an enter button, there is now a smiley face....and an incredibly ugly smiley face at that. Over an hour w tech support to try and install a different keyboard was fruitless. The procedure for this now is type, decide to go to a new line or paragraph, hit the up arrow key from the alphabet screen, and then use the enter/arrow key.3)DISABLING THE RINGERThe RAZR allowed the phone to be muted with a quick split second finger swipe. Good for movies, school, weddings, funerals, sleeping babies. Ringer could just as easily be turned on, even in lock mode. The new procedure: pick up your phone to wake it, swipe the lock icon to get to your password screen, enter your pin, press the rocker/volume switch until volume hits vibrate. This is a feature I need to use daily. This is really stupid. there is no other word for it that is printable.4)TEXTINGText background AND textboxes are now a blinding white. The date and time stamp are grey, hard to read. The time stamp disappears after a day. Old RAZR , as all other phones, had a different color for the text boxes of sender and receiver. After sending a text and using the phone for other things, when I return to text mode it opens up in the last text I sent, rather than  the messaging list.If you only ever text one person this might be awesome for you but the new procedure now is hit the text icon and then hit the back button to get out of the last text and onto the list of your texting contacts. The box in which you are texting is now very small and you cannot see your entire message before you send it if it is more than three lines long. Thereis no longer a DONE button option to allow you to see your entire text before hitting send. Autocorrect may have done something lewd to your message but you will not know this unless you scroll through what you just typed by swiping up and down, which can cause other issues.There is also no way to select a list of texts to delete.You may delete an entire conversation or you may delete one text at a time only.5) Extended battery life is awesome, but there are too many extra user unfriendly keystrokes involved in the daily, mundane uses of this phone.I am reluctantly going back to my RAZR.

At the price of $99, this was phone was an absolute steal.  At the Verizon store, $299, online at Verizon, $199, Amazon.com, $99!  The phone came within one day of ordering and was a breeze to activate.  All I had to do was call Verizon and let them know to switch my plan back to what is before the upgrade to override any changes the Amazon purchase had made.  Battery life is great, phone works great!  I will never buy a phone from Verizon again, Amazon is the way to go!

I absolutely love the phone already. Only thing I don't care for is that my wallpaper picture after a while ends up zoomed in on and the only way to fix it is to go back and find the picture again and set it as the background, only for it to happen again in a short period of time. Other than that the phone is in excellent condition and it arrived on time.

Nice phone all around. Doesn't have the commercial appeal of the Samsung S4 or Note 3 but is less buggy and had less bloatware. The battery life is the best I have ever used. Camera isn't as good as the S4 but the battery is still charged when I go to take a picture. Had the S4 for 90 days but I had to charge it all the time. This is the right phone for someone who wants a good phone with nice hardware but doesn't care if the phone is recognizable or a status symbol.

Best phone I've ever owned. Steve who? Android is where it's at and the new Google/Motorola hardware is amazing. There are so many cool thing to mention about this phone, wh6 ruin it in a review. Buy it. You will not be disappointed!

Longest battery, and great features.Love it.Best phone ever. Love the way it turns on when it hears your voice.

I received the phone and activated it on Feb. 6th. On Feb. 25 the phone's incoming and outgoing calls quit working, but strangely enough the data connection was still working. I called Verizon tech support and after trying all options, including a full factory reset on the phone, the phone still claimed no signal and would not make or receive calls. Finally they suggested it may be a bad sim card and suggested I take it to a local Verizon store and let them put a new card in. So, I did. After waiting for an hour and a half to see a rep and them trying a new sim card, it was determined that the phone was defective. At that point I was OK until I was told they can't swap it out for another new one because it was past the 14-day guarantee. That I would have to wait to have a REFURBISHED one mailed to me under the one year warranty. And this is the point in which I Vowed to never order another computing device from amazon again. And this is after I ordered an ASUS android tablet months ago and the speakers didn't work when i got it. That one, because I didn't want to hassle with the return process, I was able to get over because I could still use headphones and everything else on the tablet worked great. This one I can't get over. It is a Vital Function of the device. like I said I Vow to never order another computing device from amazon again!

About Me:I am a  school teacher and an Android enthusiast who follows several different Android blogs regularly.  I like staying up to date on the latest and greatest tech gadgets and am known to drop into Best Buy just to check them out for a few minutes.  My phone is my mp3 player, calendar, computer, gps, task-list, flashdrive. etc.... It is the single most important tool that I own.  Please note, that I refer to my phone as a tool (ie: I use it get things done), it is not a necessity in my life.  On to the phone:Display - I know many people complained about the screen only 720p when the specs first came out; however, when I put this next a 1080 phone display, I cannot see a difference.  Personally, I am glad they went with 720p as a means of making the battery last longer.  I will add that at first I used a screen protector, which was a bad idea.  The screen protector greatly interfered with the touch sensitivity of the display.Case/durability - As with most motorolas, this thing is a tank!!!  I'm pretty hard on my phones as I use them for many different purposes: listening to music, gps, task list, computer/flash drive, camera, reading news, e-mail, youtube, netflix, etc. etc.  I have owned this thing for a little over a month and have dropped it twice (good drops off the table) and it has no scratches on it at all!  The kevlar back feels great in my hand while providing a nice sturdy outershell to the phone.  THe gorilla glass on the screen is always one of the reasons that I keep coming back to android phones.  I've never shattered the screen on an android phone and, to be honest, I'm not sure how others accomplish such a feat.  You probably don't even need an outer case for this phone, but if you plan to re-sell it later, then it's still a good investment just to be safe.General Speed/performance - Okay, I have seen phones that run a bit faster than the new line of DROIDS, but the Doid Maxx is still really fast!  It is by far the fastest phone I have owned.  My previous phone was an HTC Rezound and the Maxx blows it away.  Transitions between apps are smooth and without lag.  Netflix and YouTube have great seemless playback (wi-fi and 4g).  No problems while multi-tasking with multiple apps either.  Phones like the LG G2 may be a bit faster, but the difference is so minimal that I would not count it against the Maxx.  Notice, that I still gave the phone 5 stars.Audio - Outstanding speakers! For a cellphone this is about as good as it gets.  Most of the time, cellphone speakers sound tinny and thin to me, but these actually have some depth to the sound.  You can get pretty good volume out of them, too!Buttons - I've read some reviews where people complain about the power and volume buttons feeling cheap and plasticy, but this does not bother me.  I kind of wish they had integrated the navigation buttons (home, back, menu) into the screen like they did on the MotoX, but this is such a minor detail that I almost don't care either way.Voice Control / Contextual Awareness - Okay, I have to admit, this is the whole reason I got the phone.  I absolutely love it!  99.9% of the time it works as it should.  The best part is that phone will announce incoming calls/texts while you are driving and simply by talking to your phone it will either answer (defaults to speaker phone), or read the text message aloud.  I can literally respond to text messages without ever touching the screen.  Sometimes, there is a slight lag when the phone is asleep and I wake it with the &#34;Ok Google Now&#34; command.  I'm assuming this has to do with the core structure of the phone where one core remains active, listening for the voice command, while the rest of the phone sleeps.Camera - If you follow the blogs, as I do, you know that camera on these phones got some bad press initially.  I've never had a problem.  I like how easy the camera is to use and it has always taken decent pictures for me.  It's especially nice when I hand the phone to someone to take a picture and all I have to say is &#34;tap the screen.&#34;  No long winded instructions that you need for other camera apps on other phones.  My satisfaction probably comes from understanding that this is still a phone at its core and, if I truly want great photos, I should switch to a point and shoot or DSLR for most photo ops.All in all, this is a superb phone!  I've really been impressed by this round of phones from Motorola and Google.  I hope they keep heading in this direction, making improvements, and lowering costs!

Had these phones for a little while now and they are impressive with most of their features and abilities. However the auto voice operation needs some work it's constantly picking up other sources and trying to do things. Also the extended battery isn't as impressive as you might think. I'm a fairly heavy user and I have yet to go longer than from the time I get up to the time I lay down battery life which I've read about in several other reviews. Other than that is a fantastic device with excellent performance and shoe and is sexy to with is carbon fiber woven body and hefty gorilla glass.

While I would have liked a replaceable battery or microSD card, I absolutely love this phone.The battery life and build quality completely blow away the Galaxy S4. I can heavily use the phone all day and have well over half of my battery life left at the end of the work day. My old phone (a Droid Bionic) was often down into the teens or single digits with similar usage. My friend's S4 isn't a lot better with heavy usage. On lighter days, I'm usually looking at 75% or more battery life at the end of the day.A number of people that I know went with the S4 because of the quad-core processor, the screen, or the camera. But, to be honest, the dual core in the Maxx appears to actually be more fluid. Maybe that has to do with the closer-to-stock Android.The near-stock Android appearance is also a huge plus in my book. While this is personal preference, I just don't like Touchwiz nearly as much as the stock appearance.Some will complain about the 720p display, but it is a great-looking display. And unless you're watching the screen at a couple of inches distance, you'll be hard-pressed to notice the difference on a 5" display. The AMOLED screen is bright with great color saturation and is pretty good for viewing even under outdoor lighting conditions with auto brightness enabled.Personally, I use the phone a reasonable amount for a quick camera. And I love the fast access to the camera. Is it the best cell phone camera? For still photos, I think that I have to give the nod to the iPhone. But it is certainly a solid entry. The fast access and simple and accessible app is great, though. And I find the camera more than acceptable.When it comes to voice quality, it is really hard to beat Motorola, too.I'm a technophile, so going for anything less than top specs was an interesting choice for me. But it came down to the feel of the phone in my hand, the battery life and the stutter free interface of near-stock Android. Sure, I could have gotten an S4 and a spare battery, but I am extremely happy with my choice of the Droid MAXX.Simply not having to worry about battery life in a smart phone is a real treat. Except for the couple of friends that went with the Droid Razr Maxx a year ago, none of my other friends can really say that they don't worry about that really heavy phone day leaving them with a dead phone or the need to find a handy outlet to charge up before the end of the day.

I'm not one to leave lengthy reviews about an item, but could not pass on the opportunity to comment about my new Droid Maxx.  To begin with, I absolutely love this smart phone.  It truly feels like a smart phone with all of the Google technology built into it.  It is fast, easy to set up, and the battery life is absolutely terrific. I traded a Droid Bionic for the Maxx and the battery life only lasted half a day sometimes. This Maxx surely delivers on the promise of battery life and the advantage of &#34;Droid Does&#34; and I do enjoy it.

Great phone. Very intuitive and easy to use. The screen is crisp and clear. The operating system is second to none.

I read all of the reviews and then visited a Verizon store. The Droid was just better, IMO.I like the large, clear screen and ease of use. The battery is amazing.I would (and have) recomended this phone to friends.

ThisPhone does every thing better.The battery is the best I have ever experienced in a smart phone. I highly recommend.

I've been rocking a MAXX since the release day and it is really the best phone out there, if your taste is similar to mine. I came from Galaxy Nexus, then Galaxy S3, then HTC DNA, then HTC One.What I look in a mobile phone is:1. Great battery life2. Good screen3. Uncluttered software1. Battery life on the MAXX is hands down unparalleled - no other phone has anything close. Objectively or subjectively - any way you look at it. Period.2. 720p AMOLED is perfect! I came from 1080 IPS (HTC DNA) and MAXXs screen is just more comfortable to look at. Love the colors of AMOLED. I live in FL where it's always sunny and I have absolutely no issues with viewing the phone under direct sun light. 5" screen is perfect for me - big enough for browsing and reading and comfortable for my hands. I understand that for smaller hands 5" might be a bit too big to hold and operate.3. I freaking cant stand laggy TouchWiz or convoluted Sense - pure Andorid is just fine, why cover it? The smoothness of the MAXX is just so fluid - never a lag. Motorola, finally, dropped the dreaded MotoBlur and MAXX comes as close to pure Nexus experience as possible. Motorola added a few features but they are really that - features - not gimmicky TouchWiz array of things that most people never use.Few more things. This phone has no LED notification but instead Motorola implemented Active Notifications which display notification on the screen - I find that feature much more useful and convenient than simple LED. Always listening Google Now is more convenient that I initially thought and I find myself using it a few times a day. The camera was updated and now takes really good pictures.Plus, 32 GB storage. Yeah, baby.The only slight drawback for me is that software updates will, as always, screwed up by Verizon, but I'm not sure I want any updates - it is perfect, at least for me.

All I expected and more. Obviously, there is a learning curve but the time and the education are well worh it once proficient.

I can do anything I want with my phone without having to worry about charging it during the day. Also, it has a nice quality construction and feel. The only feature I miss from my old HTC phone is its flashlight.

This phone is one of my favorites so far. I love how long the battery last and the quickness of it. The speech to text is absolutely off the charts. I think I will stay with Motorola.

Had this about a week now.  I upgraded from a droid razr ( 2 years old)  Not sure why everyone is complaining its slippery, the old razr was MUCh harder to hang on too.  Its a bit heavier, but thats what you get when you go with better battery.  And it IS a better battery, like 3 times the life of the old phone.  It does do some things differently.  There is no longer a settings option at bottom of the phone, its now an app on the screen.  calculator / calender, and other things are now organized in a 'tools' app.  You cannot fit as many apps on the screen, cause the time/temp thingy is in the way.  It IS faster than the old phone, better processor.  And the text is now black on white, instead of white on black, which I find easier to read.  One major issue I had is not a phone issue, I think, so much as a cloud issue.  We moved everything off the old razr onto the verizon cloud.  Worked fine.  BUT!!! You can't move everything back onto the new phone!  It will not mass move music/pictures.  It did do my contacts, and text history, but if you want your pictures on the actual phone, you have to move them one at a time.  Now you can pull everything up  easily on the cloud, BUT REMEMBER that uses data!  Wheras having it on your phone, doeesn't.  Again, this doesn't appear to be a phone issue, its the way the 'cloud' is setup.  And of course, if you dumped your phone to your PC before you switched, you can download it fairly easily off there.  I WOULD RECOMMEND that, so that YOU have a copy of everything you want, safely on your personal computer.  That way it can't get 'lost'.  But i'm happy with the phone itself, the performance has been great, it even still fits in the old leather case I had for my razr.

This phone rocks. Battery life is insane. I use it all day with calls, emails, internet, YouTube videos and the battery has never gone below 50%. Battery is so good I can leave WiFi on all the time and save $ on my data plan. By far the most powerful phone I have ever owned. If battery life is important this is the phone for you.

Great phone. The voice to text works great and I can usually get three days without charging it even when I have the voice activation, touch less control, and active notifications on. If I use it a lot in one day, watching football on my phone for a few hours, I can get the battery down below 50% but it is often at 65-75% after a full day of use.The screen looks great, the phone is thin and light and lightning fast. I liked it so much, I convinced my wife to trade in her iPhone for the droid mini.

This review is for the Droid Maxx, the phone introduced AFTER Google purchased Motorola, it does not have Motorola or Razr in the name.  I upgraded from the Razr M, a device I really, really liked.  The M is small with a good sized screen, and extremely tough.  I had no case or screen cover on it and dropped in countless times and it still worked flawlessly.  I upgraded to the Maxx because I was due, and I have kind of wanted a phone with a bigger screen ever since trying a Galaxy S3 a year ago (which I returned after a few days because I absolutely hated it).  So enter the Droid Maxx.  I know my way around phones, but am not an IT guy, so I'll bullet why I love the Maxx from the perspective of a 'regular guy' user:-Screen feels huge, but the phone doesn't.  Why?  I have no idea.  I lined it up with a Galaxy S4 and it's the same size, but it feels smaller to me for some reason.-The operating system is pretty close to native Droid.  It doesn't have a bunch of added stuff like Samsung and HTC put on their phones.  What it means is the thing works flawlessly.  One of the things I hated about the G3 was random applications would open for no apparent reason, and all the stupid tips and tricks loaded by Samsung felt like those old HP desktop computers when you first booted them up.-Simple to get up and running.  Two exchange mailboxes and one gmail was an absolute piece of cake to get going.-Battery life is nuts, but by now everyone knows this-Device feels really tough, like my old M.  I can put it in my back pocket and sit on it with no worries.  The S3 always felt about to break.-Feels good in the hand, heavy but not too heavy.  Yes it costs more, but I have no idea why someone would buy an Ultra for a tiny weight savings considering the battery life on this one.-Google now.  You program your own voice, then say "OK Google" and the phone will wake up and you can get directions, set appointment, call or text without picking it up.  Very useful when driving-Call quality is excellent (Verizon)-Quirks:  Has none.  Not yet anyway.  Doesn't randomly get hot like the Galaxy did, doesn't freeze up (like the Galaxy did on the 2nd day), etc. etc.-I'm a gmail/Google guy, so if you have a gmail account, this thing synchronizes everything very well.  Probably not unlike an iPhone with iTunes.  It offers a lost phone/wipe service for free, which I really like.  I had a third party one on my M, but it's nice having all this stuff linked to gmail.  If I lose my phone, I don't have to remember what I did with the third party website, how to log in, etc.The two things about this smart phone that I suppose you could consider as negative are that it's not very exciting looking like the HTC One or S4.  Looks like a garden variety, generic Droid.  But I don't care.  If you do, get a prettier phone.  The second is the lack of an SD slot.  This is a  non factor to me though, as the device has 32G of memory.  By the time I come close to needing that much space it will be several years, and I will have upgraded by then. In fact, to me native memory is easier than using an  SD anyway.  So in conclusion:  The Droid Maxx is, in my opinion, BY FAR the best Droid device, and probably the best smart phone currently available.  CNET calls it the best Droid, so they agree.  My wife has an iPhone 5s and you can't compare Apple to Droid anymore.  iPhones are great; they always work and are super easy, but from a technological and configuration standpoint there really isn't any comparison.  And now that Google owns Motorola, I'll bet these devices keep getting better and better.If you are an iPhone user tired of Apple's schtick, you could do a lot worse than a Droid Maxx.UPDATE:  It's been about three weeks, which is plenty of time to have discovered quirks or things I don't like.  And I have found none.  Not one.  This smartphone is amazing.  I bought the Speck brand case and a screen cover, and am absolutely thrilled.  All the apps run great, and the battery is just plain crazy.  I got three days out of it last week.  Even when it is down to 8% or so, there is still plenty of time left for a few more calls.  To get the three days I turned it off at night by the way.  If left on, two full days is a realistic expectation.

I just replaced my Droid Bionic with the new Maxx! I could not be happier, the display is awesome I compared it side by side with a LG G2 1080p the Maxx looks so much better! Battery life may not last 48 hours but I run my phone hard all day 7am to 10pm and it still has 48% battery left! I love the touch less feature it works great! I would highly recommend the Maxx you will love this phone!

Best of Google and Motorola, Android at its BestBattery is a Plus. Awesome Phone plain and simple. I Give it 5 Stars!

My old phone was a Samsung Galaxy Nexus. This however is a great phone, with great battery life! Dropped it on it's face straight onto pavement,  but thankfully no scratches. Either way I still bought a screen protector and case for extra protection. I can see myself using this one till it's completely broken. Very pleased with my purchase.

Before Droid Maxx I had 3 great LG Phones whose battery life could last for one-two weeks depending on use. When Verizon finally got the iPhone 5 I gladly chose to upgrade. Unfortunately, the phone was extremely unreliable with battery life -- only 4 hours with mixed use and 4 days on standby. After my phone dying on me in emergency's multiple times, even with a Mophie (which added 4 hours) and charger, I gave up. When the Droid Maxx came out and said its battery life can last for 2 days, I had to see if it was true. It is. With max brightness and pushed to the limit, I can get 18 hours. With mixed use the Droid Maxx gets at least 2 days. With some use, I can get just shy of 6 days. Standby use can last for approximately 1 1/2 weeks. The battery life alone was enough for me to change to Android. The graphics are HD (720). The camera is 10mp. The screen size is about 5 1/2 inches, making it great for videos or games. As with all Motorola phone's, the phone quality is the best there is. I have zero problems with dropped calls and I live in the woods. For most users, 32GB memory (really 26GB) is more than enough. Droid Maxx does not fit in some pockets, but that is rarely a problem. For customization, wallpapers (from photos or internet) don't usually work with the screen easily and so far there are only three cases. I have had my phone for almost 1 year and am still very satisfied.

No cell phone is 100% perfect, but this one is as close to perfect for me as I've had a chance to try. It's a little larger than I would like, but it fits more information on the screen thanks to it's overall dimensions. There's also a bottom row of icons that stays put regardless of which screen you're on, so that your basic apps are always available. That bottom row is also customizable with your preferred apps.Speaking of the screen, it seems to have some kind of smudge-proof coating. I find that I NEVER have to wipe it clean. The same goes for the case, which looks cool on it's own and doesn't need any aftermarket shell for protection and to add bulk.What I like most is the extensive battery life and the speed. I also went out of my way to find the 32GB version, since Verizon didn't carry it any longer. Also, the memory is used sparingly for it's OS. I like to have tons of music and apps at my disposal.What I don't like is that connecting it to my mac requires a 3rd party app with a lousy interface. Managing the content is not very intuitive.I also like being able to launch the camera app with a double twist of my wrist, regardless of the currently running application. About the camera app itself, though, it's pretty basic. I would have liked being able to have a choice of resolutions. I don't need every photo I snap to be the full quality and take up quite so much space in storage.It senses when I pick it up or out of my pocket, so I don't even have to turn it on first to answer a call or check a message, I just have to unlock the screen.Overall I'd recommend this phone to anyone interested in long battery life, lots of speed and memory.

This phone is way better than some of the other reviews make it out to be. I was between this and the LG-G2... and I am so happy I chose the Droid Maxx.1) Battery: I am a moderate smartphone user. I work in a hospital where I get calls/texts/pages on my phone. I text, call, use e-mail, calendar, do quick searches on medical apps, and listen to Pandora in my car. When I unplugged my phone the first morning, I had 85% at the end of the first day, left it unplugged overnight, 50% at the end of the second day, unplugged overnight again, and ended up with 25% around 2:00 at which time I plugged it in. The battery really does stand out in this phone.2) Reception is great. 4G LTE all around the hospital, and even still good 3G reception in the basement. No complaints.3) Stock Android 4.2.2 with VERY minimal Verizon bloatware, and the Motorola specific features are mild, and even useful. The Chrome texting extension is nice to respond to text messages while I sit at the computer.4) Snappy, snappy, snappy. I had an HTC EVO 4G LTE (Sprint version of HTC One X) that had a 1.5 dual core, and the Droid Maxx's 1.7 dual core (X8, whatever) processor really holds up much better. Google Maps/Navigation snaps right up on screen, finds the address. Browsing is quick. Switching tasks is seamless. Pandora starts right up with no wait or lag when selecting options.5) Unlocked. You can use this phone with a SIM card you buy abroad. Or with an AT&T; SIM, whatever. Travel a lot? Get this phone.6) Nice screen. The screen is the typical over-saturated AMOLED screen, but honestly it was strange to me for about 5 minutes. I'm used to the colors, and actually prefer them. The HTC had a more "natural" Super LCD screen, but it's NOT a factor in my opinion.7) The AMOLED screen allows for "Active Notifications" which is actually a really nice add-on to this phone. Basically, the phone senses when it is taken out of a pocked, picked up off a table, shifted to be used... then it pops up the time and any notifications onto the screen with minimal battery use. You can then delete the notification, or open it up right then and there. Sounds silly, but it's a really nice, elegant feature. The screen is pretty close to "edge-to-edge", though not like the LG-G2... but it's really not that big of a difference. Difference between 720p and 1080p is SO hard to see on a screen this small, that I'm surprized people actually care. Less pixels=less strain on the GPU/CPU, lower battery consumption. I don't need super-high def to read an e-mail, high def is overkill anyway. Period.8) Solid build quality. The back of the phone "probably" isn't Kevlar, but the soft-touch/rubberized backing is really, really nice. So much so, that I have decided not to get a case for the phone since it looks so nice, and doesn't attract fingerprints. The backing is very similar to the TPU cases you buy here anyway. The phone has got some solid heft to it, but I like that.9) Camera is ok. There are probably better cell phone cameras, but I don't take a ton of pictures on my phone. It's really good enough for those times when I find something funny to show my friends... you know, once a month MAYBE. I wouldn't say it's bad, I'd just say it fine. Similar to the HTC One X.Well, that's it. I'd highly recommend it. Actually, I already did... to my co-workers. They're impressed, as was I. I'll keep you posted on anything that changes, but I'm sticking to it that this is a great phone.UPDATE:Had this phone for about two months now, and it has only gotten better.1) Touchless Control: I tried out the "touchless control" and it works really quite well (note: the phone has to get to know your voice, so if you have voice texted on an Android in the past, chances are the phone knows your voice well because it connects to Google, which learns your voice. If this is your first Android, it'll take about 10-20 commands for it to get good.) I am able to do a lot without touching the phone. HUGE NOTE: it will suck battery much quicker. I still can get two days, but it won't go into the second night and into the third day like it does with touchless control off. Hence, I keep it off.2) Very stock Android. I mean really, none of that Touchwiz/Sense stuff going on here (although, Sense is pretty nice) but I will say, I really like the stock, snappy feel of this operating system. The nice thing is that with Touchwiz/Sense, some RAM is used up since it's basically a "skin" on stock android, here, you don't have that. Nice.3) Battery. Still a big wow factor. Unplug my phone Friday morning, drive out to my friend's cabin up north Wisconsin... forgot my charger. Phone lasted till I got back Sunday night without going into the Red (granted I didn't use it much since I was having fun up north). Really useful when your group splits up at the bars late on a Saturday night, and you are confident your phone still has battery to call them. Way up in the sticks. Nice.4) I got the Skinomi screen cover and it's really nice. The material doesn't attract fingerprints, and lets my finger glide on it (not stick to it like the glass screen). It isn't glass smooth, more orange-peely, but it's still SUPER clear. And, REALLY easy to make it perfect. No bubbles, perfect fit. (it's a wet application protector, so once it's on the phone, it can be re-positioned for a couple minutes as it dries so you get the perfect placement)5) Like I said, I haven't gotten a case for it, and there are still no scratches to the back of the phone. Like mentioned, it's a rubberized backing material that honestly feels like a TPU case itself. I still don't think this phone needs the case, and I'm going to stick to that. (if you drop your phone a lot, that might be a different story, but I don't)CONS: Not many at all, really. It's a really, really nice phone. This is what smartphones have been aiming for all along. Nice screen, battery, feel, reception, storage, etc... The only things:- Home screen does't wrap around (so what, right? It doesn't bother me, but there you go)- Running Applications button sometimes needs two attempts to get it to work. Maybe my fingers are too fat, who knows.- Contacts' pictures don't sync with Facebook like they did on my HTC... really missed that, so I found an app that works REALLY well: HaxSync ($4, I think). Now all my contacts have HD quality pictures uploaded straight from Facebook.- When connected to Bluetooth, it plays at full volume through my car stereo. That's good, but when I go to change the phone volume up/down, it gets quieter. It's hard to explain. Basically, I just have to use the car stereo to regulate the volume (duh, that's fine) not the phone. There is a setting that popped up the FIRST time I connected the bluetooth, and I just quick hit 'Accept' without reading it... that was probably the problem. Just FYI.That's it! I really recommend this phone.

Great phone.  Can't believe how long the battery lasts...I'm on my phone all the time and now only charge it at night.  I'm used to carrying around 2 or 3 spare batteries for my old phone (Galaxy Nexus) just to make it through the day.  This phone still has at least 50% battery after a full day of use.  It ships with Android 4.4 (KitKat) and is very close to a pure Android experience with few modifications.  Most of the bloatware included is easily disabled through Settings -&#62; Apps so if you don't want or need any or all of it, the Maxx will act like the stuff doesn't exist.  I would DEFINITELY recommend this phone to anyone who is on their phone constantly.  Although there are other phones with faster processors and slightly better displays, this phone is a BEAST!

I have had this phone since it came out and funny how like other Verizon products, 6 months before my contract is up its starting to do strange things. My battery life is now horrible and it just shuts down or freezes for no reason. The help desk has no idea why it's doing this either. This is my third Droid and I am pretty sure my last one for the price of this product!

Our house is typically a Samsung house. Our Fridge, TV, Washer and Dryer are all Samsung. I had the Samsung Galaxy Nexus before this and loved it. So I was a little nervous to go to a Motorola. I have had two Motorola smart phones in the past and wasn't impressed with them. This one has exceeded my expectations of even the Samsung 4. I played with both in store and found that the Droid MAXX was more responsive, took better pictures and had a louder speaker. The battery on this is also amazing. If I am using it constantly, at the end of the day I will be around 50 - 60% of battery life left. I guess Google buying Motorola has been a good thing because this phone is the best I've seen produced by anyone.

Battery last forever. Screen is great and the speed vs my i5 is incredible. thats about it in a nutshell.If you want all the specy stuff read some one elses but if you just want to know if its good ,YES.

The first one I received worked great until it was plugged it in and it shut off, it then would not turn on until it was unplugged  and continued to shut off each time it was plugged in again. After getting the run around from Verizon, Amazon was able to replace it but that left me with no phone for 4 days as I had to first send the junk phone back and it was in the midst of the holidays.The second phone worked great and I was very pleased with it until the eighth day with it when the &#34;Gorilla Glass&#34; cracked while in my pocket, and of course no one will replace a cracked screen for free. Even with insurance I will need to shell out more than I paid for the phone so i will be spending the next 2 years with a cracked screen. In defense of the phone it was about 30 degrees below freezing while I was out side shoveling when it cracked and I believe it may have been more fragile due to the extreme temperature, which allowed the glasses that were in the same pocket to crack it. That being said I can not give it a horrible rating because I should not have had it in a pocket with anything else.There is a lot I like about the style and feel of the phone I also enjoy the wireless charging capabilities but i am disappointed with the quality and durability of this phone, it needs to be able to handle everyday life.

My wife and I both decided to switch to the Droid Maxx in February 2014, and we love them.I'll keep it simple, since others have written way more in-depth reviews that are better than I could write.- Obviously, we'd mention the battery life. We usually get two days per charge, which is way better than we had with our old Galaxy S2s. I took screenshots when I had this thing still going at 3% after 2 days and 20 hours. Of course, that was pretty minimal usage those three days, but I hadn't been trying to make it last that long.- Awesome design and feel to the phone (why cover that with a case?)- People may say the processor isn't the best, but I love the way it functions, separating different functions onto different cores and chunks of memory.- We absolutely LOVE that the camera is only a &#34;doorknob twist&#34; away. I was worried about the camera before buying, because that was the one place I constantly saw the Droid Maxx marked down, and my wife wanted a good camera. I'm glad to report, I'm not disappointed with the camera at all. No settings to adjust, and as long as you give it a few seconds to adjust to the lighting, it does a good job with the auto settings. You just tap the screen to snap a shot, and you can even snap shots while taking video. We are very happy with the camera.- The Command Center Widget is Awesome!!I guess a couple negatives I've found:- Limited case selection (see comments at the end of review for my ongoing case search).- Verizon Exclusive (although, to be honest, our experience is switching from T-Mobile has been- Google is selling Motorola (which in the end, I think will be best for both companies), just feels like an uncertain time for right now.Pros & Cons of (nearly) Stock Android:- You don't have a whole lot of extra bloatware on your phone... Minimal Verizon apps, IMDB, and an NFL app is forced on us (Who still cares about football these days?).- Missing some advanced functionality in certain areas, but at least the additional apps you download to get this functionality are all of your own choosing.- Can't remove unused homescreens- No simple button for Screen Auto Rotate. I would imagine this would be in the options under the notifications settings section, but you have to navigate into settings and display to reach this option. Additional widget apps tend to be large, and I don't want to install one just for that button.- Stock Alarm clock can adjust exactly how long the alarm snoozes from 1-30 mins, but the option for how long the alarm goes off has a list from 5-30 mins in 5 minute increments. Who needs a five-minute alarm (or for that matter, anything longer than five-minutes)?- The text messaging app lacks the option to schedule a time to send a message which is something I use quite often.- Another downside to texting with Verizon is media messages can't be sent over wifi, so you're stuck using your precious data.Anyway, none of this really has to do with the Maxx, specifically.Final Thoughts. The title says it all. We love the phones and wish Google had taken better care of Motorola.Case Comments:There aren't many cases (name brand or otherwise), and they're challenging to find due to the repetitive names in the series (Droid RAZR Maxx, RAZR Maxx HD, Droid Maxx...). Good luck with that (we're still looking for decent cases, I'll update this area if I find one I really like).We've tried:- Diztronic Flexible TPU cases (Black and Pink Glitter). The feel is okay, but the sides are too flexible and it peels off our screen protectors.- OtterBox Commuter case (Black). Great protection, but not comfortable to hold due to added bulk and the slick plastic shell. Lip around the screen makes Back, Home and Recent buttons difficult to touch, and the power and volume buttons are also harder to press.

Better in every regard.  Display is stunning. Call quality is very good, smoothness of interface must be experienced.  There is some quirkiness to latest version of android (missing the device based menu key).  Also nice to see how good google voice has become - very useful.

This phone already does a very poor job of auto-focusing with the camera outside of the OEM camera application, but the upgrade to KitKat exacerbates the problem greatly.I develop an app called ICE Unlock, that uses your fingerprint to unlock your Android device, and the firmware update to the camera that came along with the update to KitKat makes this phone impossible to use with my application.  I am sure this affects other applications that use the phone as well.  Motorola needs to fix this glaring issue pronto, as I really cannot recommend this or other Droid's that are following a similar path for their cameras.I have found the phone quite good in other areas, so I cannot give it a one star.  The external speaker is nice and loud so that it can be heard when you are in another room more easily.  The touchless features for getting information on the swipe screen is quite useful.  The battery life is well worth it.  But, if you need a device that takes good pictures at all ranges, this is not the device for you.

I don't have to babysit my phone! it's a notch below the other phones that were available on the market at this time, but it was well worth it for something less glitchy.I really hope the droid team makes MAXX its own thing. The phone is stable, has plain old droid on it (I hate the bells and whistles on Samsung and HTC), and doesn't eat up my day caring for it.Google calendar on the go, emails, and music. I'm in love!

I'm not going to go over every spec of the Droid Maxx, as better reviewers have done so, but I do want to describe my overall experience with moving from an iPhone to the Maxx.I have been an iPhone gal since smartphones burst on the scene. It was time to upgrade, so I had an iPhone 5s on order. But the shipment got messed up, so the Verizon guy suggested I try out a Droid Maxx while I waited. Despite being an Apple gal, resistant and entrenched in that ecosystem, he bet me I would end up getting the Maxx. You know what? I did!Not only is the price, screen size, standard memory size (32 gb) and battery life much, much better on the Maxx, this phone is way more useful and comfortable than I could have imagined. Even though the initial switch was somewhat terrifying and quite time consuming compared to an iDevice, the Android platform lets you customize absolutely everything. By most accounts, the allure of the iPhone is that it's the most elegant and easiest-to-use smartphone, and that may remain true, but you can change very little on it, and for me, suddenly having access to the world of Android phone customization and free mega-storage through Google+ pulled me further from Apple. Especially as I could easily migrate all of my own music from iTunes over to Google, getting free cloud storage of 20,000 tracks for my personal music burned from my own cd's-- iCloud stores only iTunes-purchased content for free.Once I got familiar with it, the Maxx' especially tight integration into the Google world (Google owns Motorola) made navigation, voice control, notifications, weather, etc. all flow together in much the same way that Apple's services/features overlap. And I actually found that Google Now responded and behaved at least as well as Siri, if not better. It's also very cool to be able to wake up or find my phone with just my voice, even if I'm way across the room. Three times already I've located my lost phone in very strange places that would have eluded me!I still love the simplistic beauty of Apple's hardware and software, but honestly, in the end, I skipped this iPhone 5s cycle because the Droid Maxx did do what I needed it to do (lots of web surfing, music/video playback, email use), on a screen big enough to actually see, for a very, very long period of time between charges, all with product features that matched, or bested the iPhone 5s. In every way, that is, except for the camera, unfortunately. Despite a 10mp capability and a recent software tweak by Motorola, the camera is still inferior to many smartphones'. The update did improve performance in low light conditions, and outdoors shots are fine, but the indoor flash balancing is still quite substandard. I personally have found the camera to be just fine for my needs, but if camera specs are critical, this phone won't stack up. Maybe the announced update to KitKat will include more fixes?In the end, though, I would definitely recommend the Droid Maxx to anyone thinking of leaving Apple right now. The Maxx stands up in just about every way to the iPhone 5s, and then some.

I'm a fan of android products and this phone comes close to stock android. Not like Samsung, lg, or other companys that build there there own UI's on top of Android. This phone packs a 5.0 screen, 1.7 GHZ processer, 2G of Ram, 32g ROM, 10 Mega pixel camera, front Camera 2.0, 720p display, insane battery of 3500 for 48 hrs of use.active display is great. Which is used to display your text, email or recent calls on phone. Touchless display is awesome you can tell your phone what to do with a simple voice command. This phone is fast due to its 8x core processing ability's. You can't go wrong with this phone.Dispite other phones that have faster processor's its still a perfect match to any smart phone competitor especially when playing games or using apps or web this phone does not lag on anything. Buy this phone it is great in every aspect. When other phones die this one lives.

I owned two Droid Razr's over the past two years.  One went bad right before the warranty was up and the other ran very poorly during the last three months while I waited to upgrade.  Frankly, I was skeptical, but my hot button has always been battery usage and I was tired of hauling around an Anker to recharge my old phones a couple times a day sometimes.  I was looking at the Maxx and also waiting for the S5 to come out, but I was so disgusted with the performance of the Razr, and the price on Amazon was excellent on this phone, so I went for it.Now I've come to find out that Costco is selling the 5S at 2 for 1, or $99/ea if you're a Verizon customer.  I've only had this phone 10 days, so  I could return it under Verizon's 14 day return policy, but I'm not going to simply because I enjoy this phone so much, other reviews are great and who knows if the S5 will have problems or not?  One thing you might have to do is check system updates (settings>about phone>system updates....or look to see if you have Kit Kat under Android Version on the same page).  In my case, the phone shipped with Jelly Bean and didn't upgrade to Kit Kat until I manually updated it.  Took about 30 minutes.UPDATE:  I had a minor problem with the phone's programming.  Motorola was right there with their online chat and when we couldn't resolve the issue online, I was given a priority support phone number.  It took awhile to resolve the notification issue, but they got it right and I would rate their customer service very highly.  BTW, the notification issue was my fault, not the fault of the phone.

I used to be a feature whore. What I mean by that is--I'd go for the phone with the coolest new features--NFC, Siri, 41234321 MP Camera, waterproof, best looking screen, etc. But what I finally realized was that none of these features matter IF YOU CAN'T USE THEM. And that's exactly what would happen with every other smartphone in the world. I'd find myself turning off 4G, NFC, GPS, screen brightness, etc. just to make it through 5-6 hours. I was constantly tethered to a charger and constantly worrying about whether my phone would make it through the day.I can't believe phone manufactures haven't realized until now that battery life is THE most important aspect of building a useful smartphone. I bought this phone for the battery when my old GNexus died, and I'm happy to report that the battery on this thing doesn't disappoint. On a full charge, this phone will last me about 48 hours with moderate use, and 24-36 hours on heavy use. While on vacation with my brother, his S4 would run out of battery within 7 hours, but my MAXX would last all day. For those of us who spend at least some part of our lives out of the house/office for more than 7 hours at a time, that is HUGE.I won't go into too many of the other features, because to me the features on the S4/iphone whatever #/letter/LG/Nokia are all pretty much the same. You'll get cool features and great performance with any of these phones. What sets this phone apart is that it will actually last long enough (with all features turned on) for you to use them.

Works great! No issues. Love the quick camera launch feature and the battery life is ridiculous! I had the battery last 4 full days without a charge and a decent amount of use. My old phone couldn't last a full day with moderate use. The battery life makes this phone an absolute winner... love it!

My very first cell phone was an Ericsson what a piece of junk that was. My next phone was the original Razr, you remember the flip phone with the pull out antenna? It was awesome! Then I converted to the newer Razr, the flip phone, all silver metal on the outside another awesome phone! I don't recall EVER having battery issues in those days. But then these were not smart phones. It was a terribly sad day when I stuffed the Razr into the trade-in envelope because my company got me a smart phone. The proverbial digital leash.The HTC Incredible was trouble from the start, after 18 months of struggle and all manner of contortions to make the battery last even 16 hours of judicious use it just stopped receiving text messages. A factory reset and an investigation on the Verizon switching matrix couldn't solve the problem. Onward to an Incredible 2. OK folks now we are getting somewhere. As long as one stayed away from using the GPS for more than an hour, or God forbid talk for more than 2 hours in a 16 hour period, the battery would last all day. Still had to have Juice Defender, and Task Killer running to get it through the day.Now here we are with the DROID MAXX HD...sigh...I miss the Razr moniker. There are a lot of reviews that will go on ad nauseum about the ticky-tacky aspects of the operating system, about perceived battery life when streaming with bluetooth and GPS all going at the same time. So if that is your interest stop reading now...ok if you are still with me I want to talk about how the phone FEELS and LOOKS as it is doing its job. I have had the phone for only a week but I feel as though Moto finally got a smart phone right. I really thought the larger size would bother me in my normal uniform of business slacks and tie, but it's so thin that the extra width and height don't seem to bother. With all the apps I can think of to load on the thing and all of the operating system, I still have 25gigs of storage, a seeming never ending supply. Regardless, since I don't plan on carrying entire movies around or music enough to listen to for 2 years I am not at all bothered by the lack of an SD slot.I haven't yet put a case on it or even a screen protector (but they are on order from Amazon) I just love the feel of the phone in my hand. It's solid and weighty, and feels like a masterful job of engineering. This is added to by the distinct mesh pattern of the Kevlar back, it will be a shame to cover it up with a case.It think it's unfortunate that some folks here have had a bad time with their phone, I think perhaps lemons are possible even at this price level. Speaking for myself the purchase of this phone via Amazon was less $$ than going directly to a Verizon store, go figure. Activating the phone on an existing number was bone-headed simple. Call a number, enter some digits, reboot and you are good to go. The 4G data speed is a whopping 35mpbs down and 10mpbs up that's is incredible to me. I have cable internet service it's not even that fast. I recommend that you get unlimited data because the speed of the thing will tempt you to do a lot of things that you might have not sat still for on 3G.This was a great purchase for me and I am very happy with the phone. If you are on the fence because of the price I understand and don't blame you, but at this level you do get what you pay for, in my case I think perhaps a little more than.

I've read tons of reviews on this phone before I bought it. Truly, this is the best phone I've ever had. I tried the LG G2 first which wasn't bad, and I previously had the iphone4.The battery is phenomenal, the screen (although not 1080) is brilliant and the &#34;Ok Google Now&#34; voice activated feature is awesome.Some reviews say the processor doesn't stand up to say the Samsung or LG, which I think is ridiculous. Like I said initially, best phone I've ever had.The camera &#34;twist on&#34; feature works perfectly and comes in handy. Pictures/video are great quality.Verizon doesn't advertise this phone like they should.Seriously, if you're considering this phone, get it. You won't be disappointed.

Having come from a long line of cell phones (starting with the Blackberry Storm, then Storm 2, then HTC Thunderbolt, and lastly Samsung Galaxy S3), I still had not found the perfect phone for me - every phone had some sort of trade off, whether it be sluggish performance, poor battery life, or just lousy user interfacing.  Having played with the Maxx for a while before purchasing, I can say that I feel that this is the most compelling upgrade you can move to today that gives you pretty much the best of everything you could want in a cell phone.  I will note that I will make some comparisons to the Galaxy S3 in my review, as that is a modern cell phone that many people use as well as the phone I am just coming from.Starting with the packaging, the phone comes in a standard size smartphone box with all sorts of 'DROID' labeling and such.  Within, we find the phone, a dual usb slot wall charger, manuals/warranty information, and a card telling you to join Google's Ingress AR game.  Everything is fairly standard, and I'm glad there aren't crappy headphones included, as I would have just thrown them out anyway as they are usually terrible.  The SIM card comes pre-installed into the phone (the sim tray is actually the volume rocker now, which is an interesting decsion, but is nice not to have an additional port on the side).Overall the feel of the phone is nice - there is a certian degree of 'heft' to it, especially coming from a Galaxy S3 that is very lightweight, almost 'airy.'  Some may be put off by the additional weight of the phone, but I feel its nice to have a phone that actually has a presense in your hand and doesn't feel like you can just fling it away with the flick of your wrist.  The phone is also decently thin, but not too thin in my opinion - it sits well in my hand (I usually wear a Large men's glove) and I can generally do anything on the phone using just one hand, same as I would have on the Galaxy S3.  The texture of the phone is incredibly premium feeling - the kevlar backing make the phone feel great and has a nice degree of 'stickyness' (its not sticky, just can't think of a better way to say it) to it that makes sure it doesn't slide out of your hand like gloss plastic can sometimes.  The power button and the volume rocker on the side both feel sturdy and have no rattle to them like my S3 did, and both have a solid actuation to them when depressed, not squishy or non-existant.  The device also makes use of capacitve back, home, and window buttons, which is unlike a 'stock' android experience where the buttons are on screen, but I actually prefer it this way, as the buttons do not take up my screen real-estate.  A micro-usb port sits at the bottom which is nice and tight with the charging cable.  The headphone jack is at the top, the camera is in it's normal spot, and overall, the device just feels great in hand.Powering up, you get the standard 'DROID' boot screen, which I don't really care for, but it's not big deal - you really only see it once at first boot and then if you have to reboot, you see it again.  After going through the normal registration process of setting up your Google account and getting the network setup, you boot into what is basically stock Android.  I must say, using stock Android is so much nicer than the Touchwiz skin on the Galaxy S3.  Less bloated menus, easier access to the information you want, etc...some may like the additional 'help' afforded by other launchers, but I'm really fond of the stock experience and what it does for you.  Customization of the phone is simple as it is on any other android phone, but there is a fair amount of bloat installed by verizon, pretty much all of which can be disabled in the app manager.  Most people will be changing the "DROID" noise monikers, and rightfully so - they're annoying.  I will say though, that the Droid Command center, the stock clock/weather/battery widget you see, is extremely helpful - it contains the clock with access to your alarms, weather which is set to geo-location and other locations you define, and a battery meter that also flips into a quick settings button to access your settings.Actual physical interaction with the phone is fantastic - the transitions, loading times, and overall 'snappiness' of the phone is so much better than the Galaxy S3 - there is no percieveable lag like I had on the S3 between home screens, and loading programs and menus is much faster than the S3 and even faster compared to my friend's Galaxy S4, which sports a newer, Snapdragon 600 processor.  This leads me to my next point - while some may be saying that Motorola's X8 computing system, which comprises of a Snapdragon S4 Pro and 2 other contextual processors is 'old tech,' there is no evidence that this phone is 'old' or slow at all - it runs things faster than the modern Galaxy S4 can in my opinion.  Phones are more than their benchmark scores, but even this phone scores at the top of the field with it's benchmarks as well.  You are not going to feel 'behind-the-curve' with this phone at all - everything is fast, fluid, and runs without a hitch.  Motorola put a lot of work into this computing system, and they hit a home run in my opinion.Using the phone as an actual phone is good - call quality is excellent, and the phone can get louder than you could ever need.  The dialer itself is a little sluggish in my experience, but I believe that's due to the phone searching your contact list with every number you enter.  The speaker phone is loud and clear, and your ring tones are easily audible.  The vibrate function works well and is strong enough to feel in your pocket, but there is no customization for vibration intensity and you can only choose from a few different vibrate patterns.  On a side note, another thing I wish the phone wouldn't do is vibrate on every notification when the phone is set to vibrate only - meaning that if you have your gmail notification set to not vibrate, if you have the phone on vibrate only, a Gmail will make the phone vibrate.  The Galaxy S3 did not do this - certianly not a deal breaker, but just something I wish was different.Signal quality has also been better than any phone I've had previous to this - my office is somewhat of a cell phone hell, and I would usually switch between 4G, 3G, and 1X with my Galaxy S3 at any given time at work.  Now, with the Maxx, I have a solid 4G signal at all times at work - this makes me really happy.  Motorola has always been known for its radio and antenna technology and strength, and it is certianly showing here as well.  Bluetooth works well on the same topic of wireless connections, easy to pair, holds a good signal.  The wifi radio is strong as well and works all throughout my house connected to my wireless-n router.  I have not had to use NFC yet, but it exists in the phone.  Wireless hotspot works well also.The screen is sufficently bright and vibrant, which a lot of color saturation, which is expected of a AMOLED screen.  Some people may lament the lack of a 1080p screen on a modern phone, but I honestly don't see the need - at a near 300ppi (which is the most the human eye can percieve), everything is crystal clear and sharp and I don't see my self needing anything sharper.  The color reproduction is great -whites are white for me, blacks are blacks, and I don't feel any other colors look washed out or poor - I like the screen a lot.  As an extention of the screen, the capacitve buttons at the bottom glow at all times the phone is on - something that may irk people, but personally I haven't had issue with.The camera has had its fair share of pro's and con's - though it appears that this will be changing in the near future for us Droid Maxx owners - Motorola's ClearPixel tech is supposed to allow for better light getting into your photos - sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  For me, it seems to be neither here nor there at this time - pictures can look really good, or can look kind of bad.  But in my experience, it's been the same as compared to the pictures I would take with the Galaxy S3.  The new updated camera software for the Moto X has been released and is going through Verizon testing right now, which means it will hit the Droid Maxx around the same time (the Maxx and the Moto X are the same phone from a hardware standpoint with Camera and SoC).  From what I've seen of the new software, photo quality has been greatly improved, so we'll see how it goes.  Overall at the moment though, I am satisfied with the camera.Now as for what makes this phone unique compared to the market, you have the active notifications, the touchless control, moto assist, and the BATTERY.  Active notificaitons has to be the most useful feature I've ever had on a phone to date, and is something I wish could be baked into Android itself (but can't be as this feature requires an AMOLED screen to work).  While your phone's screen is off, when you receive a notification, it 'pulses' this information on the screen for you, using only a small portion of the screen to let you know what the notification is, such as a Gmail.  Taking your finger and sliding the notification bubble up, you can get a quick glimpse of what the notification is for, and you can either open it from there, or just release it and let it go back to sleep, all while never fully turning your screen on, which saves power (and in my observation, it certianly has).  No longer do you have to wonder what the blinking blue LED is for - your phone tells you what notifications are going on.  I don't see how I can go back to any other phone with a notification LED anymore - this really is a game changer for me.  Between emails, texts, tweets, or whatever, the phone lets you know what is going on at all times, and you don't take a battery penalty to do it which is fantastic.  The phone also recognizes contextual changes as a part of this - if you leave your phone upside down, the screen won't pulse notifications until you flip it over, or if it's in your pocket, once you lift it up to look at it, the notifications come to life.  As a side benefit to this whole system, I've probably only hit the power button a handful of times in my tenure of ownership because you can wake the device up from the active display.One thing that I do miss is the inclusion of a microSD port - while the phone does have 32gb of storage onboard, having an external memory card for photos or music or movies is something I do miss.Another feature baked into active notifications is Motorola Connect, which allows you to connect your phone's notifications to a Google Chrome browser extention, allowing you to see your notifications from any Chrome browser.  I have to say, this is pretty cool, as it allows me to check my notifications while in a meeting at work without having to look at my phone.Touchless control is also a great feature, though its one that takes some getting used to.  After training your voice to the device, stating the phrase "Ok Google Now" allows you to control your phone without having to touch it at all - read a text out loud, send a text, read an email, program your GPS - you name it, you can most likely do it with your voice.  Again, this is all done without a battery hit thanks to the X8 computing system and it's natural language processor.  I was previously afraid to use the voice activation features of the Galaxy S3 due to the power hit I took every time I used it, but I see myself using this more and more and feeling less awkward about talking to my phone (but yes, you will feel weird talking to your phone at first).  You will notice times where the system didn't recognize what you said or confuse it for something else, but overall, the implementation works great in my opinion.Motorola Assist is also a great feature that the phone has for when you're going to be hands off as well - it allow you to place the car in driving mode where it responds to messages for you, or it can turn off sounds and block phone calls when you're in meetings or sleeping at night.  While this could be done with a variety of apps in the market already, its a nice feature set to include on the phone.And the biggest differentiator about this phone vs the market is the BATTERY - a whopping 3500mAh is way more than enough juice to get you through a day (or 2!).  Where my Galaxy S3 would die on a normal day for me, my Maxx is going at over 50% battery with the same usage as before.  You can easily get 7-8 hours of screen on time before the battery looks to throw in the towel.  No longer am I worrying about having a charger near by or second guessing my decision to play Candy Crush for 20 minutes (though I may second guess my decision to play it in the first place anyway...) - the Maxx just stays alive all day with pretty much anything you do to it.  I've gotten the phone to 48 hours of run time with 4 hours of screen on time at this point, which is downright amazing in my mind.  While most people go to sleep at night and don't need to leave your phone on for 48 hours, its nice to know if you forget a charger or are somewhere you can't charge that your phone is still going to have juice to get you through the day.  And mind you, this is doing all my normal routines - Gmail sync, comcast email sync, facebook, twitter, weather, kik messenger, etc - I don't know that I'd fall into the 'heaviest' of users, but just seeing how much people do with this phone before the battery dies is just amazing.So while there are a few things I would change (the vibrate thing, enhancing the camera, adding a microSD slot), I can solidly say that this phone is, in my opinion, the most compelling upgrade you can buy on the market today - a battery that cannot be beat, a feature-set that's unmatched by rivals, and an overall user experience that is just quick and easy to use.  A phone like this (or the Moto X) that can change the way you interact with your phone in a positive manner (and not just a gimmicky way) is something special and I'm glad I made the switch to the Maxx from the S3.

My Droid Razr Maxx crapped out and this phone was the replacement.  It was nice at first but now I have an account problem.  The phone continually asks for my Google password.  It asks so often that I dont have time to type in my password before it asks again.  The phone is completely useless!  A new update just came out but it didnt fix the problem.  I tried disabling specific motorola settings and apps but it didnt help.  Other Android phones dont seem to have this problem.

The battery life is as good as it gets and that was a problem with my old DroidX. The Swype app (best app ever) is much improved as well. I also find the phone to be in general much faster. Very happy with it!

I have had this phone since December 2013.  It still performs exactly the same as when it came out of the box.  If that changes I will update this review.Pros:  battery life, screen quality, camera quality, hands free controls, responsive (not laggy), good voice quality, swipe to text, motion sensors, solid build quality, texture of back cover, speaker qualityCons:  no external storage slot, no hdmi slotI have been able to reach 3 days 2 hours on a single charge.  My average is 2 days 10 hours.  I use my phone for Youtube, GPS, games, email, internet, picture/video, standard phone functions, and some other apps.  I would not consider myself a heavy user but I definitely use my phone regularly throughout the day.The hands free controls are a nice feature.  Being a able to respond to a text without touching or looking at the phone is particularly useful.  All other voice controls are excellent as well.The screen is not 1080p but I cannot tell.  I am very particular about how certain things look on a screen and I am satisfied with the resolution of this one.I didn't think I would use the twist to activate the camera much, but turns out I have.  The wrist twist to activate the camera is actually very convenient.I have had no trouble with responsiveness and have not noticed any lag.The sensors in the phone allow it to tell when I move it.  When I pick it up, it shows me a small notifications icon (if I have any) along with the time.  This has minimal effect on the battery because of the phones ability to only turn on pixels that need to be shown.  Those notifications can be touched to show a preview of the message without having to turn the phone screen on and unlock it.  That is probably the feature I use the most.  It is very convenient to be able to just touch the screen when a notification comes in to see who it is and most of what they said.

Got this for my husband, and he just love it! the battery life is pretty long, can go for 3 days with out charging with full use of all the functions. Big touch screen, very nice camera, pictures look very nice and clear!!! Great phone!

Battery life? Great, even with all of the services (GPS, Wireless, etc) running. After 16 hours of normal use, the phone still has 85% or so left on the battery. We used the GPS navigation for a two hour trip and only used a few percentage points of battery. The screen is beautiful, and you can do anything from place a call to send an email without touching the phone. Voice commands are recognized and the interpretation is excellent. I moved from a Samsung to this Droid MAXX two months ago, and am just sorry I did not do it sooner.

Way better than my old Bionic.  I used to have to carry 2 batteries with me on that old thing and charge throughout the day.  I easily get 2-3 days of battery life with this one which is by far the best selling point!

Wow, I have been using my Droid Maxx for a week and I am impressed! The handset is a bit on the heavy side, but you get used to it. Very solid build quality, outstanding battery life, amazing screen, and the OS is very impressive. Motorola has tweaked the Android 4.4 OS just enough to make it even smarter than expected. The push notifications, speech recognition, and on board assist are a welcome addition. The phone feels quick and responsive. Call quality is great and wow, did I mention the battery life! Side Note: AT&T users should also be advised that your nano sim WILL in fact work out of the box. You will only get HSPA + but it's a close second to 4G service.

It is a nice size phone with pretty good resolution, long battery life, with Google centric apps and it's not an iPhone.

Text messages not consistently coming through. Over all great phone. Love touch less commands. Can't store texts for easy access.

love it

This is a great phone.  The screen looks great, the speakers are loud, and I like the stock droid OS.  My main negative comment is that the battery life isn't all that.  It's true that I can get 48 hours, but that's with the screen down to 30% brightness and what I would describe as fairly minimal use (with strong 4G signal throughout).  I looked into the battery usage with an app, one of the main power drains (about equal to the screen) is the Android kernel itself, although I don't know which specific kernel tasks are draining things.  Don't get me wrong, the battery is adequate, and can easily get through one day of moderate to heavy use.  This is my first 4G LTE phone (which are notorious battery hogs), so maybe I'm just spoiled, but given all of the hype about the battery (which is the main reason I chose this phone) I find myself slightly disappointed.

I priced the phone at the Verizon store and it was $100 less on Amazon.  I was very surprised how easy it was to hook this to my Verizon account.  During the purchase process, I just gave the Amazon website my cellphone number, and it checked that I was eligible for upgrade, and it was done.  Simple.  The Verizon store will still help with any issues or set up if needed.  Love the phone.  Great camera, the sound quality is excellent.  Battery life is far superior to my old Motorola Bionic.  I use it as my work phone, use it all day, with several email accounts, text and phone and charge it on average every other day.  I highly recommend this phone, and buying it through Amazon.

Lots to like about the Droid Maxx. Motorola does seem to make the best smartphones. The battery life is unbelievable when compared to the last generation. I like that you can disable the bloatware, really wish there was no bloatware to begin with. I dig the touchless control. Google has taken over everything, but it all seems to work well and the apps are helpful. The tiny speaker is very loud, I can't see anyone having a problem hearing a call, or their music. The camera is nice for a smartphone. Verizion is a terrible company though. I lost my unlimited plan thanks to the desperate need for an upgrade. Why are we leasing cell phones now? If you pay payments on the phone through the year, and trade it in the next, that's a lease! My last smartphone made it three years It's a bad idea for a car, why would it be a good idea for a cell? uugh! but anyway, there's no other choice. The Maxx is a good lease if you are in the market.

Believe it not, this device is as advertised.  I'm no technocrat so I know little to nothing about the operating system all I know is that the battery lasts all day with moderate use, the gps is great, the other apps also work flawlessly. I don't watch tv on my phone so I can't say anything about that but as a phone/PDA this is the best one I have had or seen yet.  But, it has only been 6 weeks too.

Very solid phone, good materials.  Gorilla glass which you can actually bend; kevlar case which is virtually indestructible. Watch a video online &#34;How the Droid Maxx is made.&#34;  Amazing!  The only negative is that it includes some apps that I have no interest in, cannot delete, and must constantly be updated, taking up valuable space; for instance, NFL app.

I don't work for Motorola (tobe exact, "Google MotoMobility" as they'e known after acquisition by Google Corp.) - I've written negative & positive reviews of a variety of new products from HP, Nissan, Masscool, Intel, Autodesk, and so on, verifiale (mostly outside Amazon, on competitng eTailers forums) and frankly I cannot possibly work for dozens of companies, I am telling the world honestly:This is the third (3d) piece of Art from Motorola.  First was the venerable "Razr V3xx" back in the days of flipphones, it acquired a cult-like status with even some famous Bollywood actor insisting to be photographed with a Moto Razr, always.Then there was Moto "Atrix4G" sharing the status of a Flagship Android device worldwide - with Samsung Galaxy (Atrix2 was a slight step backwards video & battery-wise, though), now come Droid MAXX - PEOPLE CLAIMING iPhone is the one to have, aren't using their brains, those are little girls, teenagers or very old folks, not powerusers, not deeply technical people, should I call things by their names and say it bluntly - people still fixated on iC*** are either average intelligence or refuse to apply their brains when analyzing technical specs.  EVEN appearance/materials, not being anywhere as important as technical functions, in Moto's are now a match and exceed iPhones, and surely Samsung's cheap plasticky bodies.  This is Kevlar and a formfactor I suspect inspired by my review of an Atrix4G abput 3 years ago (?) read by Moto engineers, where I proposed to revive the cult classic "Razzr" formfactor, so it was born anew in Droid Razr and now newest - DROD MAXX.It is perhaps a bunch of words above, with no concrete Tech Specs to illustrate the point this "Moto DroidMAXX" is the top of SmartPhones today, beating iPhone into the dust and exceeding Samsung Galaxy likewise - at least for functions I need, but Iam buzy these days - used to write profusely long technical reviews, but not today.  So today I just say one example (below) of why DroidMAXX is really "MAX", and end the review:Motorola is not a marketing or showbiz company, like Apple had tendency tobe, remember Steve Jobs was a great marketeer, but not an engineer/not true inventor - he had partnered with Steve Wozniak for technical side of their company several decades ago basically iPhones look good, appeal to girls, managed to penetrate markets, talking heads but they don't design ICchips inside their devices!, they doNOt design circuits, they design a selling machine.Whereas Motorola was born as an Electronics company (first to fill the need for the early car radios, hence name Moto (cars) Rola (riding)), they went on to become one of the dozen major world's suppliers of Semiconductor IC's (chips).  they design/manufacture THOSE ELECTRONIC CHIPS inside their stuff, so when I was on a rmeote island somehwere in the Pacific, I happened to have two excellent phones, one Moto & another equally $pricey.  I reached my parents on Motorola, could not get thru on the other phone!Point is, Motorola makes electronics, RF/frontend circuits inside these phonese, the company know this stuff by it being their primary business.  Whereas Apple, depends in somebody else's electronics, they were manufacturing for a long time in south China, it's fueled by the hype & marketing.Tobe fair, iPhone is indeed in top 5 devices worlwide, fine, but people - use your brains when you want the "BEST HARDWARE" + "OPEN OPERATING SYSTEM": it's either Moto or Samsung and OS - Android.A simple task of moving a file from computer to SmartPhone (e.g. a drawing/design in my case), editing & presentation to customers half-world away, then moving file back to a computer - is a painful multistep on iPhone, some people with their iPhones end up emailing files to themselves which is like swimming in tuxedo - not efficient.  Because iOS is a closed "Holy Warden" garden, whereas Android does not assume users are stupid and allows you be in control, it is easier to infect but hey, if you're afraid of the wolves, don't go to the forest - "sit at home" with iOS, get fat.Not to mention, Google now owns "MotoMobility" (i.e. has money to further R&D; Research) and a state-of-the-art battery in DroidMAXX is ummatched (in its size/weight) - I vote to claim it "Best of the world", best device one can get for under $700 based on contract-less (true) cost.Maybe someone makes $2000 SmartPhones powered by Hydrogen fuelcells and dual-side displays, I don't know :), for the rest of us - DroidMAXX seems to have done what Razzr did many years ago, i.e. quietly become "best", yet hordes of people will coontinue to cling to their inferior iPhones - because Apple is good with marketing (akin to VHS videotapes decades ago, having won market over a technically-superior BetaMax tape, because Beta Consortium wasn't as good in marketing despite ironically offering a better product (BetaMax ended up in high-end/professional market, but lost mass/consumer market where most money was made by VHS).  This is what iPhone did initially - it is the modern era "VHS" able to convince we need inferior devices because they're made by Holy Apple, but it seems Anroids are increasingly outselling iOS at least in overseas markets & volume-wise, if not in $profitability where Apple still reigns.As of Moto DroidMAXX vs. Samsung Galaxies - battery & build quality of the DroidMAXX alone & usability issues with Samsung, made me choose one Adroid (MAXX) over the other (Galaxy) and then confirmed by in person/store visit that MAXX is indeed "Max" (better), Samsung has done much to propel Android to its high position today, but I think DroidMAXX this year takes the spotlight (+ Apple being entangled into patents litigations vs. Samsung, is an ongoing struggle with outcome to be seen [could be banned from certain sales in the U.S.])Think:We need mobile phones first to make calls/TALK, only secondly to make lame pictures or waste time on inane games, if a half-$Thousand dollar device fails to pick up a remote, ultra-weak signal as happens with iPhones (they're not good in RF/signal processing), why do I need it ?!, I always felt that Motorola's RFfrontend electronics is better due to being able to establish a call in noise, exceedingly weak signal scenario, where LG, HTC, and yes - that overhyped iPhone, fail and drop calls.If I had no life, no work/career, & wanted a toy - it's better to get a Tablet, than iPhone anyway, if my life depends on a phone call - it's better to get a device whose primary target is that - good signal processing, voice calls, which Motorolas been good at for decades (more or less, they did release afew awful products in the past, amongst excellent ones like Razr V3xx)Maxx is not even "fatter" much and not heavier than Samsung, but battery in MAXX is a piece of art, it runs unusually long time (at least if you have a brain to edit stock settings into optimal mode conserving battery).I should be fair however, and menton "Apple Corp." started it all, so while iPhone is inferior & at least not my preference, and while iOS is officially dethroned by Androids in terms of worlwide sales (if not $profitability) - at least I admit if it wasn't for Apple, we maynot have had great Androids today.But that was past.  Today you should get an Android, & I vote for Moto DroidMAXX, or DroidULTRA (slightly saller/lighter, less battery), or on AT&T; - at least get "Moto X", and if you need certain useless features (I don't) yet don't mind shorter batter life & cheaper materials/buld quality - then get Samsung Galaxies, but by all means not an iPhone if your goal is to get WORK DONE (be PRODUCTIVE), not play games or childish animations.===========================No spell check - buzy, night (dark), mobile device (tiny keyboard), typed on DroidMAXX (mom's got months ago, I am waiting for own, in shipment from Amazon).

Battery life is unbelievable. Voice recognition is also a huge plus. Phone is fast and signal is great. Glad I made this choice!

Ordered the Droid Maxx in August on Amazon and received on Wednesday. Upgraded from a Droid X2. Battery was the #1 reason that I chose this phone. Received phone at 43% battery, activated, setup, and transfered all info from my old X2 and played with the new features for a couple hours before charging over night (phone was at 37%). Love the touchless controls (works way better then I thought it would) and active notifications. Speakers are very loud, free 6 month trial all access music is a plus. The camera is an upgrade over the droid X2, but still not good in low light/indoors. The camera is the only thing keeping me from giving this phone 5 stars, Video looks awesome, I streamed from youtube, netflix, and epix apps.Used this phone for full day today at 100% bright, wifi on, 4G on, no bluetooth(I don't really use bluetooth) and I am very impressed, 53% battery remaining after the folowing usage:14+ hoursScreen time: &#62;8 hoursAndroid OS: &#62;1 hoursPhone Idle: &#60;1 hourWifi: &#60; 1 hourStandby: &#60; .5 hourSystem: &#60; .5 hourVoice Call: &#60; .5 hourMediaserver: &#60; .5 hourPros:BatteryCall QualityVideoCamcorder (outside)Camera (outside)Touchless ControlsCons:Camcorder (indoors)Camera (indoors)No FM Radio (I guess this is all phones now, but I miss it!!)

Battery life is amazing.  Pretty close to stock android.  Quick updates.  I was a little worried about going back to capacitive buttons but it hasn't really bothered me.

I can't get enough of this phone. I upgraded from the Droid Bionic which I also loved. However, the battery started driving me completely crazy. Since my husband is slow at upgrading to life in the 21st century (he doesn't want email to find him!) I was the one designated to get a new phone and he gets my old one. So, this was my choice and I couldn't be happier. I really like the flash screen feature that shows you that a message has come in and when you hold down on it you can see what the message is or who it is from. That way you don't waste battery power. If you don't want to open the email or text or whatever you know just by checking out the initial screen.The new Droid Command Center is a little big but you don't have to use it and you don't have to have it on the main page if you don't want to either. I do like that each of the circles flip and have extra settings on the other side. That is extremely useful. The simple fact that the third circle shows me the battery percentage left is nice. I use that feature all of the time.

I've been a fan of Motorola since the original Moto Q device and I upgraded from the Droid Razr, so I am a fan of Motorola phones to begin with.  I love the Kevlar/Gorilla glass combo and I've never had a problem with phone damage or a broken screen.  As soon as I registered the phone and got it started it upgraded to Kit Kat, which was a big plus.  After the Razr, I am just floored with the battery life. I can't imagine any phone doing better in that category.  In just about every way the phone is an improvement to my last Moto.  My wife has the Samsung S4, and head to head, I think my Maxx is a better phone all around.  Also, I have to say that the experience purchasing on-line from Amazon (and upgrading per my current Verizon account) was such a great, easy and simple experience I don't think I'd every buy from a bricks and motor store again, and particularly, not from a Verizon store. I actually went into Verizon b/c I wanted to compare the Maxx to the HTC One and they told me there would be at least a 30 minute wait to be helped. You know it would have been hours later if I purchased from them. With Amazon, it was just a few minutes and clicks, the phone was delivered quickly and the set up was a breeze with a quick phone call.  Great experience, great phone.  So far, so good!

I got a Samsung Galaxy S4 phone with Sprint service (don't ask!) and hated both (bad phone, bad battery life, bad cell service). Sprint gave me all sorts of hassle when I tried to return it, but they eventually relented. I went to the Verizon Wireless store and bought the Droid Maxx...the clouds parted and the sun shone brightly!!!This phone is fantastic!! It's intuitively obvious to use and the battery lasts 24 hours (for me). I have WiFi just about everywhere I go. I can watch Xfinity live TV/Movies and Netflix everywhere. It sounds great; the display fidelity is amazing! It syncs up with my email. I can control the internet with my voice. This thing just blows my mind...and it even makes phone calls.

I love it. The screen is massive. The battery life is fantastic. I previously had been using a Droid Incredible (HTC) with very poor battery life after only a few hours of heavy usage and the battery would die. Using the Motorola Droid Maxx even with a heavy usage (gaming on Ingress) I can go for a whole day using it and still have over 60% battery left. With light usage it will last several days before needing a charge. I play Ingress quite a bit and that is very draining on a device because it uses GPS frequently and is very graphic intensive. With Droid Maxx I don't need to carry an extra battery booster pack like most other heavy Ingress players do with their smart devices.

I love the phone but it does not function correctly if you try to switch to anyone. Only Verizon will work.

Overall it is a good smart phone with many features many want.  I have been a Motorola Droid user since the first generation droid came out years ago.  I had them all rooted and used apps that required rooting the phone such as Titanium backup that allows you back up the entire phone.  My new Droid Maxx came with android 4.4 which appears to be unrootable thus far.  I was unable to restore all my data from the older Droid which died last week.  I will probably get a Samsung Galaxy S4 in its place.

Great battery life, and works just as advertised. I have no problems with this phone, and I recommend it to anybody looking for a nice droid with a great battery.

I've had the phone for a week. The battery is as good as they say. I only need to charge it once a day. After getting up at 8am, playing on my phone all morning and afternoon, and evening, I got in bed at 10 with 27 % battery. I then watched YouTube videos for 40 minute and still had 20+ % left.

Hi I just brought the Droid Maxx from another retailer.  I would have brought it from Amazon but there was a huge special on this from another sight. Anyway even with that I do buy a ton of stuff from Amazon and have the highest respect for them and there customer service so i would highly recommend Amazon.  I just had to do something which involved a eye to eye contact with a seller.From here on in the review was re written.  The first time I wrote the review I was complaining about the sound and the volume was low, and on hearing aid mode it was unclear.  I exchanged the phone and it seems to be much better.  Anyway on with my review.It is true the phone is not "as loud" as the other phones. I loved the phone I was willing to live with it. Yesterday however I went down to Miami Beach  and I was around a lot of noise and I actually had no problem hearing anyone. So this is not a concern anymore. The calls were clear and loud enough for me to easily hear the party on the other ear.  I did exchange a phone a few days ago (same model) which was a bit more unclear and had a bit more bass. I must say with the new phone I'm very happy even if this phone is "not as loud" as other manufactures.I also had another surprise  the Camera.  The Camera is a basic very limited camera that the user cannot adjust to conditions. I've taken pics during the day and night The picture quality is very good both day and night.  The camera noise at night is there but it's really not that bad, and at times not existent at all. In miami last night I was able to take a pic of of an awning from across  the street with low lighting around it and the camera picked  up the writing on the awning and I was able to read every letter.  As a critic I will say this Camera has some of the best automatic functioning I've ever seen. The pictures are of good quality also.  Would I like to manually adjust the camera into iso's and do my own exposure? sure I would but for an automatic adjustment this camera is excellent.  If I'm satisfied it must be great. I have owned the Lumina 928 and Droid DNA I will say  the Lumina had the best Camera the colors were real deep and really clear. and but you couldn't zoom in and out during video. The Droid DNA had a excellent still pics in clarity the color was a little off. But the biggest problem with it was the DNA focused in and out during video.  The Droid Maxx over all has accurate day time colors at night it might turn a a yellow light into a lighter one but other than that I had no issues.  I was able to zoom in and out in video mode and the camera stayed very focus. The colors are accurate maybe not as deep as a Samsung, or the Lumina 928 So my point over all the Camera is great when you combine functionality and quality. Other phones might excel is one area but then you lose it in others. Compared to what I owned I like the balance of the Droid Maxx the best.The Samsung s4 and this phone are Verizon Flagship phones. It is True the Samsung line is a lot more popular.  So Why did I pic Motorola?  I like it better. The battery life is great even after tethering, Games, Miracasting, and a lot of calling. After 15 hours with that kind of usage I still had 30% left.  The Samsung phones fall out of my hands like butter and I'm not much for cases.  The Droid maxx has a much better feel. In the Past I had an s3 and the reception was horrible, I can't speak for the S4.  The samsung in Call volume is much louder than the motorola but the Motorola is a lot clearer.  the Motorola has a great voice command over the Samsung.One thing I am a bit disappointed in  is miracast. DLNA is gone, and so is using an hdmi cable on from the phone to your TV.You can only use this phone with Miracast.  With Miracast anything that is on your phone screen will wirelessly be on the TV screen. it works but it does Lag which means it's not good for games, but like DLNA you can see pictures and now watch videos without having PC network connectivity knowledge.  Samsung has allshare. I've never seen it work but when I was in Best Buy a salesman who worked for samsung was there and he was telling me the Samsung unit (which acts like a miracast unit has no lag at all.) I cannot say if this is accurate or not.  If it is true that would be my only down fall with the moto. My personal opinion Miracast is not ready for primetime and no phone manufacturer should have discontinued the HDMI cable until miracast was better developed with no lag. so the gamers can play. I guess if I wanted to I can still build play Tick Tac Toe, use it for wheel of Fourtune, word find etc. you just can't use it for action games.  (for me stuff like need for speed, Crazy taxi etc.After having this phone for a week I'm very happy with it.  When My screen cracked on my Droid DNA I went cheap and brought a windows Lumia phone from Craigslist. I was so unhappy with the operating system (but I loved the hardware) I went and brought the Moto. I have not looked back ever since.  Is the phone perfect no but it's dam good.  It feels great in the hand, the battery life is awesome, the Camera takes very good pics, the sound quality is good, the voice command system is great to.  and Android beats windows os anytime LOL.

[updated Jul 15th 2014; OS update 21.11.21 applied -- see paragraphs marked with /// for my edits][updated Jan 27th 2014; OS update 19.5.3 applied -- see paragraphs marked with +++ for my edits][updated Nov 11th 2013; OS update 12.15.15 applied -- increased my rating to 5 stars (from 4) -- see paragraphs marked with >> for my edits]I didn't intend to buy a Droid Maxx on launch day; at least, not until a few minutes before 10am, when I read on Droid Life it would *really* be in stores that morning. I would only stop in to check it out in person. Then... it just happened. If you're like me and coming from a Samsung Galaxy Nexus, I'm betting this latest batch from Motorola caught your eye, too. I fully intended to wait for the first reviews, maybe check out the oversized Note III and HTC One Max, and see what LG was bringing to the table, but.../// The Maxx's oversized battery is only part of the attraction. My Nexus had become fickle -- I weeded out a few apps that were absolute battery hogs on that device. While I didn't expect the full two day battery life promised by Verizon, the Maxx had to be at least 2x better than the Gnex, based alone on double battery capacity. But better! After my first 100% charge, I ended my day at 7% after 16 hours off the charger, heavy "first day with a new phone" usage, 1.5 hours video, 1+ hours audio streaming, 45 minutes unplugged Nav, forum browsing & posting, futzing with apps, editing this review, Bluetooth headset use, switching between wifi and 4G about 50/50, lots of screen on time, etc. I've since repeated this with up to 23 hour days, 5-8 hours screen time, video & nav, completely off the charger. I've bumped my screen timeout to 5 minutes, and don't bother switching off WiFi or GPS. And if that's not epic enough (for me, it is), there's a "Battery Saver" slider on the settings menu -- I haven't bothered to flick that On to see what it affects. [edit 7/14 Bbattery life is much reduced; I get about a full day without plugging in, and routinely charge it when using Waze or Nav. To be fair to the phone, I'd have to nuke all apps and restore to like new condition to evaluate, because I have lots of tasks on in the background. And naturally, batteries lose capacity with use, and as they are subjected to never ending charge/discharge cycles.]Amazingly, the extra battery doesn't come at the expense of size. Held back to back, side to side, end to end, these two phones are close to identical in size. You can get the numbers from the spec sheet, but the Maxx is about 3-4 millimeters taller and wider than the Gnex, and more or less identical in thickness. According to my straight edge, the Maxx's screen even has a slight curve to it, ala the overly-hyped curved glass of the Galaxy Nexus.But it's definitely shaped differently. I ran my Gnex without a case for the past year, and I'm starting out caseless with the Maxx. I don't see it visually, but the Maxx has a "wedge" feel to it, where the top end of the phone is thicker, and it slims down towards the bottom. The top end is also heavier. What this means is that, when I'm holding it in one hand, most of that weight is concentrated on my index finger. I'd prefer it the other way around -- with that weight and thickness at the bottom -- where it's resting more on two fingers. I know, I know... we're only talking about 164g according to my scale, but the phone feels more comfortable and balanced when I hold it flipped around like that. Despite the very similar size to my old phone, the Maxx has a definite chunky feel to it, not UNcomfortable, but -less- comfortable than my previous phone.+++ My wife slipped a Diztronic TPU case onto her Maxx, and despite its slim dimensions, the phone feels bulky and unpocketable. My recommendation is to skip the case if you can.+++ If you need a quality holster for this phone and want to run caseless, and don't mind an easy do-it-yourself mod, check my review for this Sedio spring clip unit:Seidio HLSSG4AASAThe phone's back is interesting. It's not the shiny, hard plasticky finish of the Droid Ultra. Instead, it's a very lightly textured ("rubberized") but smooth finish, with the appearance of a fiber weave. This finish wraps around the bottom edges of the phone and even around the chin to the face, down by the mic. The bottom corners are all rounded, so they're somewhat comfortable -- not squared off, though not as rounded as the Galaxy Nexus. The back is smooth enough that it -does- gets smudged with fingerprints, but matte enough that they're not easily noticeable. The Verizon and Droid labels are modestly sized, and rather than bright white, are of a dark gray hue that is easy to ignore.All together it creates a package with a hefty, high-quality feel. I never minded the durable all-plastic construction of my Nexus and Samsung's Galaxy lineup -- something many reviewers and forum posters dismiss as "cheap." But the Maxx feels anything but, possibly belied by its flat slab appearance.Interrupting the smooth Kevlar wrap are the power and volume buttons -- all stacked on the right side -- that project from the device perhaps a little more than necessary, and with very square edges and textured surfaces. The buttons don't really jive with the carefully crafted, smooth-to-the-touch backside finish, but then again, there's no mistaking when my fingers are resting on them -- even lightly -- so hopefully no accidental presses./// Boot is about 1 minute 15 seconds to home screen/slide-to-unlock, but 2:25 until I get a PIN pad unlock (time in between, apps still loading and processes running) [post KitKat 4.4.4 update; original boot time was 30 seconds, which increased to 45 seconds with 12.15.15, then 55s w/ 4.4]. That's still pretty quick to phones I've owned previously, but nearly double the stock, Day 1 boot time. The busy (and noisy) Droid boot animation, followed by the default red home screen, put me off at first -- it all just feels very "angry" -- but as I'm sure you're aware, that's all easily changeable with a good selection of included live and static wallpapers (a soothing blue relaxed the feel of the phone for me; I wonder if the default aggressive red tone -- VZW's Droid branding -- turns off would be buyers at the in-store display).While looking for my next phone, I've been really intrigued by the front-firing speaker on the HTC One. My previous phone (like practically every other phone) was rear-firing, but with speaker placement at the bottom of the phone, where my hand tended to cup it and muffle the volume. Not to mention it was a pretty weak speaker. The Maxx? Surprisingly good, by comparison. The speaker is at the top of the phone, co-located with the camera. It's loud. Even when facing into my passenger seat, the Google Nav directions come through crisply. I've tried to muffle the sound with my hand, like for instance when holding the phone in landscape mode to watch a video, and it comes through loud and clear. The sound is still projecting to the rear, which means the phone is projecting away from me and toward the rest of the room that I'm facing, but it's so much improved over the Gnex that I'm now only partially envious of the HTC speaker.I recall quite a bit of forum debate over the 3.5mm audio jack placement on the Nexus -- some folks absolutely HATE the bottom placement (I, for one, was a fan). The Maxx puts that jack up on the top of the phone, where many users think is its rightful place. I suppose I'm indifferent since I tend to use bluetooth headphones when I'm out. But at home, laying in bed and catching up on some YouTube while plugged in to my charger, I've now got to contend with cords coming out of both sides of my phone.One other design niggle -- wnen using the phone on a flat surface, screen presses anywhere within a half inch of the edges causes the phone to rock. The back runs flat for a few inches from top to bottom (down the spine), but is curved side to side all the way across.Let's talk about the Super AMOLED (RGB) screen. The quality is great. Really, I'm don't feel deprived without 1080p. But, don't hate me for this, I preferred some aspects of the Galaxy Nexus Pentile (non-RGB) AMOLED better. Here's what I'm noticing with the Maxx:- whites look slightly gray, particularly in a dark room- blacks have sort of a reddish tinge to them, particularly in dark- in general, pictures look underexposed (for instance when browsing a news website)- in video playback, the black and darker areas of the screen have better overall consistency than on my Gnex (less noise)- in bright sunlight, the screen brightness can't meet the challenge (so what's new?)- but in dark rooms, it's almost as though the screen can't dim enough (but just slightly so)- the active notifications appearing on the screen aren't ever-present -- the phone needs to be jostled / disturbed for the blank screen to briefly light up and display the current notifications, BUT the phone does not need to be flipped over to activate this (a light tapping of the face-up phone causes the Active Display to light up)- >> the capacitive buttons now dim during most video playback [as up 12.15.15 update] -- nice; they were originally full bright, which was distracting in a dark setting.- there's just the slightest amount of light leak from between the screen and capacitive buttons, over the Back button -- but only noticeable in a dark room- the Maxx pixels per inch (PPI) display density works out to 296 PPI across the 5" screen. The Gnex screen was slightly smaller (4.7" -- less if you consider on-screen buttons took up some of that space), so despite it being the same resolution, would have been 316 PPI -- except for its shared-pixel Pentile display. I've seen the case made that the Pentile display dropped the effective PPI down to the 200 range. I can't say I ever took issue with that screen by Samsung, but I could see jaggies on certain websites, and those just aren't present on the Maxx -- this display, overall, appears sharper.There's going to be an adjustment period for me, no doubt, but despite some of the negatives I've listed, I don't consider any of these to be deal breakers.I mentioned the capacitive buttons. Versus the on-screen buttons found on the Moto X and Gnex, these ones are ever-present. Accessing Google Now takes a slightly paused press of the home button before swiping up, vs. the simple swipe motion (no hold) of an on-screen home button. And some older apps still call up the 3-dot menu button which takes up a whole 'nother row (a black "menu bar" across the entire bottom of the display). On phones with the virtual buttons on-screen, the main three (Back, Home, and Task) would simply make room for the skinny 3-dot -- making it all the more obscene that when it appears on the Maxx, it takes up its own row. To get around that, I can go into Settings and enable a "long press of task switcher" option. That gets rid of the wasted screen, but now I have to remember which apps use this long press to access the menu (and some apps only do this on certain screens). This should be less and less of a problem as developers update their apps, as I believe the standard for the OS v4.0 and higher is to display the menu ellipses at the top right corner of the application.+++ Speaking of OS, my phone came with Jelly Bean 4.2.2, but units shipping now ought to have KitKat 4.4 installed (or otherwise readily downloadable via an easily access "Check For Updates" selection in the Settings > About Phone > System Updates menu). If you're coming from a Gnex, KitKat is basically the same, only snappier. If you're coming from Ice Cream Sandwich or Gingerbread, I guarantee you'll be impressed with the smoothness and overall look/feel of this operating system.I'm still setting up my various apps and checking them for compatibility. I'm not going to attempt to generate a comprehensive list of what does / doesn't work, but here are some quick notes:- /// As of the 4.4.4 update, on-againg/off-again FoxFi is no longer compatible for WiFi tethering. You'll have to resort to USB tethering instead.- >>> As of 11/12/13, FoxFi is compatible for tethering. It *requires* a PIN-enabled lock screen (not pattern) due to some VPN nonsense that I admittedly don't completely understand (FoxFi was great on the Galaxy Nexus, and didn't require this)- +++ Google Wallet tap-to-pay IS supported with as of the KitKat OS -- an app I've been running on the Gnex since about week one.  Cruel irony, my purchase of the Maxx was my last Google Wallet NFC transaction before the KitKat update (Verizon clerk: "Oh, I've never seen THAT before!" as I swiped my Nexus across her payment terminal)- YouTube updated me to version 5.0, which I was not yet able to access on the Play Store from my Gnex or my TF700T tablet- Swype keyboard is working A-Ok, and pops up nearly instantly when called- +++ Nova Launcher is working A-Ok; mic icon in "persistent search bar" (shortcut to Google Now) calls up the voice recognition screen nearly instantly; [new KitKat option for transparent notification bar works as demonstrated on Nexus KitKat devices]- Sound Profile app by Corcanoe is A-Ok without any of the problems / workarounds experienced by Galaxy S4 users- The stock Android dialer app has been enhanced to allow dialing by first or last name, or partial phone number -- nothing new for users of skinned versions of Android (Touchwiz, Sense, Motoblur) or other OSs, but a feature requiring an aftermarket app for stock Nexus users; alas, no updated 4.4.4 dialer as seen on Nexus devices- +++ "OK Google Now" is quick, responsive, and  pretty awesome... but less so with a lock screen [New with KitKat: with user permission, the phone allows certain voice commands to process even if the phone is locked; actions requiring an unlock allow the user to speak the PIN code]- "Set alarm for ten a.m." used to take me directly to the stock clock app, even though I had alternate alarm applications installed. No longer; I'm now given the option to default to whichever one I choose (tested with Timely and Alarm Clock Xtreme); no such luck with "set timer for three minutes", which still just sets an alarm for whatever time is closest to 3 minutes from now- As expected, logging in with my Google credentials automatically downloaded all my apps and contacts, with the exception, oddly enough, of Facebook- Not exactly an app, but the brightness slider from the main pull-down menu is very picky, doesn't like switching back to "Auto," and times out quickly -- but works fine from Power Control widget- +++ There's a bug in the task switcher where not all open apps appear -- including the app I'm currently using (this originally was the same with the Gnex, but was changed in a recent OS update). [This seems to have been partially resolved with KitKat -- it still happens, but less frequently.]- +++ [Settings > Apps now has a dedicated "Disabled Apps" view to allow me to see all the unwanted Verizon pre-installed goodies I've exiled from my app drawer. They used to appear at the bottom of the lists.]- /// I've been using the LEEF microSD card reader for added storage; with 4.4.4 USB OTG means this reader is natively supported (using your preferred file manager such as Astro)+++ The Camera [post 12.15.15 update & post KitKat observations]: I'm now super happy with the camera. Images were always as sharp as can be expected from a cell phone, with good, natural colors. There's no longer a problem with highly contrasted scenes (original firmware couldn't handle bright backlighting, such as under a canopy of trees with a bright sky in the background). I'll continue to rely on my compact camera outfitted with anEye-Fi Mobiwhen I'm looking for best clarity and dynamic range, but the Maxx's results are definitely suitable for everyday, in-the-moment type shots. Under KitKat, Tap-To-Focus has been replaced with "Drag-To-Focus:" drag the focal bracket anywhere on the screen to set the focal point and exposure; tapping anywhere on the screen releases the shutter. Holding my finger press captures a multiple exposures at a rate of one frame per second (and displays a convenient counter), great for automatic GIF animation by the magic behind Google Plus (which I have set up to auto-upload my pics). The updated camera UI moves the mode dial to a large arc along the left edge, and utilizes that nifty "twist yer wrist" technique to pop directly into camera mode from sleep, like the Moto X (and no unlock PIN required). There's also a half-decent slo-mo video mode, which is fun for well-lit scenes of fast moving objects, or just a honey bee landing on a flower. The HDR mode is incrementally improved with OS 4.4 -- still not on par with true 3-frame HDR post-processing, but an acceptable substitute for scenes where compromised lighting would otherwise challenge these rinky-dink sensors. As of the 12.15.15 update, the camera software now appears to be updated as an app in Google Play, which ought to mean no more delays waiting for Verizon to vet the software via their "slowest in the biz" OS update process.The flash is dimmer and yellower than what I've become accustom to on my Nexus, but this is only evident when I'm using it as a flashlight. In flash-filled photos, the camera's white balance is adjusted appropriately for the non-exactly-white LED, and as long as my expectations aren't too high (i.e. subjects are within 6-10 feet of the camera and I'm not trying to light a whole room), the photos seem to be adequately focused, and in a matter of only a second or two. But don't expect you're going to freeze any poorly-lighted motion with this shooter, and expect to see a good amount of noise at full rez. This isn't a Nokia, after all!The operating system is pretty dang close to stock Android. Motorola threw some extras in there for the camera and photo sharing, plus a widget or two, and of course there's a whole bevy of Verizon bloat including NFL, MyVZW, visual voicemail, VZW nav, etc... even a caller ID service that sneakily activates, then tries to enroll the user for monthly billing. But with 32 gigs of memory on board, a little attention paid, and the ability to quarantine these apps, they're hardly a bother. The phone's interface is pure Google.In that list of apps up above, I pointedly mention the delay-free call-ups of the Swype keyboard and the Google Now microphone icon. Launching these actions had been increasingly bogged down on my Nexus, I believe due to memory management issues. Androids TRIM memory management in Android 4.4 should prevent that on this phone.+++ The "OK Google Now" voice wake (well, really, it works when the phone is already awake, too) is shaping up to be more than a gimmick. After an initial "voice training" session in a quiet place, I OK Google Now'd my phone where it sat on the passenger seat cushion. "Navigate to work" (work already being defined in my Google Now account) and, bingo, I'm hearing Google's familiar, clear directions. Same with text messages to my wife, and setting an alarm. One step closer to hands free. With KitKat, many actions such as Navigation or alarm settings can be voice-initiated without entering a PIN or Pattern unlock. If I dictate a text to my wife, after voice-composing the message and verifying the recipient, the Maxx will prompt "Say or type PIN code" before sending, for a true hands free interaction!+++ Although regarding pin/pattern unlock, the Maxx offers up a cool option (excuse me if this is old news -- new to me) to recognize trusted Bluetooth devices, and gives the option to leave the phone unlocked as long as it remains in range. Think car, smartwatch, a generic USB dongle in a home or office PC, etc. -- the phone will only lock down when it "walks away" out of signal range of one of these trusted Bluetooth devices. [However, I've deactivated this built-in feature for a paid app called SkipLock, which does the same, but with WiFi, too, and it works extremely well.]Oh... face unlock makes a reappearance, too. I actually used that a bit on the Gnex.I can't post this review without mentioning the all-important connectivity. The radios are great -- both 4G & wifi.- In my basement, where I've struggled to pull a 3G signal on the Gnex, I maintained a 4G connection on the Maxx, which allowed me to download apps (initial phone setup) while watching an HD video on YouTube- On the main floor of the house, where my signal would flip between 3G and 4G on the Gnex, the Maxx operates decidedly in 4G territory- At work, one room in the office far removed from the wifi antenna would consistently go to zero bars (yet, frustratingly, not lose it completely and therefore would not switch over to the strong 4G signal), I now have at least one wifi bar accompanied by a usable flow of data- Overall, switching between wifi and 4G on the margins seems improved vs. what I had before, though even with "ignore weak wifi connections" checked, the Maxx at times seems indecisive about switching from one to the other. If I have one wifi bar that's trickling data, and a 3-bar 4G signal available, the choice should be obvious- No problem with Bluetooth connections; I'm stoked that I now have full integration with my Ford's Sync system, with artist/track tagging from Pandora, and read-out-loud messaging with canned replies- Voice call quality overall is excellent. This is one of Motorola's strong suits, I hear. I'm impressed.Do you remember the iPhone 4's "death grip" problem? It seems that in marginal 4G areas (like that signal-quashing basement I mentioned), turning the Droid Maxx to landscape mode and holding it with both hands causes it to show a drop of 5 to 10 dBm off the signal strength meter (Settings > More > Mobile Networks > Network Type and Strength). If I'm already in the (low strength) -115 to -120 range, this results in me completely losing 3G and 4G connectivity. Releasing one hand brings the signal back to life. Where my 4G signal is strong, the signal drop is there, but my connection remains intact.I've taken GPS accuracy for granted for a few years, so I was surprised to notice the Maxx's sense of direction may be slightly off. I use Google Nav frequently, and on a couple of occasions, the Maxx seemed to think I strayed off course onto the streets vs. getting on the freeway on-ramp, or exited when I really stayed on the highway, and as such gives me a fast re-route and impossible directions. It (well, Google Nav) then quickly corrects itself. I'd chock this up to accepted errors in compacted urban driving environments, except that the Gnex, previous Garmin devices, and Ford GPS simply don't exhibit this behavior. It would only be a problem if I already screwed up and missed a turn, but this nevertheless results in confusing instructions. Though other than those relatively minor blips, location setting is fast and mostly accurate, even in many indoor settings.Another point to mention: Heat. My Galaxy Nexus often ran hot. When it did, I knew it was busy with something that was burning through the battery. This phone has run even hotter, both times in the car plugged in. The first was just downloading apps, the second was also running Nav with the screen on the whole time. But I've yet to see it run this hot outside of the car, and in fact, in the car running Nav but not plugged in, and not downloading apps, is was perfectly cool (and only lost 4% of the charge over about 20 minutes of Nav + screen-on time). So I'm guessing the heat comes from the 4G radio and processor working overtime switching cell sites, transferring data, and unpacking / installing applications, though again, this isn't the case when it's doing those same tasks sitting still in the house (and on 4G).Check back. I'm sure I'll have some more detail to add to this already too-long review as I get to know this phone, particularly with respect to battery life, application compatibility problems & successes, and more observations on the radio switching & possible "death grip" issue.But in summary, I'm sticking with my title -- this phone may have some issues here and there, and it may not be the fastest/biggest/most beautiful/polished specimen out there this late summer and fall, but in my opinion it's the first suitable contender to supersede the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, and betters that phone in a number of key areas. I have a great deal of confidence in Motorola at this time -- both in their tie to Google, and their strong affiliation with VZW. Thankfully, if you're tied to Verizon, you've suddenly got a few good choices after a long drought./// The 4.4.4 update continues with minor "polishing" and not much in the way of big features -- some supposed camera improvements, some slight bug fixes, and couple of minor UI tweaks, and the switchover to the ART runtime -- which I'm seeing is resulting in a couple of apps not running, but should result in snappier performance for those that have addressed this. What I'm not seeing yet? Device mirroring Chromcasting (none of the Droids are on the compatibility list), and an upgrade path to Android L (again, not on any lists I've seen). This continues to be a good phone, and a good buy at a discounted price. We're at that point where the device is stable and mature, but there are new options on the horizon, so although my rating stands, it's probably time to look at newer or up-and-coming phones.

Have had Iphone , HTC One, Samsung Note 11, Samsung Galaxy S 4 and this beats them all. Design and Build, Battery, Interface, Screen etc. It is feature rich and voice control and shake to activate camera is great. Also shows no smudge marks on Kevlar back and barely any on screen unlike Samsung. Battery is 3500 and will last forever. I agree with CNET on this being the highest ranked phone to date.

Ditch carrying around a spare charger and/or portable battery.Just get this Phone.The battery truly lasts.Bought this for my wife, who always filled her purse with spare power options.The screen is great at 720p.No, it is not 1080p like my 24" Monitor or my 55" TV, but again this is only a 5" screen.Color and Looks are great.My phone is 1080p and comparing the two I can't see the difference.Overall just a great phone.My wife for years was clamoring for an iPhone and this time I agreed she could get one if she chose.When she was in the store and actually held and fiddled with both, the choice was easy for her.She has no complaints and just loves it.She often now picks it up to play with instead of her Laptop or iPad.Her older smaller LTE phone she never did that when all three were available.Going from her old 4" to a nice 5" phone made all the difference in usability.And the size is not an issue, even with average sized lady hands.So no need to be a basketball player to handle it.

I had a Droid Razr and functionally, it was great. The problem was that my battery was sometimes dead within 3 - 4 hours. I had to keep it plugged in on a USB on my desktop all day while I was at work. Functionality of this Droid Maxx is just as good as the Razr but you CAN'T KILL THIS BATTERY IN A DAY! I use the phone for whatever I want all day long and I have never had the battery get to less than 20% charge by the end of the day. If you are an Android fan at all, this is the Android phone for you. Next week it will be two months that I have this phone.

Best phone I have ever had. Great call quality, clear photos, super fast processing, and amazing battery life, over 2 days!

Great Phone and great Amazon service!!!...love the battery life.

I was hesitant buying a motorola product, as I have had a couple bad experiences about 3-5 yrs ago. I was overall very happy with the phone perhaps Google did some good with the company.Pros:-Battery Life-Android Experience without heavy skins, touchwiz, etc.-Touchless controls - I can just say &#34;OK Google Now&#34; while doing dishes to call someone-Screen Resolution and Processing Power are goodCons:-Still a lot of random apps that I can't uninstall, but that's probably a Verizon thing...Overall I am very satisfied with my Droid Maxx experience.

I previously owned a Droid Razor Max and I was attracted to that by the unbelievable battery life. Quite simply, with my use, including phone, text, streaming Pandora and Google maps navigation, this phone contains a two day battery. My new Droid Maxx has just as good battery life if not better. I almost went for the Samsung note 3 with all its bells and whistles, however, my co-worker has a Samsung and one day we were working in the basement of a 6 story concrete and brick building, both with Verizon accounts. His phone rang and he answered it saying hello, hello, hello. He finally hung up disappointed he did not receive the call. His wife was trying to reach him and she new we were working together, so she called my phone. I received the call on the first ring and passed my phone to him so he could talk with his wife. All the bells and whistles are meaningless if you can't get the call. Its apparent the Droid Maxx has excellent signal reception. The feel of the phone is solid, not like cheap plastic as with some of its competitors. The new 5 &#34; screen is a delight. The speed with which it operates is excellent. The 10 megapixel camera takes beautiful pictures and I love the &#34;touch the screen anywhere&#34; feature to snap the picture. My wife had been continuously complaining about problems with her phone so I purchased another Droid Razor Maxx for her. She loves it and I have not heard a word from her since about a phone problem. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone considering a smartphone purchase.

so far no issues. what more can I say. Oh yea it's frigging expensive.I wish someone would make a waterproof case though

Great battery life, never need to re-charge it to get through a day no matter what I do with it. Much greater portion of the surface is the screen, so you get a much larger viewable area with only a slight increase in overall size over my Droid Razr Maxx.

Love this phone it's so much faster and the features are great. Easy to use. I would recommend it. I easily get two days of use on one charge.

I have had the Motorola Droid Maxx less than a month but can see that the battery life and the volume is far better than the (three) Samsung Galaxy Nexus phones that I've had in the last two years with numerous problems. I love that the Motorola Droid is &#34;American-made&#34; by and large out of Texas.  I don't like that you can only get this phone with Verizon service. My experience with my Samsung phone left such a bitter taste in my mouth, that I'm a little leary of the whole cellphone market in general but I'm hopeful that my Motorola Droid will wow me for several more years to come.

I have used a lot of different Android phones since 2009, and this is the best experience yet. After getting things set up I am really impressed with it. It really feels like a polished and premium phone experience. It isn't too heavy or thick, but feels a bit big in the hand compared to my previous Galaxy Nexus. The new Motorola features feel very well done and if I had to switch to stock again I would miss them.ScreenThe screen looks great! It is a huge improvement from my old Galaxy Nexus and it looks very hi res to me. It looks very similar to my iPad 3 with the retina display. The colors are rich and it is easy to read everything. I have seen my friends 1080 screen and I don't see any difference. The lower resolution means it runs more smoothly and it uses less battery. Great decision by Moto to go for the 720 screen. As for the size, it is plenty big. I would compare it with the HTC One or GS4.Power/SpeedI was not really expecting much after hearing that it was just a dual core processor. But after using it for a few hours I am VERY impressed. I move instantly in and out of apps, switch apps quickly, and I can still use the phone just fine even when I am updating lots of apps in the background. I have tried out the GS4 in the Verizon store a bunch and it has plenty of lag doing these things. Samsung has never put much care into optimizing Android for their phones.LooksIt has a smallish Verizon logo on the back at the bottom with no logos or other BS on the front at all. This phone is a bit bigger than my Galaxy Nexus before this and takes a bit to get used to. It just feels bigger because there is not much curve in the corners of the device like there is with the Samsung smartphones. It doesn't have that awful design from the previous models where the device isn't an actual rectangle thankfully. I would compare it in size almost exactly to the HTC One.Feel/Build QualityThe phone feels great in the hand and doesn't feel heavy at all for the size of the battery inside. In fact it feels plenty light. It is definitely lighter than my Galaxy Nexus with the extended battery (~2200 mAh) and much thinner too. The matte finish on the back is very nice and gives it a really quality feel. In the previous Droid Razr series the Kevlar back felt a bit much because it is much thicker. This new thin model has the best feel of any smartphone backing I have tried lately. I guess I am not a fan of the aluminum backing the HTC One has.ButtonsThe biggest downer I had about this phone was the built in buttons as opposed to the on screen ones. On the older apps it shows a bar at the bottom of your screen with the menu icon. Then I found out you can hide that bar at the bottom and just hold down the multitask button to see the bar. I got used to it in a snap and now am happy to have the extra screen space.AppsAs for the usual Verizon crapware, there is plenty of it on this phone. Thankfully with the disable app function I was able to kill all the ones I knew I would never use. Once I did that it was almost just like a clean phone, with the exception of a Verizon login and widget I couldn't get rid of.Active NotificationsThis is a really cool feature. I wasn't expecting much here, but I was pleasantly surprised. When it senses movement or when you get a notification it fades the pretty looking messages and fades them away after a short period of time. It is very minimalistic so you won't be bombarded with a bunch of text or icons. Because they fade in and out you won't need to worry about screen burn in. You can select what apps are allowed to use the notification system. It really feels like it is a new stock Android feature, not just a Moto specific one.Motorola ConnectThis was a hidden easter egg for me. I didn't hear anything about it until I saw it on the phone. It is a Chrome extension that allows you to send and receive text messages, view recent calls, and receive notifications all from your browser. I installed the Chrome extension and I was up and running right away. It is very polished and well done for a first version. It has a very Googleish feel to it, like it was integrated into stock Android. Now that I have used it for a month I can't live without it. I can quickly reply to texts without breaking my stride doing work.Battery LifeI am a pretty light user, but I have been really impressed with the battery life. To go over 2 days without charging with normal use and still have 44% battery life left is pretty amazing. Even on heavy usage days I have been very impressed with the battery life. I played a game for 2 hours straight and only saw a 4% hit in battery life. I downloaded over 20 gigs of music with less than a 10% hit.I have gone from always worrying about my phones battery life to not even thinking about it anymore. I feel like we have finally reached where smartphone should have been all along. It is a great feeling to not need to charge your phone much at all anymore. For my business I needed a phone where I didn't need to worry about battery anymore. This phone passed test that with flying colors!PricingI have seen a lot of talk on tech blogs that this phone is overpriced. I am not sure the logic there because the iPhone 5/5s was/is $299 for the 32GB model. The Droid Maxx is less here on Amazon and has a battery nearly twice the size. For me it is a no brainer since the Moto X is $199 with only a 16GB option on Verizon and a smaller battery.Wrap UpThis is a solid phone. I am really impressed. I would give it a solid 9/10 or even higher. This is the best Android experience I have used over the Nexus 4, GS4, HTC One, and Galaxy Nexus. If you have Verizon this is a must buy. If you are not on Verizon then just know that the Motorola X phone will be a great experience. The only downside there is the smaller battery size.

I love this phone!It's fast. Apps open with a snap and even with many apps open, it's butter smooth.It has a beautiful screen that is sharp and clear with great colors.I love the voice recognition features.The camera takes outstanding photos; at least as good as the iphone 5.It's very comfortable to hold. I was concerned that a 5&#34; phone would be too hard to use one handed, but that turns out not to be the case; I have no problem using it one handed. I love how solid it feels in my hand.Google Now is great. i know that's on all new Android phones, but I thought I'd mention it.I just returned from two weeks in Israel. My wife brought her iphone 5s and I brought my D-Maxx. I purchased a local SIM and local service for each of us. The phone accepted the Israeli SIM and worked on the local HSPA+ network without a hitch. There's no 4G LTE in Israel at this time, but the HSPA+ didn't seem any slower than the 4G LTE here (though I know it is).Both my wife and I took many photos with our phones, and my pictures were actually sharper than the pics my wife took on her iphone. That's a real credit to the Droid Max that it compares well with the iphone's camera.I loved, also, how the software would automatically upload the pictures to my Google Plus account (which I set to do in wifi only) and notify me when it was ready to share the photos. It knew what I wanted to do without my having to give it any instructions.Last but not least, the long battery life is great. I used the phone for email, games, listening to music, etc., from the time I was in the departure throughout my flights, There are many great phones out there, so it's really a matter of personal preference, but I can't recommend this phone highly enough.

720P screen, not an issue. I can't see pixels, everything is crisp and clear. Dual core processer, not an issue either. It's fast, almost instantaneous. I didn't see a difference between this, the HTC One, the G2 or the S4.I love the almost stock Android experience. BUT the ability to send/receive texts from my comp, touchless control, and active notifications are all features that put it above everything else. They are features that make everything so much easier that I couldn't understand why they're not baked into the operating system for every phone already. While other phones have things like LG's &#34;Knock Knock&#34; or the S4's &#34;Air View&#34; or whatever it is, these are things I actually use.It currently running 4.2.2 which isn't bad. Verizon has already started rolling out Android 4.4 to the Droid lineup, I just haven't received mine yet and I'm getting a little eager. The only reason is the camera. It takes excellent well-lit photos but it's the dark's that it falters. With the 4.4 update in the camera app you can utilize Exposure in the camera. It's a great solution to phones that don't take well low light photos. It works for me anyway, adding more light to any situation.And oooooh the battery life. I'm a  pretty regular user, leave sync and push notifications on all the time, have GPS and Bluetooth on all day most days, and run multiple apps pretty regularly. I leave my house at 7:30am with 99% battery, come home around 7:00pm and I will have about 65% battery or more left.One thing that I'm stuck with that will never change that I wish was different? The power/volume button layout. I'm sure there's a reason for them all being on the same side but I can't tell you how many times I repeatedly press the volume up button when really I'm pressing the Power button turning the screen off and on and then I just feel like an idiot.

Like the two reviewers ahead of me, I too am coming from the VZW Galaxy Nexus(launch day) and was not planning to upgrade at launch. As much as I loved that phone, it was time for a replacement. Over time the GNex was not able to go more than half a day without being charged and it began having signal problems. So in comes the Droid Maxx and so far it has been nothing but spectacular. Battery life and signal have been stellar. I was able to go a full day and half without having to charge it(with heavy use) and I have had no problem keeping signal. In fact, in the office I would never get a 4G signal, but with the Maxx it seems like it is always locked into 4G.Other than the great battery life and signal, this phone really packs a punch. Thanks to the X8 processor, this phone really flies and can compete with any phone on the market. No performance issues so far. Also, all the extra goodies(touchless controls, 8 cores, active display, Zap, wireless charging) that Motorola has included in the Dorid and X phones are a welcomed addition to the Android world, before long I am sure that they will be standard features on the Android OS.The build of the phone is also solid. I know many say that the current Droid's look ugly but I am a fan of the carbon fiber look, so to me the Kevlar looks great. Then again, looks are always subjectiveTo wrap it up, let's just say it's an awesome phone for anyone looking to upgrade or is just interested in having a great and reliable phone.P.S. The GNex is a developer phone so it is easy to unlock the bootloader and go crazy with it. This phone is not mod friendly. Motorola has track record for not letting you unlock the bootloader. Meaning that rooting, Custom Roms, and any additional developer hacks will not be possible. I know I will miss all of that, but fortunately, the Android OS has grown so much lately that it is good just the way it is.

My 1st smartphone barely a month old so I'm new to a lot of things, opinions about which would be pretty much useless,  however...This phone is fragile, in it's &#34;protective&#34; case the phone fell 24 inches from an armchair side table to the floor and the screen cracked.  It cracked at the edge next to the increase volume toggle button, where both the phone and case are flimsy, a poor design for a mobile device from a company such as Motorola.I found all this unsettling.  Fortunately I have insurance with Verizon and am getting a replacement for $99, after having the claim rejected online and then a long and not pleasant phone conversation.My advice, this phone should be restricted to the center of a large desk unless in a well padded transport device, or choose a different smartphone.Case was &#34;OEM VERIZON BLACK SHELL CASE BELT CLIP HOLSTER STAND FOR MOTOROLA DROID MAXX&#34;

I normally don't write reviews because I just don't have the time for this stuff but performance of this phone prompted me to jot down my thoughts.  First, I had a Samsung Galaxy Nexus which I purchased shortly after they entered the market.  The battery life of that phone was an issue for me right from the start so I purchased a larger battery for it.  But, occasionally it would get hot (antenna area) and drain the battery to zero, usually leaving me with no phone when I needed it most.  It would also lock up or freeze requiring a re-boot, but even turning the phone from vertical to horizontal when looking at a picture on the screen would cause it to freeze for a few seconds, like it was thinking about what it had to do next.  So, after two years I had enough and purchased the Maxx from Best Buy.  The other phones that I seriously considered were the HTC One, mostly because of its aluminum build, and the LG G2.  The G2 I ruled out as soon as I picked one up in a store.  I felt it had a cheap feel to it. The HTC was ruled out due to battery life.Once I started to use the phone I became even more impressed with it.  It is the little things that just make me like the phone even more.  For example, the back of this phone has a carbon fiber look to it which is nice, but even nicer is the feel of it.  It has almost a &#34;soft&#34; feel to it.  It is not sticky enough to pick the lint out of your pocket but it has enough grip that it will not slip out of your hands (a problem with the galaxy).  I love the screen.  It has worse &#34;specs&#34; than the Galaxy but for some reason it just seems to have better color and clarity.  The call strength is another ummm&#8230;strength.  I could never talk on the Nexus in the lower level of our home because it would drop the call due to our marginal cell tower coverage in this immediate area.  The Maxx is just the opposite.  It may not show any more bars on the signal strength but it hangs on to the call like no other.  I just got done with a phone call that was nearly an hour long, all the while sitting downstairs.  Just amazing.Lastly, the battery life is what makes me smile.  I used to charge my Nexus twice during the day and by the time night rolled around, it was dead.  The Maxx is incredible with its battery life. The phone will easily go a day without charging, and most times significantly more than that.  As I write this, the battery is at 14%, but it has been 1 day and 11 hours since I had it charging, and this is with pretty heavy use.  That is amazing in my book and a huge relief not to be required to look for a place to plug my phone in.Over all, I love this phone.  I seriously cannot think of anything I do not like about it.  For some, it may not appeal to them because it is not &#8220;blingy&#8221;, but I don&#8217;t need that, I want a smart phone that works, and works for a long time.  Highly recommend this phone.

PROS:It's nice being able to do whatever you want whenever you want. I literally do not care about batter anymore. i leave my GPS on Bluetooth, games running in the background whatever not plugging it in in at all by the end of the day i am lucky if i break 30%. This is extremely nice because I travel a lot and love not having to seek out and fight over charging terminals at the airport.Whatever Motorola did with the 8 core distributed processor completely fixed the lag issues that have plagued Android since it's inception. I feel 0 lag i really mean NOTHING AT ALL. i play games and N64 ROMS and this has no issues switching between apps and running in the background.the passive notifications are really cool. just tap the center of the phone and you can read the message without actually unlocking the phone.the touch and the feel of the  phone feels like nothing else out there. So happy to have no physical central button (Samsung),The phone's speaker is REALLY loud. That's both a good thing and a bad thing.Cons,The only real issue i have with it. is it's Camera. which is kind of a big one. you can tell Motorola  invested a ton of time on the 8 core processor and all the other goodies in it. but not a whole lot on the Camera. (coming from an HTC one which has an amazing camera and features!).it's slow to take pictures.focus is kind of wonky,its very much lacking in camera features.Pinch to Zoom is a real pain. you want your other hand to help stabilize the phone not have to zoom.Overall since i am not a big camera person it hasn't been a big issue and i absolutely love this phone and never worring about battery. but if you are a camera person be aware.

This phone is awesome!!! I can be on it all day long..internet, games,music, Texting. And in the evening I still have enough battery for the next day without charging it!! Amazing!!

Outstanding battery life and excellent performance.  Excellent camera.  Excellent voice recognition and Google now is amazing.  I can control almost everything with my voice.  It also feels very sturdy and well made.

The Droid MAXX is the ultimate smartphone.  Battery life is fantastic and makes it easily for 48 hours.  Great performance all the way around.

I love it. It had so many cool features and a great battery life. There has been no problems with it so far.

I just adore this phone!!I am a power user - I like to surf the web while listening to streaming music, I like to listen to my kindle books over a bluetooth headset while I have my GPS running, I like to play FIFA for hours, watch tv shows, record my bike rides and so on. This phone has the processing power, battery life, screen quality and signal reception to do all of that without skipping a beat. I also love the fact that the phone has such a professional looking subdued design; I am not a big fan of having the phone as a fashion accessory; I'm all about function.It's so simple, all people like me want is to be able to use there phones all day without having to worry about them, and yet no other phone gives you that. They either have too many gimmicks, to short a battery or other things that just get in the way of a good user experience.The cherry on top is, the extra Motorola features are not gimmicks at all - they all are excellent features that allow me to do stuff I need to do faster. Active notifications allows me to quickly determine if an alert needs to be addressed further; touch-less control lets me set alarms, reminders, and do google searches faster than I can do otherwise.The only negative about this phone is the camera. While it takes decent photos, it doesn't hold a candle to today's top tier shooters and the quick camera launch feature is gimmicky. An IPhone starts its camera faster than my MAXX does, even with the twist feature.That said - there is no other phone on the market right now I would buy (Nexus 5 seems to be the only wildcard out there). And personally, I like to be technology agnostic - I would have bought the 5S if I thought it was better for my needs.P.S: The speaker on this phone is fantastically loud. While I wouldn't recommend it for listening to music, I love playing games without having to wear headphones.

I read a lot of reviews and finally settled on the Droid Maxx because of the battery life and screen size. I'm 6 feet tall so even being a large cell phone, it fits fine in my front jean pocket. So I don't feel like I'm sacrificing portability for the size.The battery life is really nice. I mean *really* nice. The screen is vibrant and responsive. The buttons and ports are all in good locations and the phone feels good in my hand. Of course, I often use a case, so I wonder why the phones feel is so important to a lot of reviewers. I mean, don't they use a case as well? I sure wouldn't want to risk an inevitable accident without one.What else, I'm not a big photographer, but the photos I have taken turned out just fine for family photo albums and whatnot.The Motorola flavored Android OS has a lot of nice features and is highly customizable in the regular day to day usage sense. I'm not a jailbreaker so I can't speak to the l33t potential of this device, but suffice to say, I am a very happy Droid Maxx user.

Have had this phone for two weeks now - so here is the review. NOTE - see updates!Basically, if you want a phone that has massive battery life, make calls, and surf the net - get this phone, unless you have hearing problems (see below).If you need high-quality pics, get something else.Switched from Sprint to Verizon. Transfer of phone # was very easy, and almost instant. Transfer of contacts using Google account was very easy and worked without any problems.Verizon service: I checked the data coverage prior to purchasing. Supposedly I am in a a very good reception area for 4G; however, I only get 2 bars. That being said - I have not experienced dropped calls. I don't use the phone while driving through the canyons, so that has yet to be tested.Phone:The cons - the phone speaker sucks. I have the volume on max and can barely hear people. Switch to speaker phone solves the problem, but only in circumstances where you can actually use a speaker phone. If you are expecting to take amazing pics, get another device. You cannot take sunset pics (which is about 50% of my pics) - the white balance is completely off and you just get a dark shot that as of yet cannot be corrected (possibly using Photoshop, but who wants to go through that hassle just for phone-pics?)The pros - the battery life is insanely long. I have gone three days with constant use and no charging. The notices without activating is great. Camera is just ok as others have mentioned. The screen is fine. It is lower res, but not very noticeable. If you expect to watch a movie in HD, get an HD TV. The lower res screen also extends battery life, which is worth it. The phone is also fast - researching a bit, I found it this phone has one of the cleanest installations of Droid OS - helping the battery life, and also, IMO security - fewer apps auto-loading means less security holes (my former HTC / Sprint phone would load many, many apps with no way to delete.)I get the feeling the really bad reviews for this phone are for the Droid RAZR Maxx - which is completely different. Motorola is going to be kicking itself for naming a great phone similar to a flawed phone.UPDATE 1: Have now been using for a few weeks. No problems. This device is solid! I dropped the phone about four feet onto concrete - no damage! No cracked screen, no marks on the Kevlar body - and this is with no phone protector, only a screen protector. Battery life keeps impressing me - and others. The "OK Google Now" feature is very functional. Strongly recommend this phone.UPDATE 2:First, I heard Lenovo just bought the phone Motorola's phone decision. I would never have bought this phone if I knew this was a possibility. From past experience, Lenovo is the worst hardware company ever. They knowingly ship products that are defective - in my case it was a ThinkPad laptop with a bad touchpad - the same component ID# that for one year previously was found to have problems - as pointed out on their support forum - but was still being installed and shipped in new laptops.  90 days of being stalled by tech support that the hardware issue was resolved and it was the driver - then, when the return period had expired, I was notified it was indeed a hardware problem - their "fix" was replacing the touchpad - which takes 2 to 3 months!Second: The covering IMHO cannot be Kevlar. I dropped the phone again - this time while sitting - so the drop distance was about 2 feet. The "kevlar" backing chipped away where it hit the concrete. No damage to screen; however, I seriously doubt the durability of this phone.

I love the phone. I am replacing a Droid Razer. Although I had no complaints about the Razer, I think the Maxx is quite a bit better. My only complaint about the Maxx is that if you keep it in your pocket it often turns itself off. Battery life is amazing.

It is really a relief to not worry about my battery life.  I can use this phone all day on one charge.

I love my new toy!  It is more than I thought it would be- I had the first droid x and loved him until he secumed to mechanical (speaker) issues- but his memory lives on in the new Maxx

Great phone with very long battery life.  Would definitely buy again.  Also it is very durable and easy to use.

This phone is buggy and a piece of crap. I've owned it for two years and I cannot wait for my contract to end,.

The Corning Gorilla Glass 3 should be called &#34;Princess Glass zero&#34;.  The phone fell out of a lap, about 20&#34; off the floor and shattered.  It was not a hard fall.Ignoring the incredibly fragile screen, the phone works well and I would have given the phone a higher rating.

PERFECT ... Lucky that the MAXX is just what I expected it to be ... it was very hard to determine the exact product from the AMAZON description.  Also, included a USB Wall charger that I did not know I was getting.  This caused me to buy an extra charger and wasted money.  The set up with VERIZON was seamless (in person at corp. store) without any additional cost..

I am not sure what is up with this phone but it is a piece of crap and we will be returning it. We have never had trouble with a Droid before but we have always gotten them from Verizon in the past. This phone freezes and drops calls is so unreliable.

I have always used Motorola. I like its design and features.  Each time I have chosen to use a different cellular product (usually Samsung -- most recently the Galaxy S4) I have always gone back to a Motorola phone.  The battery life is exceptional for my usage needs.  I am not super tech savvy, but I believe the Droid MAXX is a sound functional product.

Went from a basic phone to my first Smart Phone.  Did a ton of research before purchasing, got down to three and ended up picking the Motorola Droid Maxx.  The memory and battery life sold me, not to mention the size of the screen, which compared to my old basic touch phone is awesome.  The quality of this phone is outstanding.  Not to mention Amazon Free 2-day shipping, along with the best price around on this phone.

This is one of the fastest phones I've ever owned! It loads youtube in a split second, as well as other videos on news sites. I've become so accustomed to waiting for it to load, it's always a pleasant surprise.The 10 megapixel camera takes some really nice, crisp and photos. I had a droid bionic that also has a 10 megapixel camera, but the photo quality was especially grainy. The shutter speed quick; lovely photos. :-)The battery life is also great! I had vz navigator running in the background and had Pandora playing as well. I f I did this with my old phone, the vz navigator would have sucked the like out of the battery.If you're looking to try this phone, I'm sure you won't be disappointed and it's a beautiful, light-weight phone too.

I would say it's realistic to expect at a minimum 24 hours of battery life under heavy usage, with up to 50 hours of battery life if you're using it less. Last night it had about 18% battery power left after going about 40ish hours without a charge.Beyond that, everything about the phone seems pretty darn fast. I will admit I upgrade to this from a s***ty droid 3, so I guess anything would seem fast in comparison.In addition, the newest version of the android operating system is vastly superior to the earlier version I had on my phone. It's faster, easier to use, and pretty.Screen on the phone is great, very large, good quality.I'll add a bit more...battery life is still great after a couple weeks.I am really enjoying the "active notifications" that show up on screen, instead of a flashing LED. Active notifications are black and white icons that fade on and off the screen indicating what type of notification you have pending (a black & white GMAIL icon shows up for new email, there's a text icon, facebook). The notification shows up in the same part of the screen as the unlock button normally would. When you touch on a notification, it previews the message at the top; you can then go directly to the message by swiping straight up to unlock the phone and go immediately to the notification; or you can swipe down and just unlock the phone like normal.  The previews are really helpful, as they often let me get enough of the message without unlocking the phone. The phone also seems to know when you've picked it up or pulled it out of your pocket and will display the notifications' icons immediately.I also enjoy that I can flip through music playing on my phone without unlocking it.Finally, I would add the phone construction is great. Kevlar back makes the phone feel durable, without being slippery or heavy. It's a very thin phone, which impressive considering its battery power.

I purchased my Droid MAXX through Amazon because it was much less expensive than buying it from Verizon. The online change-over process was flawless. The phone has exceeded all expectations for quality and performance. The battery life is as advertised. I get 48 hours of battery life between charges.

I could have updated my phone to a comparable phone for free but I wanted a battery that would last longer. My Motorola RAZR was great while it lasted but the battery would not hold up all day if I used it much at all. I went home after a full day at work and still had over 70% showing on the icon. I love Motorola phones. They usually have the best reception and are built to last.

Best phone I have ever had. Hands down!!!!Don't even think about getting a iPhone. See every thing a iPhone will do a droid will do better exp. a droid maxx.

It seams that as phones add features that they take away good ones. Out of the Maxx line the Razer Maxx had Favorite Apps, A-Z contact scroll and a few other features. People want less work, I love the Google Now but why can't I organize my apps and do quick contact scrolls? Still a better choice on today's market.

I chose this phone based on CNET reviews and I'm really happy I did.  There's a lot of battery life and a lot of storage.  I am still learning all that it can do and that keeps me interested and makes me excited when I discover yet another cool app that does something I never realized I can't live without. I love audible.com while driving and listening to books. I love having the weather info right there.  I love how I can use google maps gps and listen to a book and receive a phone call all at the same time.  it cuts out the book to allow the phone call but still chimes in with the gps when you have to make a turn.  it knows how to prioritize.... it has a really good camera too with cool features I'm still learning about.  Getting the for it was smart too... water resistant shock proof case.

Delivered as promised. Although there was a slight learning curve to getting use to the different functionality of this version of Droid through Verizon (I switched from an AT&T HTC android phone), I'm very satisfied. Really enjoying the longer battery life and the increase in audio volume, compared to the HTC vivid I had been using.

I recently upgraded from the Galaxy Nexus (GN) on Verizon to the Droid Maxx. I have to say, this has been the most dramatic upgrade since I switch to my first smartphone (Droid Eris) - particularly from a usability standpoint. I loved my GN because it had a ton of great features and offered a clean / stock user experience - it was a very functional phone. I hated my GN because it was sooo power hungry and because it was more and more buggy over time. The Maxx is an upgrade in every sense - except I do miss some of the formatting changes in Android 4.3 that are not in the Maxx. I think the improvements, both in terms of hardware and Moto Droid software, are dramatically enough to over come this one minus.Pros:> Battery! Wow, can't say enough good things about the battery. I am a mid-to-high power user, my GN was lasting about 4-6 hours per charge before. So I had chargers everywhere, a back-up external battery (2 full charge capacity), and extra battery. Some travel days I would go through the entire battery, the back-up and the second back-up charge. It was extremely frustrating. I can make it through two typical days now. Not quite 48 hours (average), maybe 40 hours. That said, I have gone almost three days on low use days. Overnight I loose about 6% battery life this is about 1% battery loss per hour in idle. I am not using any third party power save apps or features. 4G/Wifi always on.> Love the shape/feel. I do not feel like this phone is larger/heavier than the GN. Build quality is much improved.> Snappy performance - very satisfied with the memory/processor and software> Screen is a great upgrade from 4.65" pentile to 5" RGB. Also, I find the screen brightness much better - I typically only have to go to 60-80% when outdoors, vs. still not being able to see the screen at 100% with the GN. I don't feel like I am missing anything in not having a 1080p screen - I tested this phone along with several 1080p phones at Verizon for weeks before selecting the Maxx - I never really saw a difference on these smaller screens. Sure, a TV is one thing, 5" screen, not so much.> I love the ActiveDisplay - although you do have to get used to not pressing the screen.> Voice Activation: "Ok Google Now" works to launch the Google Now search feature. This is a handy feature at times, but honestly, I thought I would use this much more than I do. The issue is the lock screen - it gets in the way of using the feature. You say "Ok Google Now" but you have to still swipe to unlock before you can get the information. Notably, you do not have to pause your question - the phone does remember you command even it it can not unlock to provide the result.> Camera is a huge improvement to the GN. Camera comparisons to some of the other smartphone has not shown the Moto phones to excel at image quality, but I do have to say in terms of improvement from where I was - this is fantastic. I particularly like the double twist camerra launch. Next to ActiveDisplay this is probably my most used new software feature. Notably, you do not have to unlock to use the camera, but you do have to unlock for any editing or to review past pictures.> Radio signals seem to be at the same, if not better level than the GN. I feel like the WiFi might be a bit better. Call quality is much improved, particular on the loudness aspect. Also, I have not noticed the Maxx to run as hot as the GN. I used to have an issue holding the GN if the screen was on too long or a call ran long - this is not an issue anymore.Cons:> Active Display does not work well manually when in the car. My car does not have a clock that illuminates - so it would have been nice to be able to nudge the phone to get the time, but do to the car vibrations the active display does not seem to work. I still get notifications for text and email while driving though - so I do not think it is deactivated. Also, in order to use MotoAssist for "Driving" mode you have to enabel GPS (and I do not).> Captive buttons: These are the ever present (but still touch screen) buttons on the bottom of the phone. Android has been moving away from these for years and the GN did not have them. I have to say I preferred not having the buttons, but it is not an issue launching Google Now by any means, especially since you can just say "Ok Google Now".

Like the first reviewer here on Amazon, I was moving from the Samsung Galaxy Nexus to...something with a battery that lasted more than 8 hours.  Overall, I liked the GNex, but I had gotten to the point where I had to charge the phone mid-day even if I hadn't taken the "darn" thing out of my pocket.  And sometimes it got HOT in my pocket, again even though I hadn't pushed a single button.  I had a total of four batteries for the phone because if I was traveling, I could easily go through three in a day.I had not intended to pick up Droid Maxx on release day.  I figured I would wait and see what the reviews were like, but I stopped by the store anyway to check it out.  And I was hooked.  BTW, Motorola Migrate is awesome.  It would be even better if it also put on the same apps you had on the old phone, but moving my pictures and music with my contacts was a big bonus.Battery was issue #1 and I knew that it couldn't get much better.  My wife has the iPhone 4S and both my boys have Droid Razr Maxx phones.  All those phones are pretty good when it comes to battery life.  I hate the iPhone because I don't find it easy to use and Siri is an idiot compared to Google.Anyway, I immediately went on a trip to Washington DC with the new phone and despite HEAVY usage pretty much all day long, I still had 32% battery at the end of that first long day (it is my work station on the road).  The next two days were even better since I wasn't downloading so many apps. BTW, the Moto rep was in the store when I got the phone and talking to both the rep and the technical specialist, they twisted my arm to get the wireless charger.  I don't think I will ever go back.  It is supposed to be the best charging method and you don't have wear and tear on the charging port.  It is really sweet!I love the screen.  Despite the fact that phone is nearly the same size as my GNex, the screen is larger.  It is clear and I don't have any issue with the colors.  I let the phone auto-adjust the screen brightness to save battery and it works well.  I am not a screen purist, so others may disagree.We routinely spend weekends in a area that ranges between one bar of 3G down to no reception.  My GNex would be dead in about three hours while it struggled to get a signal.  The Maxx had 62% battery at the end of the long day.Signal reception is excellent.  Like I said in our trip to the sticks, the other phones in our party had little or no signal.  The Maxx had better reception than all other phones. The GNex always had a very weak signal (often zero G) in my office, while the Maxx has three bars of 4G.Call quality has been excellent.  There is a tiny bit of hiss when the other party is talking, but otherwise there is no background noise at all.  I've not got the best hearing in the world, but I can hear the other party quite well.The final battery test was at work. If I had minimal phone use during the day, my GNex would be at 10% battery by 7pm, sometimes less (even with a higher capacity battery I purchased at Amazon).  After a full day at work, the Maxx was at 82% battery.  That sealed the deal for me!

Had this about 6 weeks now, previously had an Incredible 2.  Don't want to go into ton of detail, there are great reviews here that really analyze everything about this phone, and I would mostly echo those very favorable reviews.  I'm never been a huge "phone guy" and didn't need to have the biggest and best everything.  But my biggest issue with smartphones has always been poor battery life.  They can pretty much all do amazing things, but no matter what a phone can do, what good is it if you have to worry about making it through a busy day, or "ration" out your phone use to stretch battery life?  Sure, usually you can plug in somewhere for awhile to get a bump and make it through, but why should you have to worry about that?  This phone really eliminates any of those concerns.  Admittedly, I am a fairly light user - checking email and texting throughout the day, checking a few news sites, maybe some GPS or searching or music, etc.  I never watch movies or play games on it, so not a lot of big battery drains.  But I've been going 3 full work days between charges - like take it off charger at 7AM Mon, and by Wed bedtime be down to around 5%, so plug it in overnight.  That's like 60+ hours.  Again, that's light use, I'm sure most people won't get that.  But that's still amazing, and even when I am using it a lot I can easily go two full days and probably have 15-20% left.  No matter how busy my day is and how much I'm using it, I never have to worry about running out of juice.  I don't have to carry a charger with me, or think "let's see, I'll be at my desk for lunch so if I give it a bump then I can probably make it through the afternoon...."  Aside from all the other amazing things this phone does, the battery alone is a gamechanger, really liberating.  I think if more people experienced this, they would dump whatever phone they are using now and grab a Maxx.The Active Notifications is really cool.  Seemed a little gimmicky at first, but I love it now.  It will alert you with a little fade in, fade out message when you have email or text, and you can preview it to see if you need to check it now or it can wait, without having to power up whole phone.  Nifty little way to save some of that battery.Motorola Assist is great, although takes a little getting used to.  The phone knows when I'm driving.  It will be in my pocket, and say "Text from Alison, read or ignore?"  I say "read" and it reads me the text.  I believe I can also respond or send texts verbally, but haven't tried that."OK Google Now" seems to work great, although I haven't done anything too complex with it.  Voice recognition is amazingly accurate, probably like 95%.  Very rare I have to correct it or retry.  You have to learn how to phrase questions and what keywords to use, but you can't expect any phone to completely read your mind.A lot of people complain about the camera.  I don't know, it seems fine to me, but I've never expected my phone to be an awesome camera.  I'm probably one of those people that will always have an actual camera for anything important - if I'm going to the Grand Canyon I will take a real camera and not expect my phone to do it justice.  A phone camera for me is always for snapshot, spontaneous stuff.  The camera on this phone is perfectly fine for me for meeting those needs, but if you expect your phone to take gallery-quality photos, you might not be completely happy with it.  Oh, but the "twist on" feature is really cool.  If I want to catch a quick shot, I can give the phone this little twist as I am pulling it out of my pocket, and the camera is open and ready to go by the time I get it up to my face.  Any other phone, you have to get the thing out, then look for the camera icon, tap that, wait for it to open... This feature just saves you that couple seconds that might make the difference between getting the shot or not.  I was doing the little movement wrong when I first got it, and couldn't get the camera to open.  I had the girl at Verizon store show me, and since then it's worked fine everytime, I was just holding the phone wrong when I twisted it.Build quality is awesome, phone has just enough heft to feel solid without being too heavy.  Kevlar back feels great, I hate those slippery smooth fingerprint magnet surfaces on so many other phones.  Even though this is supposed to be a very rugged phone, I've kept a nice Incipio case and screen protector on mine since I got it.  It may not "need" it but I like the extra protection, why take a chance with damaging it?  The case adds a nice little contour and a little more grip to it, while still being very thin and sleek.The size is perfect for me.  It's a little bigger all around than my previous Incredible 2, it's got 5" screen vs 4" although overall dimensions are probably only about 1/2" bigger all around.  I was worried about it being too big to comfortably use with one hand.  It did take a little getting used to and sometimes I do have to really stretch a thumb or shift it a little in my hand, but overall I feel the larger screen is well worth it.  Big enough to make everything a little easier, without being too big to comfortably slip in/out of a pocket.I know the Maxx's specs on paper may not look as good as some of the competitors, but I seriously doubt any human could tell the difference in the real world.  Screen looks great and everything is super fast.  Don't get hung up on lab benchmarks and specs; think about how you really use a phone and what improves day-to-day functionality.  Seems like a lot of hot new phones out there like Samsung and Apple compete to come up with the latest "gee whiz" features for people to ooh and ahh over, but seriously how useful and practical are things like eyeball tracking or thumbprint ID?  To me, they seem like they would just get more in the way of how most people really use a phone, and are just more time and hassle to figure out how to work with.  Motorola has come up with great phones that have practical, usable features that just make a smartphone that much more of an enhancement to your life, without getting in the way.  I honestly don't understand why the Maxx and the other new Moto phones are not taking more share from Apple and Samsung.  I think Apple just has such "cachet" (Ooooh, it's APPLE, it must be the best!) and Samsung has big flashy screens, that people are overlooking an option like Motorola that is just quietly doing almost everything better.  Moto needs to step up its marketing or something, because this phone really should be changing the dynamic much more than it has.Oh, and BTW, I got my Maxx for $12.50 on Amazon in early December.  Yes, I had to start up another stupid Verizon contract which I hated to do, but for that price I figured it was worth it.  I had been watching price fluctuate a lot on here leading up to Xmas, varying from like $199 to $39.99, and I finally pulled the trigger one day when it hit $39.99.  Thought that was great, but the next week I noticed it had dropped to $12.50.  Well, did you know Amazon will price match itself, up to I think 30 days from purchase?  So I emailed them and yep, they promptly refunded the difference so it ended up only costing me $12.50.  Go Amazon!  So if you are looking at this, take some time and monitor the price for awhile, you might get a real steal.

love the battery life. i only charge it every other or every third night.i wish there was a way to rate it 4 1/2 stars. losing 1/2 stars for not having a micro sd slot.the only other issue i have had. it is tough to find cases for it locally. amazon to the rescue.

We upgraded our smart phones a few weeks ago. I had an HTC Thunderbolt which was slow and really only useful with the thick and heavy extended battery, and my wife had a Galaxy Nexus which was just terrible.We went with the Motorola Droid Maxx, introduced last summer. On paper it's less advanced than its most popular competitors (Galaxy S4, LG G2, HTC One) but in real world use its phone and data radios are excellent, and so are its phone call quality and Internet speed. The screen is "only" 720p HD, but I'm not sure how much difference 1080p will make on a 5-inch screen. Videos are clear and crisp, with rich colors, deep blacks, and a wide viewing angle.The phone came with Android 4.4 (KitKat), which is an upgrade that occurred since the phone's release. It's not quite stock Android, but it has no overlay and much less bloatware than its competitors.Best of all, its battery life is outstanding between its 3,500mAh battery and power-saving routines. Right now I'm a fairly light user (the Thunderbolt's slow speed had a way of discouraging 4G use) but I last charged it the night of 3/15, it's been on around the clock, and as of mid-day 3/24 the battery is still at 20%. My wife is a heavier user as she's into some online video games, and I think she's charged her phone 4 times. The battery is not replaceable, but with that much power it's a non-issue.NOTE: I take steps to preserve battery life, like leaving Data and Wi-Fi radios turned off when I'm not using them, only using one or the other, blanking the screen manually instead of waiting for it to blank itself, etc. These are hard-learned tricks from owning a Thunderbolt with its stock battery.Hands-on, the Droid Maxx feels good. It's heavy compared to its direct competitors, but it's slim, the Kevlar back has a nice grippy feel, the case is rigid, and the touch screen is responsive and smooth as silk.The main camera is very good, turning in crisp and clear pictures and operating well in low light even without the flash. The camera app doesn't allow changing the picture resolution, but that can be altered with the Gallery app. The front-facing camera is decent enough for selfies, if you're into that.Motorola specs Gorilla Glass for this phone, but we got screen protectors anyway. The phone has built-in cordless charging, but we haven't bought the charging pad, and I'm not sure we will. We have not tried the Touchless Control yet; I'll need to report on that later.The Droid Maxx does not have a micro SD card slot, so memory can't be extended, but I never came anywhere near using the 32gb on my Thunderbolt (I don't even have that much on my tablet, which has a lot more videos) so this isn't an issue for me.My only real complaint is that the AMOLED screen can't be made bright enough to be seen easily in daylight. It's visible, but a little more boost would be useful.Overall, however, I'm very happy with this phone and recommend it highly.

I've tried the competition this phone I feel like it gets to know me in a way that the right information is displayed at the right time its unlike any other phone out there as in it is truly a smart phone, the battery is unlike any other phone out there. I will rate it the x8 computing system works very well with the host of all its internal sensors if I could give it 6 stars I would

excellent PHONE NO REGRETS BATTERY LIFE IS EXCEPTIONAL , SWITCHED FROM THE HTC THUNDERBOLT AND THERE IS NO COMPARISION BETWEEN THE TWO.

so far so good, build quality, signal and call reception, speakers,battery life, screen, UI, all  outstanding. Camera still overexposes light even with recent moto camera update  BUT MUCH MUCH improved for those of us who suffered through the horrible night shot experiences of previous droids. I take a lot of photos and Im happy with shots Ive taken with this phone, so many photo apps  out there these days so if you don't like the shot just process it with an app and voila.Still behooves me why anyone would pay twice as much buying this or any phone through their carriers. My carrier VZ or big red(should call em big green) wants twice as much for this phone as AMZN does, same phone and don't let carriers tell you(like VZ told me) that AMZN phones are refurbished. They aren't, they just don't charge as much as carriers do for the same product.

can this be used with other sim if without openline, or considered unlocked? coz im planning to get this one but he worries and thoughts is that i might not use other sim if im abroad

I love this phone. I mean, I really love this phone. Easy to use, very thin, great battery life, great reception, fast Internet, super great photos, fabulous voice interface. This is the best phone I've had so far!

You simply can't beat the quality and battery life of this phone. Two areas where most phones have totally failed in. This is my second DROID MAXX phone and I will probably be buying the next version also.

If you don't like a big bulky phone don't get it ! I like it because of the big screen and I'm a little clumsy with small things like an iphone 5, so the size of this phone is great for me.Seems like it runs multiple apps without a problem and without getting &#34;hot&#34;. I ran gps/iheart radio/phone calls and text at the same time and no problem at all and pretty fast too.After the first charge I ran a lot of apps, streamed some videos, surfed the web for hours and at the end of the day I still had about 15% battery life left which is pretty good.After the second charge I just used it like I normally would (please mind I'm not a power user!) just some surfing, phone calls and texting and a small youtube video here and there and after 2 days, 4 hours and 41sec.(lol) I still have 25% battery life left!!! amazing!The only reason I can't give it a 5 start rating is because time has to tell if the battery is gonna keep up or not. Other then that I'm very happy with this phone.So if you are like me you will enjoy this phone and even if you are a power user you will be pretty happy.

In late April 2014 I bought a Droid Maxx because my top priority with a new phone was battery life.  I 've had 2 other Motorola's among my 6-7 total cell phones (replace ever two years), and they have previously stood out as pieces of crap.  I was extremely happy with my last Samsung Galaxy.  So, against my own hesitation (because of nothing but bad experiences with Motorola phones) I got the Maxx.....I figured I'd give Motorola another shot.  Within 4 weeks the screen cracked...WHILE IN MY POCKET !  Now, I understand the reason; it likely had some slight tension put on it maybe while i was getting in or out of my car, but for the record, My Galaxy screen never cracked in 3 years, and that included a couple 'oops' drops on the floor.  I've had an Iphone for work for 5 years as well and never had the screen crack.  Both these devices are ALWAYS in my pocket.  To me this was practically unacceptable as a 'defect' or an inferior product.  But, whatever, went through the Verizon insurance process ($100) and got a brand new Maxx.  Less than 3 weeks later, (Now with a Otter Box cover which I've never needed) while using the phone, the screen froze.  Not because of damage, just simply froze.  Internal problem.  Upon hard reset, the screen does not work.  Sound works, etc. but just a full screen of pixels kinda like t.v. static.  Back to Verizon again, and 2nd weekend out of the last 4 without a phone.  At least this time the phone will be replaced free by the insurance company.Notice a pattern here?  So, in 2! months I've had this Droid Maxx break 2 completely different ways with absolute NORMAL use.  PLEASE take my advise and avoid this and all Motorola products.  I am a very reasonable man with very little to complain about regarding products.  But I feel so wronged by this product that I had to voice my opinion.

This is an amazing phone. The battery life is awesome. My last phone would die after 3 hours....this phone will go all day and even into the next. That's using it a lot too. I would have given it 5 stars but the camera is horrible. My pics almost always come out foggy and there are no options like the indoor, sports, etc. You can't control any of it and me using my camera all the time makes it really stinky. My other issue is that its hard to hear people, even at the highest volume setting I have trouble hearing people talking. But because of the battery life I will deal with those issues.

I upgraded to this phone from the Droid Razr Maxx because my old phone would constantly freeze and operate slowly. I'm somewhat of a power user and I had reached the limits of the Razr. Lucky me this new Droid just came out and it fits my needs perfectly. It's powerful processor operates smoothly and effortlessly. I'm constantly on my phone playing games, surfing the Web, or watching movies, and I can still get over a full days use out of 1 charge. This is the number one reason why I love the Maxx phones...battery life is awesome! The screen is beautiful. One feature I really like is that the phone detects my Samsung smart TV and can display movies, videos, or even you tube to the TV. The voice recognition features also work better on this faster phone. All in all I am in love with this phone and have not found one feature that I'm totally disappointed with. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who wants a powerful phone with excellent battery life. Only con would be that the camera could be a little better. But is still pretty good.

Excellent phone. Advanced features.HDR photos come out great, and it comes up quick with the "shake to camera" feature. Nice videos as well with slow motion.Battery is excellent, of course.I don't like the default keyboard, but Swiftkey is an easy replacement for that.Storage: 32GB is what I needed.

OK, so maybe I'm still in the honeymoon phase with this phone but I truly love it. I needed to replace my Galaxy Nexus as battery life was terrible (a common complaint with that phone), and it would take forever for the browser to work which was frustrating when I needed to quickly look something up. I was going back and forth between the LG G2 and this phone and ended up going with the Maxx because (a) I heard the battery life was fantastic, and (b) it was very close to a pure Android 4.2 experience as compared to the bloat-filled G2. I've had the Maxx for a couple of days now and it is 100% better than the Nexus. The 5&#34; screen is noticeably larger than the Nexus which is great for viewing websites, it feels very solid with a non-smudge Kevlar back, and...and...the battery life is awesome! I played 18 holes today using a golf GPS app and after 18 holes the phone was at 72%. With the Nexus I would usually run out of battery life (or come very close to) before my round was over.The phone is 720p instead of 1080p, it doesn't use the Snapdragon 800, and I've heard that the camera isn't the best, but the screen and speed are both fantastic to me. As I've only had the phone for a couple of days I'll be sure to update this review if I encounter any significant negatives.

Ok Google Now has been good. One slight blemish is that I needed to download an update from the Play Store to get the voice recoding working. If it is too hard to fix on the already made phones, they could've at least let me know during my purchase or a simple note in the packaging so I didn't have to poke around to find out why such prominent selling point of the phone wasn't working,The twist of the wrist to turn on the camera feature is extremely handy and has been working reliably despite complaints from some reviews.Battery is absolutely amazing.Active assist has worked brilliantly when I was driving.Camera quality has not been a problem to me even though the software update is still upcoming.Very glad to have picked up the phone from Verizon after it dropped to $199. Can't see there is any better phone out there at this now reasonable price.

Good phone with excellent battery life. Will actually get 2 days from a charge with moderate use. Only shortcoming in 2 weeks of use has been sleep timing , set at factory, will not reset to longer time.Good value through Amazon. Would recommend to a friend.

The best phone I have ever had.  Love every feature (especially the quick active gesture for the camera, and Okay Google Now app.  Blazingly fast app loading/switching.  Very well made, land confortable to handle.

So far I like everything about the Droid MAXX.  Most impressive was the ease at which all the data and apps moved from my previous Droid X and the battery that only needs to be recharged every three days.  I activated the phone myself.  This was the first time I'd ever activated a phone and was ready to have difficulty moving the data.  The phone came with simple instructions and the phone had a Motorola Migration app that got the job done quickly and accurately.  The only fear I have with this phone is that the user is unable to replace the battery.  I don't yet know what I'll have to go through in a year or two when the battery begins wearing out.

Love the phone. Battery is amazing. Google Now is very useful. There is nothing about the phone i dont like.

The Droid Maxx is by far the best smarphone that I have ever used. I use touchless control, active display, and the twist camera feature constantly and they all work wonderfully. I really have to give props to Google and Motorola for designing such a perfect smartphone.The battery life will blow you away. It says that it will last about 48 hours and this is true with normal use. I tested the battery under heavy use which included using navigation, streaming videos from netflix and playing games and just constantly having the screen on and it lasted about 38 hours. That is truly amazing!!For those of you worried about it not having the latest and greatest quad core processor, you do not need to worry. I have not experienced any lag and have played some of the most demanding games like The Dark Knight without a hitch. Also the 720p screen looks beautiful. If you want a true smartphone then the Droid Maxx is what you need.

The 32gb phone is nice and my son likes it.  However, there is no micro SD card slot to add storage.  Also, there are no acceptable home or car docks.  Motorola doesn't provide any for this phone, and left it to Griffin to come up with some poorly designed generic docks that are of very poor design and quality.  As to the phone, it otherwise seems well made and designed, but the lack of viable accessories means I can't buy 2 more for my wife and I.

I'd been putting off upgrading my phone for quite some time. I jumped from the Razr M to this and WOW, what a difference, You can really see the Google influence. The phone is sharp, easy to hear, and durable. It's also lightening fast. The voice features are amazing, for most activities I don't need to touch the phone. Like every phone, it's got some quirks. The QI charging is a bit off and trying to position the phone JUST right on my charging pad can be tricky. But overall, I'm very happy.

There are plenty of novella-length reviews below if you need 'em, but for my very first smartphone (yeah, I know, I know--welcome to the 21st century), I couldn't ask for anything more. I use the double-wrist-flip camera feature all the time, never have to worry about battery, and say, &#34;OK, Google Now&#34; way more than any sane person should. Frankly, I like this thing so much, my wife's beginning to regret buying it for me.

Hot and steamy. Long battery life. I cannot imagine something much better but of course expect to be surprised again 2 years down the road. Small glitch with the screen disappearing when I try to type on the on-screen keyboard. Maybe this can be fixed with the settings.

Like I said, I can get 2 days of battery life out of the phone. It is a very solid phone in all respects, so long as you do not need to root or feel like installing custom roms. There are no custom roms available because the bootloader is locked. You can't currently root the device on 4.4. There is currently $1000 code bounty on rooting/unlocking the bootloader. If your phone comes with 4.2 you can jump through some hoops before you upgrade to 4.4 but if you screw it up, you will end up with a phone that endlessly boot cycles.All in all, it is a pretty awesome phone. I just wish there was a development community and an ability to root it.

I was comparing this phone with LG G2, the G2's bluetooth doesn't work very well as my old iphone 4S.But this phone is the same, the phone and car will ring at the same time with different ringer tone if someone call me while I am driving.the touchless &#34;OK google Now&#34; works, but it's not that amazing as Apple Siri.  It's limited.After comparing, I finally decide to return this phone and keep LG G2, at least G2 has a better screen and camera.

No, it's not the fastest.  Not it's not the prettiest.  What it IS, is the the best d***** phone you can buy.  It doesn't really need a case so you can hold the thing - the rubberized coating sees to that.  The screen is nice, bright and sharp.  The sound is amazing, but of course it is - this is a Motorola.  Size is good.  Shape is comfortable.  Radios are superb..  The battery will not die on you after a day.  It runs every game I throw at it.  It's an understated, classy, powerful hand computer/phone/communicator for those of us who are not kids and who need something that is GOING to work and work well, every time you pick it up - even after a hard days use.  Buy it.  The others may have flashy specs or gimmick apps, but this is the best phone you can buy.  Yes, I have tried them and I am in the process of returning an M8 and keeping this.  The Maxx is just a better phone than the M8.

These phones are great - I had the iphone 5 before - but because of all the Apple updates that limit the phone, I needed something new. This is so much better! Works great with my car, there's enough player in the droid market when you don't have to worry about them monopolizing it.The phone is very easy to use, although I would recommend an app killer.The battery life is great, lasts 2 days depending the on the usage. And it's a tough phone, not the flimsy plastic of the S4.

I like this Droid Maxx. Long battery life, but it will eat it up if not using a kill app.  Still things I am learning about this phone..

I was torn on this phone or the Moto X.  But since Moto Maker was not available on the X on Verizon at time of purchase, I went with the Maxx.  I was also considering the HTC One, but after reading so many positive reviews on this, I was sold.  There are so many features that are available on the Maxx that are not available on the other high end phone that are not gimicky features.Pros:-Active Notifications, can't live without this.  Why didn't anybody think of this?-Always listening "OK GOOGLE NOW",-Battery life the best in the business.  Verizon claims 48 hrs, I got about 24 hrs of heavy usage. No other phone even comes close.-This phone has buttery smooth interface.  So I guess quad cores are overrated.  Had this phone almost 2 months & it has not frozen or re-booted on me yet.-Build quality is the best in the business.  Kevlar backing is as premium as it gets & the phone just looks & feels like it put together perfect.-Speaker is loud & clear-Quick action camera with twist of the wrist twice is very conveinent (Twisting it 3X always works for me)-Motorola Migrate.  Allowing you to transfer all your storage on your old phone to the new phone.  Simple as downloading the app on your old phone.-Motorola Connect.  It alerts you when you have a text or call on your computer running Google Chrome.Cons:-Screen is only 720 & not 1080 like most high end phones, but to tell the truth I can't tell the difference.-Subpar camera-No removable battery or storage, but I think most are heading towards this direction.-High price $300 on contract-exclusive only on Verizon.  Getting really tired of Verizon!

This phone integrates elements designed by Google/Motorola and Verizon. I can definitely see which company has its act together and which does not. (hint: VZW should stick to building networks)+ Battery life is truly amazing, and is actually as advertised. 2 days without recharging. Moto has done really well.  This is by FAR the biggest selling point of the phone - and it's a very important one. It's as transformative to the phone's usefulness as broadband was to computers.+ The wifi and LTE radios are much better than my wife's iPhone 5.  Cleaner switching between multiple 2.4G and 5G access points throughout the house, and better rural LTE reception. Also amazingly, the LTE radio doesn't drain the battery at the pace other phones seem to experience.+ The 720p AMOLED screen is great, contrary to what others say. I can't see pixels on even the smallest text. It's bright enough in daylight, and can go to a blacker black than others I've owned.+ The ROM is pretty close to stock, with the exception of Verizon stuff (see below).+ The voice control is wonderful. I can say "OK google now, play a song by Adele", even in the presence of background car noise while driving, and without touching a thing it'll start Spotify and play Adele. (I don't like the Google Play Music stock app but it lets you select which app is used for auto audio play).+ The UI is buttery smooth irrespective of apparent CPU load. Finally, an Android phone as responsive as an iPhone.+ The case and screen feel good to touch and hold. I won't be (voluntarily) testing how strong the Kevlar is, but it looks solid. The phone overall is bit too wide to hold comfortably, particularly with the nav button on the lower left which causes one's thumb to have to really reach for any backup action on a web page, for example.+ Motorola has free live human tech support for this phone for any questions. People on web chat, backed up with good searchable documentation. Very responsive, minimal waiting.- It's full of Verizon crapware. NFL football, VZW Navigator, VZW Backup Assistant Plus, VZW Tones, etc. These can be disabled in most cases (except Backup Assistant Plus), but cannot be uninstalled, at least with the stock ROM. Backup Assistant Plus crashed the phone repeatedly to the degree that I had to do a complete factory reset - 3 hours after having got the phone. Seriously, when will VZW learn that their apps suck and if people want them they can install them themselves. This is by far the most negative aspect of the phone and I nearly returned it because of this.  There are Amazon apps also installed into the ROM by default but I don't mind these - I'm an enthusiastic Amazon customer so I'd have installed them anyway, and their apps actually function, in contrast to Verizon's.- Even though it has NFC, Verizon has again blocked Google Wallet.  They haven't provided an alternative because their Isis service hasn't been launched yet. So they are shutting off the market till THEY are ready.  Shouldn't there be an antitrust case about this? I find it preposterous. I should be the one deciding what service I use to pay with my money, not Verizon. If their Isis service is compelling when it's launched, I'll use it. But don't block me from using a service that is running now, that I like, and that is supported by a device that I paid for in full.  All this does is to make me distrust Verizon.- The Miracast screen sharing and "Droid Zap" file sharing apps that are hyped in the ads are gimmicks. Miracast sucks anyway, Google Chromeplay is better and I can't see why they didn't opt for that. Droid Zap (a simple file sharing technology) requires a receiving phone also of the Motorola persuasion, so that's unlikely to be useful to most people.- The back is not removable (probably to accommodate the battery shape required for its amazing capacity). So you can't keep spare batteries for long business trips, but you won't have to. There is no SDcard slot. But it's got 32GB built in so that's OK for most uses. Frankly I'd rather have the battery capacity.- Brightness for the navigation buttons cannot be changed. They're permanently bright, even if the screen is dimmed, so these act as an involuntary flashlight shining in your eyes when you watch a movie, for example. Brightness control apps like Lux cannot control them either.  You have to root, which I don't want to do with a new phone (and there aren't ROMs out yet that can use the voice control anyway).- The presence of special features such as always-awake voice control via that custom low-power chip means that this phone will probably not have that many custom ROMs written for it in the future. At least not ones that include all of the phone's nice features.  Which means that one would rely on Verizon for ROM updates - and they have a terrible track record for updates. The Verizon Galaxy Nexus "toro" phone for example lagged 4 releases behind Google, despite their promises that it would stay up to date with Android releases as a Nexus phone. I don't trust them to update this phone competently so I have to be happy with the ROM being static the way it is on release day, even though Google will continue to release improvements to Android.

Great battery life, beautiful screen, responsive keypad, nice extras-I love that you can see the time without unlocking, that Motorola has its own free &#34;find my phone&#34;service, the support for Google now-I can't compare this to much, but my last was an HTC thunderbolt, and I can say that I'll never go back to HTC after this. My wife and I got our last phones around the same time, but I quickly became envious of how well her humble RAZR Maxx performed basic tasks compared to my sluggish thunderbolt, so when it came time for an upgrade I got this phone, which seems like an update to hers.I've now had it a month and a half and I'm still happy with it; my only complaints are that they  seemed to trim down the smart actions instead of expanding them, the keypad doesn't have left/right navigation arrows (could borrow some space from that huge space bar), and there have been a couple times when I needed to restart my phone to get a data connection where my parents' iPhones were fine.

Don't get caught up in the flashier specs of the newer phones available from other manufacturers. Motorola knows how to to make phones that work as PHONES, and the Droid Maxx has a huge battery that smokes the competition. The processor is snappy and the screen is beautiful. My favorite features are the Touchless Control, Active Notifications, and the twist gesture that launches the camera. It's a great looking phone that is remarkably thin -- without company logos on the front. The camera is pretty good and I haven't missed a slot for expanding memory with a MicroSD card (two criticisms I've read in other reviews).My time to upgrade with Verizon just passed, so I was thrilled to find that Amazon still had the 32GB version of this phone. (The only one available from Verizon now has 16GB of memory.) This is the fifth android device in our household and I couldn't be happier with the Droid Maxx! In fact I just ordered the Droid Mini (virtually the same phone in a smaller size) for my wife!

The Droid Maxx is a great phone and I would definitely buy it again!  The battery life is awesome and not crappy like all the other phones out there.  I was looking for a larger screen size, light-weight, and longer battery life.  This was it!  Everyone said &#34;get the Apple&#34;, but I'm a Motorola / Droid fan all the way. It was well worth the price.

Fast phone. Google Now is real cool. Battery is the best I have ever seen by far. Went traveling and put phone through heavy use and still lasted more than a day. Fits in my pocket too.

bought the Motorola droid Maxx for my daughters birthday and she loves it. since my son has now bought one and I plan on getting the maxx soon too.

This is a great phone! I was due for an update and it has met all of my expectations. Definitely a good deal!

Battery life is great. Last all day and more with heavy all day use. Strong build. Dropped  few time and got no damage or scratch, unlike Iphone, drop one and screen shattered.

If you are looking for a new phone, stop. You, Have found it right here. This is the best phone on the market!

With normal use I still have plenty of battery.  Even with heavy use I still have juice at the end of the day.  Good features and speech recognition.

We bought two of these.  One gets heavy use all day, everyday, but still can make it until bedtime before needing plugged in.  Huge difference over the previous phone in this use that had to be charged twice a day.  The second phone gets light to moderate use and the battery will last 2-3 days.  Both phones can download and install an app faster than you can find another app to start downloading.  Most web page navigation and social media use is nearly instant with each selection.  The camera is incredible.  The picture quality is the best I have ever seen from a phone.  Also, the video camera has a slow motion function that captures full detail that is awesome (no sound though in slow-mo).  After 4 months, we are completely satisfied with this phone.

The new Motorola Droid Maxx is an excellent phone. It is extremely fast, has good battery life, and a high definition screen.

I have had this phone about 6 weeks now and only had it on the charger a few times, it is smoother and faster than my droid razor x2. so far all the features work better and the camera is decent ( not great )

Best phone on the market right now hands down. It is very affordable, has a 2 day battery life and I can get as much as 3 days out of it. Wireless charging and active notifications are great things to have and can no longer imagine a phone without those features. Having upgraded from a Razr Maxx HD, I recommend even for an upgrade from that device.

Is the best phone I've ever had! And I had thought my iPhone was the best but am loving all the easy to use features that are unique

You can read the other reviews for lots of positive qualities; especially battery life. I am only listing the cons here.Cons:1) When I received this I was disappointed that the HD outlet is gone. I was going to return it until I found there is no Verizon Droid phone with that option any more.2) If you use Miracast instead of HD there is a display lag if any Bluetooth device (headphones, keyboard, mouse) is active.3) Camera quality is just OK. I was hoping for better.4) There is no SD card slot - internal memory only, so watch how many apps, songs and photos you store.

Very nice smartphone with a big 3500 mAh battery that last 3-4 days.  Excellent quality all the way around.  Great call quality on both ends and nice and loud speaker phone and alarm clock.  5 inch display screen with a speedy LTE connection.  Recommend it highly.

******Updated*********Below is my original review.  After having the phone for a few weeks, I realized it's my fault the battery life was poor... not the phones.  I had WiFi on all day, that's what killed my battery.  Where I work there is a few networks, all with poor signals.  The phone spent the whole day searching for WiFi and it was killing the battery.  If I leave WiFi off, easy 2 days of battery.  If I'm at home and connected to my home WiFi, still has awesome life.  It's just when the phone is constantly searching for a signal that it seems to burn battery power.  It's kind of annoying because the phone itself recommends leaving WiFi on for a more accurate GPS signal.  Also every time I return home or leave I have to manually set my WiFi off/on.  Oh, well.  I like the phone, it's grown on me.I was soooo excited to get this phone.  I read all the reviews, did my research... sounded perfect.  At best, it was a mild upgrade from my Droid Bionic.  It is definitely faster and the interface is certainly smoother.  That's about it though.  Setup wasn't nearly as smooth.  Every review I've read says that the battery life is amazing.  This morning I unplugged my phone at 5 am with a 100% charge, it is now 11:54 pm and it has a 36% charge... hardly amazing at all. I've maybe spent about 2 hours today playing with it (checking Pintrest, The Chive, Facebook, etc)  The rest of the day it's just been sitting in my toolbox.  For me, battery life has been absolutely poor. This is with the battery saving feature turned on.  If it hadn't been $99, I would be pissed.  The lack of bloatware and ability to turn off factory installed programs is nice.  The rest of the features of the phone can be found on it's siblings.  All in all.... very disappointed.

I bought the first Droid Razr when it came out two years ago.  That has been the best phone I have ever owned but with a bit small battery.  The Droid Maxx is a very similar phone with a 5" screen and a very big battery.  First of all let me say that this phone has an AMAZINGLY large battery but the phone is barely larger than my previous very thin Razr.  When I say amazing battery I want to emphasize again that it is not just good but very very good.  This phone is prepared for the most active power user and will still have plenty of battery power.The screen is excellent just like the last Motorola but bigger.  And they have retained the Kevlar back which is the perfect material to back a phone.  This phone is ready for rough use.  My last Droid also had the Kevlar back.  I mostly used it without a case as it easily fit into the Motorola car dock and the Motorola office dock.  The Kevlar is built to take hard use and still look good.  My last phone held up to daily heavy use without a single problem.  I would expect the Maxx will be the same.There are a few new gadgets I like.  The main one on the home screen tells you time, temp, and battery charge level.  All of my existing Motorolola chargers work with this phone.  Google now owns Motorola.  Hopefully they will continue with the long tradition of very good cell phones that are durable, capable, and advanced.One negative is that there is not Motorola brand car dock.  I bought a third party one that is about 1/10th as good as the Motorola brand one I had for the last phone.  There is no office dock.  Oh, no mini hdmi connection on this phone like the last one.  And so far pdanet will not work to make this phone a hot spot.  I am sure the Verizon hot spot feature will work, but that is 29 bucks a month.

I bought the Droid Maxx for my business.  After about 2 weeks of use, clients told me the phone was fading in and out. Then after 3 weeks the phone stopped working altogether for no apparent reason.  Every time I tried restarting it, it returned to &#34;setup&#34; and froze.  The next morning, I took it to the Verizon store and was told that all of my photos, my call log and my contacts were permanently LOST.  A family birthday photo, one of the best ever, is gone.  I told Verizon that I paid $300 for this phone just 3 weeks ago, and I expect it to be fixed or replaced immediately.  VERIZON REFUSED to replace it immediately with a phone in stock, claiming that's an option only for 2 weeks after purchase (convenient for Verizon that my phone failed after 3 weeks).  I was told I must wait for Verizon to mail a replacement phone.  Verizon promised to send it by overnight delivery, but that didn't happen - 2 nights later I'm still waiting.  I have no way to find out how many calls and texts I've missed since the Droid Maxx stopped working 3 days ago.  Adding insult to injury, Verizon assured me that I could reactivate an old cell phone while waiting for a replacement phone, and only after much wasted effort did Verizon acknowledge that it was impossible to do it.  So just a quick recap here: 1) three weeks ago I shelled out hundreds of dollars to start Verizon service on a new Droid Maxx; 2) I presently have no cell service, no texts, no call log, no GPS, and absolutely nothing for my money; 3) the promise of an overnight-mail replacement was false; 4) the promise of a temporary solution was false; 5) I will never get back that birthday photo destroyed by a defective phone; and 6) my complaints to Verizon have made no difference.  All in all, I'd advise against buying this phone.

Pros:Awesome Battery LifeLight Weight (compared to my Droid 4)Okay Google Now feature is greatFastCons:Camera could be betterKeeps applications open in a sub window that must manually be closedPossibly a little too largeI love this phone. I didn't think I would. When I tried it out in the store I didn't realize the size was too large for me to type one handed. After a month though I can say I no longer notice that as a problem. This is my first phone without a physical keyboard and I can honestly say I don't feel the need for one. The auto correct is really good and the screen is large enough that typing feels easy and natural. Battery life is great on this thing. I can play games for hours while I watch my friends/family put their dead phones away. The camera is good but certainly not great. I'm not much of a picture taker anyway. And it is fast. This is a great phone and I recommend it to everyone.

My Husband loves his phone

The phone is great and works as it must. but if u r outside US don't buy it from here!!! because the 4G will not work just like what happened with me even the phone is unlocked. U will be able to use 3G networks around the world but not the 4G. the 4G network in US different from the others in the world and u can check the frequencies from this link[...]

After two months of use - a very functional, excellent phone with an exceptional battery life.  Simple.  This is my first smartphone where at the end of the day I am usually with about 40-60% battery power left.

this phone has met my every expectation. i charge it every other day and that is only because it reached 30%

Upgraded from the Thunderbolt so obviously this is going to be the supremely superior phone of the two, but in store I played with the HTC One and the Maxx. The Maxx is much more sturdy of a phone regardless of HTC's false "all metal" claim, which the ONE has plastic wrapping the edges and feels flimsy. I didn't get cell reception in my bedroom before with the thunderbolt and now I actually do with this phone! Its battery is why I got the phone and it has not disappointed, No matter how much you use your phone you're actually guaranteed at least a full day, it's kinda nuts. The speakers sound amazing, better than my little boom cube. The fact that Google now owns Motorola means that its android functionality is absolutely seamless. The phone boots in half a minute or less, downloads and installs are so fast that by the time you check the status of whatever app you downloaded, it's already been installed. There are very few shortcomings compared to the HTC One, so if 1080P vs. 720P on a phone screen and front facing speakers don't matter to you, then this is the phone for you. You literally cannot kill this battery in a day and that alone is worth it. Plus it's Motorola so if you actually use your phone as well, a phone, then this is even more of an obvious choice.

Droid Maxx battery lasts me almost 2 full days of use off the charger, compared with my old HTC Thunderbolt that was lasting only 4-5 hours. What a liberating feeling! Droid Maxx also runs apps and browses fast (4G or wifi). The Motorola Assist functions provide some truly touchfree functions, like knowing when I'm driving and giving me the option to have it read incoming texts aloud and even reply by interpreting my speech to text, makes the device useful in ways I'd not been able to imagine.

This is my 4th Motorola phone, and it is the best. Every Motorola phone I've had worked as advertised, and was virtually indestructible. Throw in a massive battery, and out-of-this-world customer service, and I can't think of any reason why anyone would like be pleased with this phone. I upgraded to the Maxx, and one day it wouldn't power on. I completed an RMA form on-line, and in less than 36 hours, I received a new replacement phone free of any charges to me. That's customer service done the right way. The quality of the camera is often criticized, but then again there's no such thing as a cellphone that captures good images. If taking pictures is important to you, then spend the bucks and buy a good camera.

The battery life is actually 48 hours and I use the smartphone constantly. Occasionally  it goes for 36 hours but can be recharged in 2+ hours.

I have only had my Maxx a short time, but I can say without a doubt this is the best phone I have ever owned. When looking at phones, I was looking between the Maxx, the HTC One, and the Galaxy S4. I am so glad I got this phone. I have had HTC and Samsung phones before (Galaxy S2 and Thunderbolt) so I went looking for a third option. I'm sure the S4 and the One are good phones, but I had trouble and buyers remorse soon after I got those phones. Not with the Droid Maxx. The features on this phone are awesome. I love the ability to view a text message, or who is calling without having to unlock my phone. The big thing for the Maxx is the battery life, and boy is it great. I use my phone a lot, from 5 am until 10 or 11, and I still have 40% left on a typical day. My other phones would need a charge around 12 or 1 pm with the same use. I know the S4 has a lot of features that it does, but I've found apps that can do the same thing for my Maxx. The other thing I love about this phone is the speaker. It may be a rear-facing speaker, but boy is it loud. I have no problem hearing my ringer, and I don't need external speakers when I'm playing any music. If you want an android phone, this is the one for you.

I Love this phone! Especially for the battery life!! Crazy long life! But the camera function could be better if Motorola would like to make some upgrade on the camera software.

Best battery life I have ever experienced on a smart phone.  Much better experience than with my old Samsung Galaxies.

Motorola has been the brand of smartphone that I have ever used when smartphones  first hit the market. My 2 main MUST HAVES are Battery and the processor!!  I use my phone for everything even more then my laptop. The screen size is big enough for me I wouldn't go bigger or smaller. The camera on the MAXX has been the best I have used in past. Battery life keeps up with the RAZR MAXX HD that I had before this one. More control over settings with is awesome. I have had no lagging issues as of yet (I'm sure to give it time they all do). It is missing the favorite contacts widget which sucks but the other great feature that is important is how well it and Google works together. You can also use a micro USB stick for additional storage or just to move things around. That was a huge bonus. Great phone for the price I paid on Amazon expensive at VW location.

The first Droid Maxx Amazon sent me didn't work.  (The first instruction from the phone asks you to select a language.  But the phone did nothing when I chose English.)  So I returned the phone and Amazon sent me a replacement.  The replacement phone at least got past the &#34;select a language&#34; instruction, but shortly thereafter it advised me that it was unable to activate my connection.  I brought the phone to a Verizon store and they said there was apparently a problem with the internal antenna and I would have to go to another location to have it fixed.Long story short...I returned the 2nd phone to Amazon also.  It would appear that these are refurbished phones; and I wanted a new phone.  I ordered a new phone from the maker in Texas and that phone works fine.Meanwhile, the phones I had ordered from Amazon came with a 2-year agreement with Verizon.  When I returned the phones to Amazon, Amazon cancelled the first Verizon agreement, but they neglected to cancel the 2nd agreement.  I phoned Amazon and they told me they corrected the mistake and they gave me a Verizon number to call if any problems arose.It is now four months later and I am still getting bills from Verizon.  It is a total foul-up; and so far I have not been able to find anyone who can fix it.  When I give Verizon the phone number they are billing me for, they say they have no record of that number.  And the Verizon system is continually having problems with their phones and they keep advising me to call them back later.  If you enjoy being hassled in this manner, this is the phone for you.  Otherwise, stay away.

Awesome phone. The feature rich phone is pretty cool. And the speed is amazing.  Very happy with it so far!

I can go 2 days without charging.For someone like me that always forgets to charge his phone at night it's a blessing.Even the battery life is super long, it is not that wide/deep or heavy.It's really the best phone I ever had.The only thing I dislike is that sometimes when I want to touch the screen on the top, I have to use two hands since the screen is a bit longer than standard phones so one hand touch can be a problem.

Love the muti-day battery life, kevlar look and feel, and Android features. Only downside is the camera, which is getting an upgrade via an upcoming release.

This is by the best phone I have ever owned. The sound quality is superb and with amazing battery life.It has a very fast processor and I like the Five inch screen.All in all I am extremely happy with phone.

Although the battery is somewhat better than the Razr i had, there is one thing lacking that causes some upset with me.No flashing light to show messages or calls received. This seems major and i didn't become aware of it till I already had the phone.The camera although more pixels than my previous one is still not too good.If the swap for a different one, wasn't so costly I'd do that.

Solid construction, long battery life and large screen are the three features I like the best,  I recommend this phone.

I'll try to keep my review on the short side. I'm not going to get into technical spec comparisons or anything like that. My last phone was a Droid Bionic that I had for many years, so that is my point of reference to the Droid Maxx.I was choosing between the Droid Maxx and the LG G2. Two similar but very different phones. The LG G2 is definitely more flashy if that is what you want, and takes better pictures, but my biggest complaint with my last phone was battery life so I opted for the Maxx (that and Verizon offered the Maxx for free when trading in my Bionic). At the time of writing this review, I've own my Maxx for 1 week.The highlights for me are battery life, the shake the phone to turn on the camera, and Ok Google Now. I am a moderate phone user I'd say, a few calls, lots of texts, and some web surfing with some basic gaming thrown in sporadically. The phone will last me almost 48 hours with this type of usage. I am typically on Wi-Fi unless out of work and the house. My Bionic was a PITA to engage the phone, but the Maxx is simple. A few shakes of the wrist and bam, you can take pictures. What I wasn't sure about was the OK Google Now, which is essentially SIRI for Droid. My limited experience so far is that it works great. The best thing about this phone, and maybe others have this, is that you can set it to read text messages to you and then respond by voice while driving. This is a huge upgrade and great safety feature as compared to my Bionic.The downside to this phone is that with the long battery life I feel a little uncomforable not plugging it in every night, and in the morning, and throughout the day at work. I'm sure I will get passed that. The size is a little bulky, and when you add a case (I have a Trident  case) it gets bulkier. I tried an otterbox and I couldn't get it in my pocket, so I had to send that back.I would highly recommend this phone to people especially if your main gripe about your old phone is that the battery was terrible. I can get by without the best camera on the market or fastest processor, but that's me. If battery life is one of your top two needs in a smartphone, then you will want to check this out.

Everything is great about this phone.  The two best attributes are the long battery life and the voice activated commands.  The two bad things, and only two that I have seen, is that the Bluetooth cuts out for a second from time to time and the phone has issues charging from a standard charger at times.  I use a Qi charger most of the time so I don't notice that too much.

I ordered this phone almost impulsively because of the smoking deal I got through amazon.  I was originally just going to order a free phone off Verizon's website.  After I confirmed my order I immediately felt a slight sense of regret because I wasn't really looking for such a large or sophisticated device.  That all ended once I held it in my hand and ran it through its paces.  I lost count of how many times I've said &#34;wow!&#34; as I familiarize myself with all its features.  I'm still trying to figure out how to &#34;Maxximize&#34; the battery life though.  So far the best I've achieved is 23 hours without charging it.  This was the biggest selling point for me, so the five-star rating could go down.  I absolutely loathe being tethered to an electrical outlet so I'll update this review as I figure out how to get more out of the battery.  Design and functionality are top notch.  The screen and cover feel solid, however the side buttons could have been built more solidly if I could have a say.  Not like I think the buttons will fall off or anything.  They just feel a bit flimsy for a device that is otherwise solidly built.  The camera is great and the speaker is decent.  The voice quality gets 4/5 with a poor signal and 5/5 everywhere else.  I called a relative in Mexico this weekend and the clarity was excellent.  I didn't feel like I had to raise my voice to be heard.  Overall I'm very happy to have purchased this item and feel no further buyer's remorse.

I researched all the droid phones out at the time and even the Galaxy S5 which came out two weeks after I got this one and this was it! Once I received it and started using it there were no disappointments at all! I can run on battery for about 3-4 days if I don't surf or talk on the phone continuously 2 days max if I do. The display is crystal clear, apps load and operate seamlessly. I just love this phone!!

I really like the always on voice command (Google Now). Plus the battery life is outstanding.  Motorola did not exaggerate the 48 hour life.  In a crazy way I wish that no one else owned this phone so I could stand out as the Cool Kid. LOL.

No problems so far... one week in and just floored by the battery. A little longer than my previous GS2, but same width/similar thick. Not a big plank in my pocket, like some phones can be. Feel is VERY nice.

This phone is everything I thought it would be. The software runs smooth, it seems durable, and long battery life. I am getting 48 hrs. on 1 charge during heavy usage--very nice. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I had strongly considered getting the HTC One M8 before deciding to go with the Motorola Droid Maxx.  I have been very pleased with my decision to go with the Maxx.  I have been using this phone for more than a month now and have no complaints.  No matter how much I use the phone throughout the day (typically 16-17 hours off the charger), I almost never get the battery below 50% by the time I put it on the charger at night and usually it's in the 60-70% range.  First, I'll provide a little background info about my smart phone use... My last 2 phones were both HTC phones and they were both excellent phones when new.  However, if you are buying a smart phone with a contract like me, you are committing to 2 years with that same phone, so you need to pick one that will last.  Both of my HTC phones (Droid incredible, and Rezound) were excellent phones when new, but after a year, the battery life tends to decline on any smart phone and HTC tends to spec their batteries to just barely make it through the day when new.  When these phones get to be a year old, the battery dies before the end of the day.  Regardless of the features that a phone has, it is completely useless when the battery dies late in the afternoon and the phone shuts down.  The Motorola Droid Maxx has a massive battery, so I immediately put this one on my list of phones to consider before comparing any other specs.  If the phone can make it 2 days without a charge when new, then surely it will still make it through 1 day after it's 2 years old.  The next thing I took into consideration was durability.  The Maxx has a kevlar back, gorilla glass, and is water resistant.  These items again bumped it up on my list before looking at other more technical specs.  The next item on my list to consider was portability.  These are supposed to be mobile phones, so if it doesn't actually fit in your pocket, it is not a mobile phone.  In my opinion, if your phone is so big that you can't easily take it with you, there is point in having it as your phone.  I went to the Verizon store to check out all the latest and greatest smart phones and hold them, and touch them, smell them, taste them, and put them in my pocket to see what fits and what feels good in my hand.  Before going to check out the phones in person, I was considering a smaller size that would easily fit in my pocket, but after holding and pocketing some of the larger phones, they didn't seem too terribly awkward.  Since my last 2 phones were HTC, I looked at the HTC One M8 first.  Right away, it seemed too bulky.  Its a beautiful phone that I would not want to put a case on because I love the look of the aluminum.  It seemed that if you didn't put a case on it, you would be very likely to scratch up the aluminum over time, but if you did put a case on it, it wouldn't fit in your pocket.  The Samsung S5 has great specs, but I personally didn't like the look of the phone, and thought that the plastic back made it seem cheap for such a high end phone, and it is slightly larger the the Motorola Droid Maxx, which for me put it just over the line to fit comfortably in my pocket.  The Motorola Droid Maxx is not quite as long as the HTC One M8 and much slimmer as well.  To me, it was right at the limit of what I could comfortably put in my pocket.  Since the phone has such a durable build, you won't need to put it in a case which would then just make the phone too big to pocket.  Now for the more technical spec comparison.  The new HTC and new Samsung may have better specs on paper for processor speed and screen resolution, but the Motorola has 8 processor cores!  Instead of having fewer super fast cores, the work load is divided up by multiple cores with different speeds depending on what they are dedicated for.  This gives Motorola something that no other smart phone currently has, a dedicated contextual awareness processor that is constantly awaiting your voice commands even when the screen is off and the phone is out of your reach.  You get true hands free control and I think that is way better than simply having the fastest processor speed in the world.  For me, I just wanted the phone to have a fast enough processor to do everything I need to do without annoying lag or delayed response.  This phone is plently fast and has 2 GB of RAM so it can handle any task without delay.  Motorola also has the only phones currently that have the active display notifications.  This is an awesome feature that you just have to use to truly appreciate it.  Recently Motorola stopped making the Droid Maxx with 32 GB of memory and dropped it down to 16 GB and lowered the price.  Since this phone does not have a removable micro SD card, I wanted the 32 GB version, which I could not get at the Verizon store, but thankfully Amazon still had them available!  Another feature this phone has that the competition is lacking is built in wireless charging.  I know it sounds silly, but once you have used a wireless induction charger, it seems completely ridiculous to have to fumble around in the dark and try to plug your phone in at night!  The main concern I had about this phone before looking at it in person was the display.  The resolution of the display is actually lower than that of my 2 1/2 year old Rezound, so I was afraid I would be disappointed with the display quality.  I was wrong about that.  When I look at the Maxx and the Rezound side by side, the Maxx looks better.  When you look at it next to the Samsung S5, the Samsung is slightly sharper and brighter, but you can only really tell a difference when the phones are side by side.  I think the human eye can't really tell a difference between 300 ppi and 500 ppi so the resolution is not nearly as important as some people think.  So to sum up everything about why I think this is the best phone right now:  1) best battery life  2) very durable build (scratch proof, fingerprint proof, water resistant)  3) large display, but still fits in your pocket  4) hands free voice commands when the phone is out of reach  5) active display  6) built in wireless charging

This is the best phone I've owned so far. I love the battery life. The droid maxx is a 5 star phone.

I've had every iPhone including the 5s and then just traded in my Blackberry Z30 for this Maxx.  I can't put it down. It's very, very fast and the software is flawless (so far).  I can say 'Go Google Now' anytime (even 15' away) and my phone will turn on and execute any command I say and it WORKS!! The resolution is amazing and typing is a breeze. You can't go wrong with this phone.

The best ever for battery life, gps and network signal.I tried to run it on gsm network in meddle East and its working fine and the 3g also work fine and good speed.

I've usually purchased the top-of-the-line phone in terms of specs when my upgrade date arrived. This time I wanted to finally find a phone that had solid specs, was fast, clean, loud and had a monster battery. The Droid Maxx checks all the boxes. Highly recommend. I can use it all day and never come close to requiring a charge.

This phone is very large, has a nice screen and great battery life. I bought this phone for my brother and he has been very happy with it. The battery life is great, that was the big thing for him he is frequently forgetting to charge, so this phone battery is a life saver.

I have had the phone for about a month now and I am very happy with it.  The battery life is great. I have no complaints.

This will be my short and sweet, good and bad of this phone.The Good:- This is a phone. Call quality both incoming and outgoing is phenomenal, as is common with Motorola. Better than the S4.- &#34;Okay google now&#34; voice commands. More than a gimmicky item, I've used it a decent amount. In my opinion better than Siri for actually accomplishing tasks, gets what you are saying accurately more often than not.- THE BATTERY! This is of course where the phone really shines. 48 hours moderate use is more than a fair estimate. 10 hour work day texting, calling, web surfing, emailing, watching videos, taking pictures etc. Can usually end a day with more than 50% battery. Light usage you can get a lot more.- Double wrist flip brings open camera. Awesome for those moments you need quick access to the camera.- Camera is good since the November update. white balance is a lot better. Works well for everyday needs.- The radio in this sucker is awesome. At my home I used to drop calls frequently. Haven't had one yet. went from getting only a couple bars of 3g to a couple bars of 4g. Picks up way more wifi signals than my coworks 5s- Comes with 32gb internal storage,-------------The bad.- Non removable battery- Can't upgrade memory storage- Camera could still be better.- Still limited accessories for phone- Can cause confusion between this and the Razr line of phones.--------------Overall I really like this phone. The bad doesn't concern me. I've upgraded phones before with extended batteries, making them bulky and unwieldy. This phone blows any attempt at an extended battery away.Memory isn't a concern with google cloud storage and amazon cloud storage. That should keep everything I need.Camera still takes fantastic shots, just doesn't match my DSLR.Purchased an otterbox defender for this, doesn't add a terrible amount of bulk and works well. I haven't purchased any other accessories for this yet.

Fast and Google now is way cool. Google Now is not perfect but it is really good and will get better with time. Why do they not advertise how the Razr Maxx you are truly hands free.

Other than the battery and droid zap, this phone, at 699.00 or the lower price of 679.99 is not worth the price. IF you want these features though. Full retail for the phone at Verizon is only 499.99 so the better straight from the carrier. Amazon WILL NOT match the price PERIOD. I WILL BE RETURNING MY PURCHASE TO GO BACK TO THE GALAXY S4 or preface the cheaper handset at VZW.

Best phone out there in my opinion.  Choices = iphone, android, and possibly blackberry or windows phones.......if you select android, no reason to select anything but this (except if you want smaller size) because the battery is great!  Best price was here on amazon ($100 existing line upgrade....keep checking back if you have time to wait and want this price).  Activation easy/simple/fast....don't worry about not going through provider (Verizon in my case).

UPDATE AT BOTTEMThe first thing you will realize when you get this bad boy, is that it is BIG!! It has a 5 inch screen which is huge compared to my previous iPod 4th gen 3.5 inch display.The display is beautiful, the phone is very fluid, with minimal hangups.I was struggling with setting up touchless control(which imports your contacts and uses installed voice recognition software, but also the google search engine to turn your voice to text), which uses your voice commands to call/text others, set reminders and alarms, check weather, and any new notifications. Make sure you update EVERYTHING, using the google play store, and that the system's OS is up to date.After all updates it works flawlessly.my room was dark so I said "ok google now, find my phone" and it started beeping until I saw it and turned it off, pretty awesome, touchless control is very competitive with Siri and Cortana.motorola assist is how you get texts read aloud to you (like siri), without saying "ok google now, read notifications/what's up?". If you have high accuracy gps on and mot. assist on, whenever you drive, you can have it say, "message from so-and-so, to hear it say listen(that way your girlfriend's texts don't need to be heard by passengers), and after it is read it will say "to send a reply message, say reply".those aren't the exact words but pretty close. Then it will say "what's the message?" and you say it, and with assist on it will actually read what you just said back to you before you accept sending it. The difference with that is with simple touchless control, you can only say the message and have to glance down to see if it is currect"because you dont want a serious conversation to have "ducking" in it(I have not tested swearing, so it probably just makes 4 stars).FINALLY WITH THE MOTO ASSIST, something that irritates me is that if you want texts read to you, you need high accuracy gps on. Why should I have that on when I am home? Why not just add a setting so if I want the read-aloud option on all the time, I can have  it? hopefully this is addressed, because i don't need high ac- gps on all the time. That said for my house sometimes it works, sometimes it does not.after some benchmarks it has graphics processing better than the galaxy S5 and S4, but the cpu processing is behind both. nevertheless, a very speedy phone, as I have many social network processes in the background with zero flaws.verizon phones have no built in "4g off"  button, unlike sprint, but you can download one that keeps the the 4g setting off. For those who are new to smartphones and 4g, it is just a name for faster download/upload speeds using a newer radio technology. verizon uses CDMA and EvDo for their 1x (call/text CDMA), and 3g (picture messages, slower data, EvDo) signals, and 4g lte uses more battery, but it is 10x faster than 3g. I personally got the 4g switcher app(red with power button), and changed the setting from LTE, CDMA, EvDo, GSM, WCDMA setting to the GSM/CDMA auto setting, which includes 1x and 3g.when I need to surf the web, then I will toggle 4g on. I also got a ringer widget that quickly sets all the volume controls between sound, vibrate, and silent modes. before then, I needed to go to volume settings and change 4 knobs, but not any more.the left-sided permanent settings bar in the previous lineup(droid razr, razr m, etc) was taken out, but was not that good in the notification panel, because the icons are shortcuts to the actual settings menus, so I used a built in widget and put it on the left side from the home screen, and it has wifi, blue tooth, location, syncing apps(data hungry), and a quick brightness setting, going between your setting, lowest, half way, highest, and auto. pretty neat for on the go changes.I personally use the google play store because it is very simple to use. the phone includes the amazon app store, so that is another option. Please be careful with everything you install on your phone. it only takes an app or two to ruin the experience because before you know it your battery gets drained, and data is used, and the phone gets slow. So be careful what you use, and limit the background processing to a minimum.setting up trusted devices(like my computer), is easy, so I can have my phone auto bluetooth within range of the desktop, and have my PIN number disabled. You can also use this with NFC devices/chips. I have yet to test that out.the phone's battery life is impeccable. I have yet to get this sort of battery life with any device. People boast of blasting the screen, and leaving it on for 5 minutes, leaving the bluetooth and wifi search on all the time, but I personally am against that.I will most likely get NFC chips I can set to turn things on and off when I hit a chip, so like a good night/good morning chip that changes the ringtone from and to something you wouldn't want to wake up to. A car chip for bluetooth with stereo, gps, etc, and a home chip for wifi on, gps off, etc.the phone is very large, so adding an otterbox makes it very bulky. The included belt clip for otterbox defender does not work well for gym shorts because it will flap and when pulling the phone out you need to use two hands because the pants stretch(a tight fit is probably safer anyways).I would recommend getting a 4g toggler, a ringtone toggler, using the built in power controls widget, and SNAPPEA. snappea is a service that you can connect to your pc with, over wifi, or with a usb connection(just need to click usb debugging for usb mode(which is far faster than wifi mode if you are adding songs or videos to the phone)).snappea lets you remotely install apps, text friends, import contacts, import music, videos, pictures, and more. You can backup everything on the phone, and restore the whole thing, or manually add the old app .vpk file information back onto the phone(usb debugging needs to be off if you want to deal with the phone's storage outside of snappea. to turn on/off, go to settings, about phone, develepor mode, tap it several times, then back out to settings again, click on developer options(which just popped up now), and turn on/ff usb debugging)  )backing up with snappea is super fast, but for a full backup of a phone jam packed with a ton of stuff, I would recommend usb backup for speed. also once you are done with snap pea, make sure to disconnect the phone from your desktop snappea application, or the battery will suffer.finally I dislike the built in music app unless I need to stream from somewhere else, so I installed rocket player , WHICH WAS THE OLD DEFAULT FOR THE OLDER ANDROIDS, and it is updated to be neat, battery saving, and what not. I love rocket player.OVERALL a very neat phone, a little big for the hands, but still the battery life, and giant HD display are huge "shut up and take my money" providers.UPDATE-30 days: This phone has grown on me very much. I now would reccomend getting a flash light widget that keeps the flash on, and an auto-rotate on/off toggle widget so if you want to text laying down sideways without the screen flipping, then want to watch a youtube video in panorama in the morning. I am used to the size. It takes a little over 3 hours to charge (due to the battery size, 3500 mA/h battery and a 1.150Amp/hour charger(which is split between two devices when you plug two things in).apps I frequently use are facebook, snapchat, instagram, for social networks,  google chrome, 2048 puzzle, fruit ninja, angry birds, google sky(CHECK OUT THE STARS using your phone). youtube(because the chrome integrated browser-video player sucks) for recreation. office suite, wabbitemu (ti 83/84 plus calculator emulator), foxfi- a free wifi tethering app (DO NOT USE THE BUILT IN VERIZON ONE UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY AN EXTRA $20 A MONTH.), astro file manager to edit move and delete downloaded files, onedrive(microsoft's formerly called skydrive) to backup files in the cloud, google keep for notes and stuff for utilities, etc.nudge the phone or pick it up or pull it out of a pocket to display the active display. hold the power button to go silent or vibrate if you dont want to use the widget for that, say ok google now for a lot, like remind me to do something when I get home, or remind me in 10 minutes to-- or add calendar events, set a timer for "10 minutes and 15 seconds". when calling someone using touchless control press onto the blue loading circle that counts down the moment it will connect the call to your desired number. this will instantly call your contact, and save you like 3 seconds of waiting for a dial tone. slide down on the top of the screen and click top right corner for easy access to device settings, or get widgets, or tap on the 3 bars that are not centered(in the notification panel) to clear notifications that are not active(like a timer or playing music). when you cannot find an app, click on the microphone for google search and then say open or "run" "some app" and it will open it.CHECK FOR APPS THAT RUN EVEN AFTER YOU SWIPE TO CLOSE THEM, AND IF IT IS an app you don't wish to keep running, find the app, open it, go to settings and disable notifications. High accuracy GPS reduces battery life by a lot and so does wifi. When you are off the phone, toggle it to 3g with the app i suggested, turn off wifi, bluetooth, etc, and let it rest in peace.try to sync your contacts with verizon or at least back them up with snappea so if you upgrade to a gross htc or samsung or whatever else other than motorola ( :(  ) you can retrieve your contacts.BAD CALL VOLUME: use volume+ if you struggle to hear people in moderately loud environments when on the phone.

This phone is amazing and now that is updated to android 4.4 it is even better.  The battery easily makes it the 48 hours they claim and in most cases I have hit 3 full days on a charge with the longest being 3 days and 16 hours before it died. This is with moderate texting, GPS on, Touchless controls active, Bluetooth off, and moto assist options running.  The screen is crisp and has amazing color and sharpness.  Call quality is excellent on both ends of the line and I haven't had a dropped call in the 2 months I have owned the phone.  For anyone questions the processing speed of the Motorola X8 processor, let me just say that from my experience I have never had any hang ups or strange lag while operation the Maxx even with several apps running at the same time such as iheart radio, endomundo, and other less intensive apps running in the back ground.  The GPS is quick to acquire a signal and stays connected even in heavily wooded areas.  I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is on the fence and will be looking forward to more Motorola products to come.

I am a moderately experienced techie who decided to give this phone a shot after 2.5 years of using an iPhone 4. It seemed like Verizon's best option at the time.Pros1) Solid battery life, best I have seen or heard of on a smartphone2) Large, bright screen3) Sleek appearanceConsGripe: Layer after layer of bloatware courtesy of Moto and Verizon. Each of these apps is as useful as it is removable--in other words, not at all.Recommendation: A state of the art installation menu upon phone's first boot-up where user has the option of standard installation (riddled with bloatware) or custom (with checkboxes and clear descriptions for all prepackaged apps/services). This revolutionary new feature, never before implemented in the history of software, would save users tons of grief.Gripe: Many major apps are buggy bordering on unusable.1) Priceless moment happening before you? No problem, just twist your wrist with phone in hand twice to instantly open the Droid Maxx's camera. Simply point the phone at the object of your photo and---o wait, error message. Camera not available at this time. No problem, I'm sure your kid will patiently wait to open birthday gifts while you go through several iterations of restarting the phone and camera app until it decides to work.2) Fortunately, these camera issues extend themselves to other photography apps such as Snapchat. Sexy snap from your significant other? Enjoy the first half-second of it before being told 'Snapchat is not responding.' Go ahead and forget about sending a reply or seeing the last 9.5 seconds of that scantily clad mirror selfie, because it's long gone #nofilter #nodroidagainever #fukuverizon3) They were kind enough to roll out similar bugs to Facebook, Whatsapp, and many of your other favourite apps. These bugs do not seem to improve with app or system updates.4) Bluetooth connectivity is highly problematic. Seems like there is at least a 50% chance that I'll have to restart the phone after getting in my car in order to connect to the car's stereo. Admittedly, this could be the car's fault---but the phone's behavior with my Jambox and poverty performance overall make it my prime suspect for these issues. Recently, I began experiencing a bug where I cannot use bluetooth or wifi AT ALL--the on/off switch is permanently stuck in the off position. I have reset the phone twice (once without restoring my backed up apps/settings) and still have this issue.7/8 Addendum:5) SMS messaging - Have tried Whatsapp, Hangouts, and the default messaging app and experienced unique but ever-present issues with all three. If someone sends a message containing more than one picture, there is no way to view anything larger than the initial thumbnail preview. Click the sent picture, and you get a brief glimpse of it blown up to full screen before the first picture in your camera roll is displayed.Separate from these picture issues are unrelenting timestamp errors which lead to messages not being sorted in order of recency but instead some indecipherable pattern which often puts recent messages several pages down the list.I have spent much time researching these issues, only to find that I am not the only one to experience them and that there is never a straightforward fix. Even resetting the phone to its original state does not help.

Just got this phone yesterday after watching the calendar for my upgrade date to arrive.  This was actually the first time I've purchased an upgraded cell through Amazon and it was pretty seamless.Got the phone, and being both a Droid and a Maxx, it wasn't too different from my old phone, a Razr Maxx.  The Droid Maxx is slightly longer and wider, but the bezel around the screen makes the screen look bigger than it actually is (that's great).  Nice sharp graphics on the screen, very vivid with eye popping colors.  It has the same rubbery feeling Kevlar backing but on the Droid Maxx, this backing extends around the edges of the phone as well, and that's good.  I feel like I can get a better grip on it and I might not even be buying a case for this because of this feature (usually I buy a case right away).  It's slightly thinner than the Razr Maxx.This phone does not have a micro SD card slot but that's fine for me because on-board storage is 32GB (wow) and I stream all my music through Google's All Access music service.  If you haven't tried that out yet, then please give it a shot.  You can upload 20,000 songs though the service and songs that you add via the All Access service or purchases  do not count towards your limit.  Make playlists on the go, listen everywhere you have internet access.  It's wonderful!  Ok, back to the phone.  I use cloud storage for pictures - Dropbox for automatic picture backup - and Drive for docs that I need to use or reference away from home.  The camera is great; touch anywhere on the screen to take a picture instead of fumbling for the button somewhere else.  Nice sharp pictures with the 10MP camera, which is better than my Razr Maxx at 8MP.  Some of the widgets I'm not wild about but they're widgets and can be removed.  For example, the Droid Commander widget that was on the face of the phone when I turned it on.  That widget IMHO does not fit the aesthetic of the phone's design at all.  There are quite a few apps that do the same thing and look much nicer than that.  In fact, I just installed my favorite launcher, SmartLauncher Pro, and changed it all around.  As for wallpapers, I'm not sure why the Droid line gets such overdone wallpaper.  Who designs this stuff?  Lots of arcing electricity kind of stuff that just blocks the view of any apps you might want to see on the screen.  I hardly ever use any of the stock wallpaper, so to fix that I installed Zedge and found some nice clean backgrounds for my new phone.  The speakers are way better than my Razr Maxx, so they have improved on that.  My  husband has no trouble hearing me on speaker phone (and he wears hearing aids).  I had to repeat myself a lot on the old phone.  Processor is snappy fast for those intense games.  Oh! and I can't forget the Google Now and the touch free feature.  You don't even have to touch the phone in order for it to act on your commands.  I can't tell you how much battery I've used up today just playing around with that one feature.  Simply asking it to do something without having to touch the phone is the main reason I bought this phone.  The best part is that yesterday when I was setting up my phone, the last update was for Android 4.4 KitKat!!  I'm so happy to have that (i'm a nerd, I know!).  It's two versions better than what's on my other two Android devices and frankly, it shows.  The update is very polished all the way around.  Battery life as of right now is at 52% as of 18hrs 45m with regular use - streaming music in the car, phone calls, downloading lots of things, and using the touch-free feature.  Battery is the large capacity that the Maxx phones are known for (another reason I bought it), so I'm going to see how long I can go before this needs plugged up.  FYI, my old Razr Maxx still gets 36 hrs on a charge with regular use.  Pretty darn good, if you ask me.There are probably some other stand-out features of this that I neglected to mention, but I think the ones above stick out the most as the best overall and they are the most useful to me.  Couldn't beat the price at 99.99 for the upgrade on a family plan, paired with free 2 day shipping and a seamless transfer of service definitely made this a good spend.

Battery life is most important to me as often I am off hiking for the day.  After a full day out and about this cell phone still has over half its' battery life left.  My old Galaxy 3  battery wouldn't last until lunch.  Why can one cell phone battery last so much longer than another is a mystery to me.

Never had a smart phone before, wishing it had come with a owners manual, or at least where to get one. Finally found one online

This is going to be a complete edit of my original post, which seemed to frustrate a lot of fanboys.  I'm completely fine with that, but some of the feedback I received led me to believe that for average customers, my previous review wasn't helpful in their decision-making process.  I'm even going to give this a star back, because it's not going to explode on you, its just not great.TLDR:  Battery isn't all that.  Compare the specs to other phones and determine if you really want to pay this much for mediocrity.So let's talk about the Droid Maxx.  Its main selling points are two things:  Battery and Google's voice service.  Otherwise, the phone is pretty unremarkable and its specifications speak to a phone that we'd have seen a few years ago, but this is all to get it better battery life, which is understandable.That said, the Battery life wasn't as impressive as you'd think.  When they say 48 hours of use, they mean you can go two days between charges if you actually use your phone once in a while.  However, what they're advertising is 48 hours of battery life and 25 days of standby.  You're not going to see either.  In fact, on a rare cool day in Maryland, my phone dropped from 100% to 75% from 8 hours in a car which was parked in the shade while I was at work.  That time should have fallen under "Standby" and should have been a negligible drain on battery.  This was the main reason I returned the phone, because as I said, it is otherwise very unremarkable.I was able to see roughly 10 hours of "usage" which for those of you paying attention, boiled down to 2 movies watched while in airplane mode while flying home from a funeral, an hour or so of Netflix at the airport on the 4G network, approximately 2 hours of Pandora streaming, and perhaps 3 hours of music local to the device (ie not streaming).  When I finally got to my car at my local airport, it was at about 5%.  Whether this reflects "your" usage is up to you.The Google voice control was interesting, but for most things, it didn't function right or didn't understand what I was asking for, so it defaults to simply Googling everything.  It seemed to be pretty good with directions, but realistically, when it does screw it up, and it will now and then, you're going to have to find it under the napkins and fast food wrappers accumulated from a solo road trip, then clear your route, then input the new one, and repeat if it's still being silly.  This led to more confusion behind the wheel, but no small part of that was probably me fumbling with a new phone.We're also not supposed to anthropomorphize our phones like the iPhone.  Everything is much more designed to simply give you information, and it lacked a lot of the nice-to-have's like being able to open Pandora from voice.  Supposedly, that's there, but it wouldn't recognize it any way I tried, which included such favorites as Over-40-White-Male, Cake-Face, Straight-Hood (Male and Female), Spanglish, Darth Vader, and as close to George W. Bush as I can approximate.  The feature just feels like it's an early thing.  Wait for a more stable version.It's nice to be able to say "OK Google Now, play Imagine Dragons," but the feature was a little underwhelming.  It's unfortunate too, because this isn't something you can play with at the store because you need to be in a sensory deprivation tank or recording studio to have a quiet enough room to get it set up.  I should also mention that this feature is about worthless if you need to use a screen lock because you'll have to grab your phone and point it at your mug or enter your passcode before it will attempt to do your bidding.So I ended up with a Note 2 for the time being, and swapping for a Note 3 on the way, which got the significant other a free nice phone to replace a Droid Charge, which was aptly named to remind you to bring your charger with you, and me the new gadget.  Honestly, I don't notice the difference in battery life.  It's maybe 1-2 hours of screen time difference, but if your main concern is battery life, get a nice phone and buy a battery pack.  It's a much nicer phone, as well and it's the little things, like how in the droid maxx, the on-screen buttons for back, menu, etc, will burn into your soul while you're watching a movie, where the Note 2 simply turns them off.So I'm drinking the soju now and it's quite nice.  The Maxx isn't an awful phone, but its battery life is laughably shorter than advertised, and if this is the main reason you're looking to buy the phone, as I did, then write that feature off completely and then look at buying the phone.  If that's the main thing you're looking for, get a nicer phone and buy a better battery, or like I did the 9600mwh Samsung pack, which will blow the panties off any phone.I hope this version was more useful.  I'm even going to give them a star back, but the phone, in my opinion was priced as a flagship best thing on the market, and it was pretty disappointing for the price.

I got it about 6 months ago and i would say its the best phone I've ever had I love this thing.

Beet phone ever. Very fast updated to kitkat quickly. Great features great feel in hand.Love it. Great job moto

This is the best phone I've ever used.  My brother and I purchased a family plan and so far it's been incredible.Pros+ The phone is extremely fast (apps launch instantly, web browsing is flawless)+ The phone looks beautiful (colors are deep and rich).+ The screen is huge+ The phone is extremely lightweight+ The battery is CRAZY GOOD (I can go an entire day with practically nonstop use and still have around 45-50% remaining).+ Motorola Assist is amazing (it reads incoming text messages while you're driving, and also sends them by your voice, and more).+ The camera takes very good quality pictures (have not used video recording yet).Cons-Nothing that I can think of.Final CommentsVerizon service rocks.  I am switching from Virgin Mobile (owned by Sprint).  The service there was extremely shoddy.  With  Verizon, I get very fast speed and I almost always have 4G LTE service (I live in Northeastern Ohio).  I couldn't even stream Pandora on my old service (unless I went to a major city).  With Verizon, I literally drive 3 mins down the road and I have full bars with 4G LTE.  A speed test revealed 29 / 14 mbps with full bars.  This is faster than my internet at home!I think this is the best phone out there for the money.  No other phone delivers the battery life and graphics this phone has to offer.  Speed is perfect for my needs and I just all around love this phone.  I had considered getting the HTC one, but I realized that this phone is hands down the better choice (especially given the incredible battery life).A great phone!* Update 2/12/2014 *I just want to reiterate how incredible the battery life is on this device.  I've used it a moderate amount since I disconnected it from the charger around 5 hours ago, and I've still got 96% battery life.  I've probably sent 10 or so text messages, checked my email around 3-4 times, and played a few levels of Candy Crush.Two things I've been wondering:1)  Could I increase battery life even further by disabling the "auto" brightness feature?2)  Should you ever let the battery fully drain?If you have any thoughts, let me know in the comments.  I like the "auto" brightness feature simply because if you need to use your phone outside you don't have to readjust the brightness settings.  And it's not like I need to conserve battery life at all.  But I guess it's something interesting to think about.Regarding the battery, I make a point to charge it every night.  I did this all nights except one.  I used the phone two days in a row, and only charged the phone once it was around 8% remaining battery.  I've read that you should always keep it charged when possible and never fully drain the battery, as draining the battery decreases battery life.  I've also read that an occasional drain on the battery can be a good thing (somehow).  I plan to keep charging the phone each night and tend to believe that there is no need to fully drain the battery on purpose.

Love this phone! The battery lasts much longer than the average phone, the screen is clear, and the notifications are great. The camera is easy to use, convenient, and takes great pictures. I really have no complaints.

Coming from an HTC Thunderbolt, I was used to a speedy phone that takes great photos and that was done for the day by lunchtime. By comparison, my Motorola Droid Maxx lasts all day, every day, even into the wee hours of the next day if necessary. I do charge it every night, and for my use it wouldn't last 48 hours as I've seen a few users claim--but it's still pretty spectacular. I hadn't even realized just how much of a drag it was to have to be tied to a battery charger all the time.The camera on this phone is only OK, despite the 10megapixel thing, but being able to launch with just a twist of the wrist is definitely fun.Best feature I've found so far is the touchless control. To be able to have the device nearby and tell it what to do without having to touch it is great!!
