
This is my first smart phone and I love it. I use it for texting, calling, browsing online, checking email, making notes, and as a calendar. The camera is not on par with some other smart phones, but it's a fraction of the price and I have an actual camera so I don't think that's a deal breaker at all.The battery lasts a long time even with frequent use (I charge it every 2-3 days). Charging doesn't take too long either. And you can download basically the same apps as you get with a more expensive smartphone. It definitely does what it needs to at the price range I'm comfortable with.

I really was not satisfied with this phone. It broke right away. I feel like I wasted my money on this phone.

Before I purchased this phone I though I did my research.....well I didn't. Don't believe it when people say that by purchasing a Go phone you won't have to buy a data plan.....it's not true! So much for trying to upgrade without the extra cost.....

This phone is so slow it takes a good 2 seconds to carry out the function of the buttons you push.  It broadcasts so much radiation it burns your ears after just a few minutes.  I often try to type  text messages or enter names in contacts and no keyboard will pop up.  It needs to constantly be reset.  After dialing a number, you have to wait till it starts ringing to put the phone up to your ear; otherwise, it will hang it up.  You often can't hang up a call and have to wait on the other person to hang up because the screen is black... no matter if you shake it move it back and fourth from your head or whatever.  If you power it off to hang up, the mic does not always turn back on so people can't hear you.  The reception is poor even when others with AT&T have no problems.  The 911 contact is on the home screen and can be dialed on accident when you grab the phone even when the phone is locked.  My 3 year old has dialed 911 many times.  I bought this phone new and when complaining to the AT&T store, they told me the issues were all common to this phone.

I had to buy this phone to replace one I broke.  It is by far the worst phone I have ever owned.  Between the specs, ZTE OS additions, and the AT&T bloat it is incredibly slow.  Do not buy this an spend a couple extra bucks to get the Moto G.  You will be thanking me in the long run.

I like the voice app for the texting I have a hard time with the numbers and letters so the voice part is great

It was working fine until a week ago and was not receiving texts and yesterday screen will not turn on with having a burning smell!!:(

I have this phone a week and already having problems. Blackscreens, keeping having to remove the battery. No happy at all. I guess you get what you pay for

I had this same phone and I dropped it and the glass cracked, so I got this replacement. I would say it is a nice phone that will do just about anything you need.

I love this phone it is so cool you can text and all of that nice stof.I love the phone I have

If you want a low gama cell phone with a good price, this is for you. Not so quickly I spected, but for a 4.1 OS is ok.

Iv had a couple smart phones!and i always seem to brake it.i seen this one and i didn't think it would work as good but it dose! i love it. Works just as if not better.And its not as big! For the price i love it

If your going to use this phone for games DONT BUY IT. If your going to buy it for social media apps such as facebook, instagram, kik, snapchat, ect. DONT BUY IT! I took this phone back to the store and got my money back. I ordered a new Samsung Captivate Glide and it should be coming in tomorrow. I know its going to better than this worthless ZTE product.

I bougt this phone for my daugter. She's tooYoung to be added to the plan. But I didn't want get her something that was outdated either m This is thw perfect fit. My daugter loves itiAnd for about $10.00-$15.00 a month you  can supply talk time.Wi-fi She can have the latest apps and games (free of course) and most importantly she can keep in touch when the busis running late.

Will return. Poor battery that does not last even a day. It is a good starter Android phone but lacks some higher end features.

I got this phone for my mom. She doesn't even need a smartphone but she can't read the numbers on the basic phones lol. She actually set this up on the phone with me without too much cringing on my end. This proves that this phone is the easiest thing ever to set up. I can report that the sound is clear and she's had it for two weeks without asking me how something works, which folks, is some kind of magic, trust me.I cannot review the apps, as I don't have it and my mom is miles away, however I can tell you the responsiveness could be a bit quicker but it's not slow by any means. Usually if she presses something and it doesn't work immediately, then it must be broken of course, but there wasn't much frustration on her end learning how to use it.

I would purchase this phone again. It has texting, email, internet search, google directions. It may not be quite as easy to use as an iPhone but it only 1/10th the price. For a basic phone it does the things you need to be connected.

got this as a replacement phone for my son to get away from the iphone  and going back to android were back on the android and not looking back at all the iphone had some issues had to get it replaced under warranty 1 time this little phone keeps on rocking and stays up with current events for him and the games on android or a lot more fun then what apple lets you get for free and the price was cheaper on amazon then in the store even with shipping the phone came to my home in 3 days so if you need a back up phone and a good one at that get this one not slow at all just buy it you wont regret it at all

Bought this Avail 2 as a replacement for a bricked Fusion 2, and found that there's really no comparison between the two. The Fusion 2 is made by Huawei, while the Avail is by another manufacturer who will go unnamed here. While their physical specs are not very different, the Fusion 2 leaves the Avail 2 in the dust in the use of the modest amount of CPU and memory both have to work with. I returned the Avail 2 after less than a few hours of use due to its wifi radio constantly dropping connections to my home router (the Fusion 2 has consistently worked extremely well with even the poorest of wifi or 3g signals). The only good news in the whole episode is that it forced me to redouble my efforts to revive the Fusion 2, which ultimately succeeded.

i wanted the avail phone but another phone was shown in my order that i did not want, now i have to wait until next month before i get a (avail) for my case.

Screen blacks out sometimes. Camera isnt the best, but for the price, it will do. Great starter phone for a teen.

I am pleased with my Avail 2 smartphone. I am not the most tech savvy person, with that being said, this phone was super easy to set-up and change preferences to customize it.  I practically set it up without using any instructions. I was pleased that it uses a regular size sim card, so I was able to simply switch my old sim card into this one. I am on the $35 per month plan, which I was able still keep while using this phone. My internet access is Wifi only, which doesn't bother me at all. My younger brother is a tech snob, and he said the phone seemed to &#34;lag&#34;, but I think it functions and responds just fine! My only complaint is the camera, which doesn't take very good photos. Otherwise, this is a good little smartphone!

fair picture quality ,not enough memory , some functions take too long to load,however its a  good replacement go phone for its price and features,

Needed a replacement phone since my iphone went out and was waiting on my update date so this was a good get me through phone

The phone works most of the time.  It's touch screen isn't very accurate, makes texting quickly very difficult.  Unless I'm on the phone then the touch screen wants to work and constantly mutes or hit other buttons during calls.  The Wi-Fi and hotspot connections are always spotty even when I know the connections are good.  I usually can't recieve picture messages or send picture messages with this phone and the camera is poor anyhow.  I haven't even attempted to use the apps because the basic functions are irritating enough.  I would recomend this phone for your younger kids who just need it for calls or text.

the phone is okay but I did not get what I ordered I ordered an unlocked phone but received an locked phone

This phone did nothing it said it would. Even settings failed to work properly for more than 10 seconds. If you are looking for a smartphone, steer clear of this. If you are looking for a normal phone, steer clear of this. If you are looking for a way to waste $45, this is for you.

I only got this phone because my Motorola Photon Q quit on me. Also The Motorola Photon Q / Motorola Atrix HD were the best phones I have ever purchased but they do not last more than 6 months. It happens to all of them.First, this phone is not responsive at all. You touch one letter and it pops up with 6 different ones that you didn't type.It feels cheap.I know this is only my temporary phone but Id much rather have a $15 flip up phone than this piece of garbage.I thought it would be like my old Galaxy Appeal which was around the same price but I was wrong.Please, nobody buy this phone. Biggest waste of 50 dollars of my life. Giving it one star is 2 too many.

Phone r amazing phone work perfect my girls love them shipped out on time  everything was right .made me the best dad ever well that's what my kids r saying

I have owned this phone for about 3 months, and I am very happy with it.  Android 4.1 is great.  I have it set up with Google Voice and talkatone for free calls over my wifi.  The camera works ok outdoors, but you should use a real camera for your photos.  I miss it not having a front camera, because you can't use it for video chat. I don't like the ATT call plan.  ATT will not sell you the pay per minute plan on a smart phone.  You have to purchase the $ per month plan, and buy a separate data package.  I can burn through their $5 data package in a couple of days if I don't have Wifi available. The speaker on the phone is excellent, I often use it to play music. It has a place to put a micro SD card.  However, you have to take off the back cover to put in and take out the micro sd card. The phone seems to be built cheaply, the back cover is flimsy.  But it has held up well for me, no problems yet. The touch screen with android 4.1 works great.

Brought this phone for my daughters 14th B-day and she loves it..doing more on it then her other phone, and for a very reasonable price then the stores. Although, I'm not crazy about touchscreen, considering getting one for myself.

This phone is so low in quality that:-The touchscreen breaks often-Dust gets INSIDE the screen and cant come out-It lags all the time-Apps crash often-Every button you press takes a good 2 seconds to respond

I like the phone because it is a newer version of android in a older style smart-phone. Basically you get what you pay for which is a high quality touch screen phone. It is very simple to use aswell, great for a beginner smartphone user. They only thing I could have improved was a front facing camera.

The phone arrived just in time for Christmas.  I got them for a reasonable price.  They make great gifts. I would recommend anyone to buy them.

this item was a good price however the item was not described completely when I got the item I was very very annoyed because the camera on the back was cracked the weird thing about it is that the camera does not demonstrate any kind of cracks when taking a picture.I was very upset when I receive the phone just because of something that little does not give a right to let the purchaser know about that. The item works great. I would recommend this seller two friends and family but I would definitely make sure to clarify any damage is done to the phone or item that you purchase I feel that should have most definitely Denon description: however it was not but the item works great and I absolutely love the phone. I got this as a replacement for my pantech renue however I like this phone much better. All I had to do was put my sim card right on the phone and it worked just fine. The item was shipped pretty fast. the only reason I gave this item a low rating was becauseit was not clarified completely the condition of the phone.

I normally have an iPhone 5, long story short i temporarily do not have it so i decided to get this phone. The battery life is terrible, i charge it two or three times a day, there is major lag all the time, and it randomly hangs up the phone when i am having a conversation. Normally all i do on my smartphone is instagram snapchat texting and calling and this phone seems to not be able to handle that, i would suggest no one to buy this phone (especially for teenagers and children, games on it would be horrible).

Don't expect too much from this phone. Its a great inexpensive starter smartphone, but there are some issues. The touchscreen could be more accurate/sensitive. That can be a deal breaker because that's how you control the phone.This phone lags or is a bit sluggish when performing basic tasks. That is expected given its limited processor. Had to enable auto-rotate screen.The camera isn't too bad for 2MP. Battery life isn't terrible, roughly 3 days before it needs charging.. It gets great reception and the calls sound clear. Android 4.1 is a major improvement over past versions.Bottom Line: Not Bad...

Phone is better than expected, Easy to use, great phone for the money! Love the touch screen, the battery life could be a little better.

This product arrived in good condition I hope to continue sending product in that state.the only niggle is that I wish it had unlocked to any telephone, regardless of the country

This phone ks terrible. Does nothing but glitch. Web browsing is a nightmare. Can't play games without it freezing. Barely holds onto wifi. Sends the same texts 10 times, delays texts. Calls people without your knowledge. The keyboard is so god awful that it was a nightmare to write this.

Finally surrendered and shelved my &#34;Go&#34; phone and bought the AT&T Avail 2.  I have no interest in data or email use and only use it for calling and texting.  For that it works fine, although texting is quite slow.  No problem for me but others may find it far to frustrating.  I have some issues with some inconsistencies in a few of the functions but overall I am satisfied.  Of course, the price was hard to beat, but in my mind, why pay more if it does what you need it to do.

It sucks... touchscreen is simply horrible... Takes forever to respond... WI-fi does not work most of the time... Even, basic &#34;calling function&#34; is not smooth.... This is worse than a dumb phone...

This is the perfect I would recommend for everybody. It works so great. I got this phone for my mum and she's always praised me I got her exactly what she wanted.

this phone sucks big time is not worth buying the camera sucks big time it freezes all the time well what can you expect from ZTE & Kyocera both are the same Chinese Japanese no good the only good they know what to do is Sony brand stay away from ZTE & Kyocera trust me no no I'm doing in you a favor from getting grey hairs you will be mad at this both brands all the time I use to buy phones from this brand's I use to be so mad I don't know what I was thinking the music players suck slow internet signal lost 3g never was there the following phones are the phones who gave me grey & white hairs the ZTE warp from boost ZTE avail 1 & 2 ZTE awe Kyocera rise Kyocera event but gues what now that for the first time gotten money to buy a good enough phone I'm happy and have no signal & 3g lost & no music player problems & no more grey hairs growing thanks to the HTC one v good phone go for it :) but if you wanna get grey hairs buy the ZTE avail 2  is on sale at the family dollar store for $49.99 no wonder why lol I wanna see a Samsung galaxy s3 for $49.99 never lol only contract but who needs that :p

it's a good 1st smartphone for anyone.  As most of the reviews of this phone will tell you.  the touchscreen is not as responsive as some people would like,  But I found it to be fine.  I have added a few apps and the android system is not having any problems running them.  Like I said a great 1st smartphone for anyone new to smartphones at an affordable price.

For the price I paid, it is a good cheap phone.. I didn't need one that requires $30 per month data plan.. I just needed to use apps with wi-fi..I find wi-fi almost everywhere so it works great for me...

I bought this phone at a Walmart since they didn't have the Fusion 2 that I wanted.  About the only difference appeared to be the Android version and amount of storage, but once I got it home I discovered many problems.  The phone's camera is worse than horrible.  My 5+ year old dumb phone takes better photos/videos.  The wifi kept losing connection every 2-5 minutes when every other wireless device I have was working fine.  It was also painful to use Android on it because it was rather laggy and scrolling/swiping was difficult when randomly items would get selected on you.  Thankfully I was able to return it for a full refund.

This is the cell phone we got for my teen-aged granddaughter and it's been beat to death but refuses to die.  Within a week, she cracked the glass, and the phone kept working.  It's been dropped and it's flown apart, and it keeps working.  It's been submerged, dried in rice, and it keeps working.  Most recently, it got dropped in the ocean, dried in my pocket until we got home, rinsed with fresh water and dried in rice - and it's still working.And every time it's been in water, it's been there with the broken glass.  And it's still working.I don't use it, I don't touch it, and I can't comment on functionality, bugs and glitches, other than to say my grandkid has been happy with it and doesn't seem to have to shutdown and restart it.  I know it takes very nice videos and I know she thinks she's outgrown it, now.  We respectfully disagree - any phone that's been swimming as much as has this one is still the right phone for a teenager.Some may call it a paperweight, some may expect a $50 phone to be the same as a $500 phone.  It is neither.  It works the way it's meant to work, but it isn't the latest and greatest nor the most powerful hand-held device ever created, and it shouldn't be judged against the bleeding edge.It's as rugged as anything I've ever seen.  It's pretty uglt these days with spiderweb cracks all across the glass, it's been dropped countless times, it's been swimming nearly as often as Michael Phelps and it still works!For $50, what more can you ask?

I loved the idea that this phone could use all the Google apps.  However, there are so many issues that I only used the phone for a few weeks before looking for a new one.-The screen will randomly freeze and you need to take the battery out to restart it-apps frequently freeze or crash-poor camera quality (especially with text and QR Codes)-problems with connecting to bluetooth devices-will switch to airplane mode in the middle of calls-will receive the same text multiple timesThese are just a few of the problems I have faced in the few weeks I used this phone.  I could live without all of the apps, but a phone needs to call and text.  Absolutely terrible.

Great phone! My son loves it. He says it's awesome. It was cool that the apps he uses most were pre-loaded.

I first found the avail phone at an AT&T store.  For some reason, because I was not new to AT&T, they said I couldn't purchase the phone from them.  It turned out I was able to purchase it for $30.00 less on-line, and all I had to do was change phone plans to include data and switch-out the SIM card.  The phone is simple to use, has a decent battery life, and isn't too bulky to fit in my pocket.  Very satisfied overall and I didn't have to enter into a contract.

Purchased this for a 12 year old, as a first phone. Works great for his needs, just wanted something simple to start with & this phone is just that. the  2 mp camera takes decent pictures.  It's an android with access to plenty of apps & As long as you understand that this phone is not top of the line, you'll be satisfied.

I've barely had this phone a year and it has given me a lot of trouble. Keyboard freezes up while typing or disappears. Screen blacks out randomly and only the bottom area lights up. You have to take battery out n put it back inside so itll work. Camera is crappy at night. Blue shows up on your photos. Works smooth awhile after restarting. Its a low price for a reason.

My wife likes the phone for what it can do.It is very simple to use and the screen has good clarity

Is it a high end Samsung or iPhone?  No, it doesn't claim to be.  For an &#34;I need a smart phone, not social status&#34; it's a nice choice.  It seems durable & responsive enough for basic tasks.  One complaint tends to be battery life.  I've found with this phone - and others - turning off services you're not using goes a long ways to extending battery life.  Not using blue tooth? Turn it off. Same with WiFi & mobile data.  If there's not a connection available, the phone will send out 'mating calls' looking for a nonexistent connection and using quite a bit of power in the process.  Enabling/disabling services takes less than 5 seconds, very simple.  Just remember to re-enable what you need when it's available.

Piece of crap Don't buy at&t products They are a complete and total waste of money. Verizon is 100% better

It's a good prepaid phone, I've had it for about a month and its working great. I would definitely recommend it.

I purchased this as a Christmas present for my Mother. Was very happy with it for the first few weeks. As of yesterday, it would not receive calls with 68% battery still remaining (mind you it has only been 6 weeks since it was turned on and now is too late to return it by Amazon's rules). My Mother only averages 1 call per day, so it is not from overuse. I would have been better off purchasing from Walmart. At least they would exchange it. DO NOT PURCHASE UNLESS YOU WANT TO THROW MONEY AWAY.

i am going to buy a galaxy 4 or 5as soon as i save the money for these or some othersalso happy days

I LOVE it!! It's not fancy but it gives me everything I need and it takes pretty decent little pictures too!

Disappointed with service from amazon. I ordered an unlocked phone and was sent a lock phone. I returned that one only to be sent another locked phone. I had to pay Ja $2500 ( 24USD) to unlock it. I will NEVER buy anything from amazon again

Piece of junk. This phone is a health hazard. The screen is tiny, the color on the screen is so dull, the resolution is so bad, things are fuzzy. The screen viewing angle is so bad, you have to look straight to the screen to seen anything, even that the top part looks different from the bottom part. The screen viewing angle is like 5 degree at most. After setting up the phone, my eyes are stree , I feel dizzy and have headache. That's why I call it a health hazard. The processor is snail slow, every mundane tasks takes a few seconds, even typing on the keyboard. It defeat the purpose of having Android, because you can not run most of the apps and have a good experience due to the bad screen and the slow processor. I try not looking at the screen at all cost, but the processor is so slow, I can't. I only install essential utility apps , so I force to not having too much viewing content on the phone. Apps crash easily on this phone, even making a call can crash the calling app. , internet connection via Wi-Fi is flaky, and Bluetooth connection is not reliable. Bluetooth audio does not support after call resume and skip control from my carI try to return this phone, but the store won't take it back, because it is already open. There is no regret pill.. If you do not want to pay too much, spend extra $20 to buy a Nokia Lumia 520, has a much better screen, has descent speed, and the apps are good.

Great phone.  The only problem is very short battery life but other than that no problems so far. Lovin it!!!!!

It messies up all the time the one speaker is messed up and the phone Is slow and turns off on its own.

IT'S NOT WHAT I EXPECTED BUT IT IS OKAY.  SIGNALS WEAKER THAN PHONE PURCHASED THRU AT&T BUT VOICE IS NICE AND CLEAR.

it the best phone I have ever had and it..... is just pure awesomeness and I would recommend it to every one

this is an xmas gift so I cannot say much about it yet.  hopefully it works as good as it looks.

ProsInexpensive(if you break it your not out $400.00 plus), clear screen, great Android experience, has all the bells and whistles, light weight, sounds good, pics good, doesn't feel cheap, fast enough for me on the web (If I want a better web experience i'll use my Nexus 7 and 10),Cons:NoneI bailed on iPhone and I am happy I did&#8230;this phone is much better an 1/8 the cost.  Apple is committing suicide!

Do not waste your money...bought this phone on Amazon in December 2013 as there was a discount on it, and of course it stopped working 2 weeks after the warranty expired on it, replaced the battery to see if that was the problem but unfortunately not, the phone is just no use....I will no longer buy any electronics from Amazon, this product was obviously a lemon and there is a reason why they have such short warranties on their electronics..now, I'm stuck with a phone that does not work, and renewed my minutes just days before it stopped working....what a waste of money!!!!

it gets the job done.  just takes a while for some programs to load.  I sent my s3 into repair. this phone is good if you just call, text, email.  and don't mind waiting if you use other apps.

The Avail is a great way to get the convenience of a smart phone without paying a lot of money.  It has all of the other features that most of the high dollar phones have at a fraction of the cost.  The wall charger acts as both an AC charger and as a usb cord, which is nice as I personally have not found too many of the less expensive phones that have that feature.  It is thin phone that even with a case fits nicely in a shirt pocket or purse and it not too long, yet the touch screen is the perfect size.  It is also very durable for those of us who have members in our household that seem to be very rough on cell phones.  I definitely recommend this phone to others.

I like the phone its great but when you connect to wifi it keep dropping every 5 -10 minutes or less.

i hate this phone so much a waste of money i called 911 twice and it calls random people :(

Very satisfied. This phone can do so many things. Love the apps. Would definitely recommend to everyone. I bought it for my husband but i will be getting one soon.

Blue tooth would not connect with my 2013 car. Hard to answer. Did show who the text message was from had to scroll all to find it which really doesn't work when you have 3 kids and you have to check each one to find who it was. Really unhappy. Went back to my phone with the failed speaker...Will wait for my upgrade

This is a awesome go phone. I brought myself one when they first came out and loved it. its a touch screen phone and you can do anything you want with it. I has wifi in my house and am able to go on the internet play games so anything I want. and the keyboard is easy to see. I love it and would recommend it to anyone who wants a smart phone but not have to pay to much for it.

High end phones cost 12 times the price of this phone.  They are NOT 12 times better than this phone.  Don't be fooled by those monthly plans that only require a small down payment for the phone.  Over time, you pay big money for the smart phones that everybody wants.  If you get complacent and don't change your plan, you'll pay for it TWICE in 4 years.  People just don't realize what they pay for phones over time with those convenient &#34;plans&#34;.  I've had my Avail 2 phone for a couple of months now and I'm very satisfied with it.  I don't have a data plan, I don't need it, and 10 cents a minute is a tremendous bargain.  Most of those lovely plans obligate you at 10 cents a minute and you can't roll the minutes over.  Between home and work, I'm around a computer and telephone all day long.  Why pay for internet access while driving home, or at the grocery store?  Why pay for minutes you never use?  Ha!  For those who talk a lot and do need a data package, there is a nice voice and data plan available for $45/mo IF YOU OWN YOUR OWN PHONE.  A Go Phone is the way to own your phone.  Believe me, none of your friends own their phones.  They're all paying and paying and paying.
