
This phone has more features than the old ones did.  It was worth it to get this new one because the last Convoy would not shut off.It works well for my husband who is rather hard on his electronics.I do the programming of it and it is tedious, but easy...at least for me.He is pleased with it.

It was easy to get it up and running. The price beat anything at the Verizon store. Needed to start another two year contract with Verizon but I had no problem with that. Didn't need a phone with bells and whistles with additional monthly fees. Can't beat this for basic service.

For the older person who wants to just talk, expects durability, and likes to hear better from a phone this is the one on the market today that accomplishes all these expectations. Many of the other phones deal with high price texting options which this will do but we did not purchase the phone for this option.  Also go to the Company, or other places to purchase this phone and you will find over 160.00 worth of fees to purchase a great phone for 19.00. This is the only way I will ever upgrade to a different phone and remove all the fees associated by a Independent Company who will same you with additional costs.  Excellent choice for our needs and wants!!

This phone has failed me for the last time. I threw it across the room and it broke against my monitor. I threw it out of fury. As had happened many times, the person on the other end kept asking if I was there and eventually hung up. The person called back and I got the all too familiar "Hello. Hello. Hello. Are you there?" and hung up again. That's when the phone went flying across the room and shattered against my monitor.The speaker sucked on this phone too. It wasn't loud enough and is unclear. I frequently had to ask people to repeat what they said.I haven't had a decent speaker phone in 10 years. Manufacturers have focused so much of their efforts into texting and apps, phones aren't good at phone calls. Although this phone isn't for texting and apps, it looks like they put their left over engineers on this phone's design and had the parts manufactured by whoever could give them the cheapest price.

Access to micro sd card is really good. construction is rugged and the phone is Great on battery life. Love it for a basic phone when texting and internet is not the main need.

The size of the letters in text messages is sooo tiny that you can hardly read them - have tried & tried to make them larger but it just won't. My pictures were transferred from my Convoy 2 unto the Convoy3 but they are not as sharp and they won't fill the page, aggravating with a larger screen. Have not been able to keep T9 set have to select it each time. Just hope the 3 is as sturdy as C-2.

I have had Convoy 1&2. 3 is better in that it does not pocket text all the time like 2 did. Rugged and loud, with not many choices in basic phones, I'll take it!

I like this phone for what I needed.  It is sturdy, but doesn't have some of the features I liked in my previous phone.  For example, to use the speaker phone you have to press the button each time you want to place a call.  I tried locking it in place, but it always times out.

this phone voice is clear,but the key reacting is lagging,and some time i cannot turn the camera on.do any body has the same feeling?

Purchased this phone for my husband after his got run through the wash.  This phone is very sturdy and great if you aren't into the whole texting thing.  Bought this a lot cheaper than going through the Verizon store for the very same phone.

I THOUGHT THIS WAS A BRAND NEW PHONE BUT IT HAS SO MANY QUIRKS AND NOW I HAVE TO TSKE IT TO A VERIZON STORE TO HAVE IT CHECKED OUT, AND I AM DISABLED AND ONLY 40yrs OLD AND VERY SICK WITH LOTS OF PHYSICAL STUFF SO THANKS

Not sure I love this phone yet but I do like it.I had  a Samsung fliptop for years so now I am moving slowly intothe 20th century and this has more features than myold one which was mocked by many. It is great to make callsand not have them dropped or even to make calls at all.I am happy with it.Margie

I'm very pleased with the Samsung Convoy 3 phone... easy setup, easy to use. No idea what the prior reviewer is complaining about as far as font size goes... the font size on the display is huge, and I've got it on the 2nd smallest size available. The Setup Wizard is easy to access (Menu>Settings&Tools;>Set-up Wizard) and you can configure most of the display settings by walking through that process. Disregard the earlier reviewer's font size complaints.Pros:"Flashlight" option - uses camera LED flash as a flashlight.. it's crazy bright!!! Wow!Logical menusMost customization options I've ever seen in a feature phoneEasy call controlsVolume can go very loud... nice featureControl of key features from front screen of phoneVery logical operationStrong reception even in borderline areasVery good battery lifeDurable, well constructed... looks like it will stand up to any accidental abuseDoes exactly what a phone is supposed to do without any goofy "smartphone" crapBuilt-in camera is decent resolution and acceptable qualityMemory card slot for music files and picture storageCons:A little thick, but that's part of the deal with rugged-type phonesSomewhere I read that there's FM Radio functionality. I can't find it. Sure wish there was.

I bought this product six months ago. It started shutting itself off last month and recently shut off while I was on a call. I'm not able to find any help to replace it.

I love this phone. It meets my requirements totally.I have no need for a smart phone or the cost of a data plan. For what I do, it is all I need.

I have read many reviews about this phone on this website, Verizon and other sites and they all say the same thing about this phone. One says the text is to small for texting and the images are not as good as the convoy 2 phone. Another person says it is not true. There are to many conflicting opinions so I am waiting before I make a decision to buy or not.I will try going to a Verizon store to see if they have one there to look at and try out. Guess that is the only way for me to see for myself before purchasing.

The alarm clock is faulty and the phone lags. Whenever I receive any text messages, I HAVE to open them and they disrupt whatever I am currently doing on the phone. I am not impressed in the slightest with this phone. I will be returning it.

Cons:The phone is thicker and heavier than it should be given the year and competition.As far as I can tell the PTT button (red) is not active on the phone unless you pay additional money.Pros:The construction is rugged and feels like the phone can stand a good deal of abuse.Summary:There are better Verizon models out there.

As the latest model, It is a sturdy and well made flip phone. Should last long after the contract expires.

Love the phone, is what I wanted, a simple durable flip phone to talk on when I am out in the field. WILL NOT WORK ON STRAIGHT TALK OR ANYONE OTHER THAN VERIZON!!!!

I bought this phone for my dad. He  has trouble hearing and works a lot outdoors. He is able to hear well and he doesn't have to worry about getting nicks or scratches. The phone is well worth the money!

SINCE DECEMBER ,MY 5TH PHONE .. 5 TO 10 SEC..DELAY IN COMING ON.CALL WAITING WORKS SOMETIMES,CAMERA WORKS WHEN IT WANTS,,Tried to get a different model(even pay) Verizon said they can only replace with the same refurb  junk!!! so they will keep paying shipping for a replacement phone but not replace it with a different model.... 12 YEAR LOYAL CUSTOMER!!!!THANKS VERIZON

My 87 year old grandparents are extremely hard of hearing and do not use smartphones.  They wouldn't know what to do with a smartphone if they had one.  This is the perfect choice.  It's LOUD!  They can hear it ring and hear when they talk.  It's durable - if they drop it, it will survive.  Perfect if all you want is a reliable flip phone.

Samsung Convoy 3 (Verizon Wireless)The instructions are not complete, had to call and get tech help, they were great, still trying to learn all the aspects of the phone. trial and err method.

This phone is all I need to get and make telephone calls. In fact it is clearer and easier to hear conversations than the smart phone I was using.If you text you won't like this phone or if you web surf of even play games, but with the $30 I'll save each month I can buy a better than decent digital camera for when I want to take pictures; and pictures and calls is all I need.

Had the Convoy 2 for 3 years, and was impressed with the sound level, specially from having other flip phones that were hard to hear incoming calls from another room.  Convoy impressed me.  Than went to the iPhone 5S smartphone, and after 7 months with one, I missed the Convoy, and decided I'm not a kid that needs a smartphone, sold it for a profit, than got the Convoy 3, and well pleased with it.Like the better 2.5 mm head phone jack if I wanted to  speak with someone longer (Headset) without having to have the phone next to the ear.  Sound quality is very good, rugged so having one placed in my front pocket is never an issue, as well as dropping one it won't break.  I use it as a phone and have a computer at home for the other stuff.One issue with the Convoy 2, was that from time to time, the phone would turn off after the second year, and didn't know why.  Did a google search, and found a fix for it.  The battery would come slightly loose, and would not make contact, which caused the phone to turn off.  Simple fix for everyone would be to cut a business card to the size of the battery, place the card on the battery, and put the back cover on.  Wa-La...Fixed the issue.  Unknown if this one will have same issue down the road but now I know how to handle it.

Many years ago started with straight cell phone and loved everything about it.  Then went for the &#34;good life&#34; with Internet.Already had a 28&#34; desk top screen, then added the 9&#34; tablet, and a 17&#34; laptop.  That cell phone screen was so small usage was limited.  Always went for the tablet or desk top with their bigger screens and much faster navigation.  Even with a stylus the phone was a hassle.My two yrs went by plus two more.  Finally I asked myself why am I paying $2650 for each two yrs contract?  After looking at what was popular found the Convoy.  It was so successful it's 3rd version was now offered.  Still wondering about $10 or $20 a month for texting??  Maybe just pay .20ea text?  Often when I send a text to friends I still call them to work out details and misunderstandings.  Plus calling seems so much more personal even with clients.Been studying the Internet Convoy 3 manual couple days now.  Pretty straight forward and I like it's simplicity and saving about $50/mon on our two phones.  $600/yr matters to us and I still prefer the desk top 28&#34; or sometimes the 9&#34; tablet.Another plus for my wife and I is how clear the voice is on the Convoy.  Way better than the Samsung Galaxy ever was.  Convoy is built tough so no cases or pouches or screen savers.  Dropping it a few times seems to be ok according to users??Four years and $1200 wasted on Iphones.  Some do lots of business on them and good for them.  I draw CAD and 28&#34; is best for that with 5 to 8 million key strokes per project!  Two Convoy 3s total $36.02 all tax except .02, LOLHappy Trails

I like my phone, had a convoy 1 for 4 yrs & loved it. haven't had the 3 long enough to know how it will last

I bought two of these and both have the same problem.  The battery loses contact with the pressure pins and powers down the phone.  I have to open the back cover, remove the battery and reinsert to make contact often.  This problem started after about two months of use.  The warranty has run out so I can't return the phones.Another complaint is the surprise tax that makes my $20 phone into a $40 one, collected by Verizon when activated for an additional $30 activation fee.  I assumed that activation was free for a two year contract.My old phones were Samsung Trances and they worked great.  The only reason I upgraded was for the new bluetooth so I could load my address book.  This phone had insert-able connector for positive contact.

This phone was purchased to replace my teenage son's almost 4-year old Motorola Barrage, which after 2 screen replacements I decided to replace the phone instead of another screen and the phone's mic. The camera's picture quality is much clearer than the Barrage. As other reviewers have noted, there is a slight delay when opening the phone before the screen comes on. As a society we have been trained to expect instantaneous results, but I don't believe that this delay is an issue at all. If you can't wait one second for the screen to appear, you'd better be needing to call 911. I have used this phone to make/receive calls and have had to call it from another phone. The call quality is very clear, in spite of background noise. This phone has a very, very bright LED flashlight, which could come in quite handy! The built-in music player doesn't get used, so I can not comment on it or how using it affects the battery. We also don't use the Push-to-Talk feature. Most of the generic ring tones are bit on the &#34;girly&#34; side, but all the phones we have seem to be this way. I paired this ruggedized phone with a &#34;Turtleback Case Leather for Samsung Convoy 3 U680 Flip Phone Case with Rotating Belt Clip, Sold by Leather Pro Store&#34;. It does add a tiny bit of bulk and weight, but I decided the phone needed some extra protection against my very active son.

Just to be up front, I did not purchase this phone through Amazon, but directly from Verizon. I'm "old school", and didn't want a "smart" phone, (or the extra $30 a month for a Data Plan). After watching it for weeks, it finally went on sale for $0 with a new contract, so I jumped on it. After putting up with total cheap-O phones and poor cell service from T-Mobile Prepaid, I needed a new phone and carrier, so the Verizon deal was perfect. On to the Samsung Convoy 3...I've only had the phone since December 2nd, so this is a preliminary review of what I've found so far. I'll update it after I've had it longer. Thought I'd get my first impression out for folks like me who are need a new flip phone, but are having trouble finding many reviews of the Convoy 3.I never owned the two previous Convoys, so I can't compare. But from complaints about "pocket texting" and other inadvertent pushes of the outside buttons when carried in a pants pocket, the new Convoy 3 front button Lock is a big improvement. I have carried it in my pocket and have not had a problem walking around, or when pulling it out. BTW, this thing is pretty BIG for a flip phone, but still seems OK to carry in a pants pocket all day.Coming from a bottom of the line LG and Samsung pre-paid phone, the Convoy 3 is a MUCH nicer phone. It's well constructed and feels solid. Is it Military Grade tough? I doubt it. I don't find it any more solid than my wife's LG Accolade, but always thought her phone was a good quality device, much better than the newer Revere2 or Samsung Gusto that's available now. Manufacturers are putting most of the R & D, and quality design dollars into "smart phones" now, so finding a good flip phone nowadays is tough. The only other phone I considered was the LG Exalt, but didn't like the form factor and keys seemed cheapo. Many reviews s far rate the voice quality as very good, but I never had the chance to try it for comparison.The main screen is nice, with good resolution and clarity. The one brief time I tried it in the sun, it washed out, but I didn't expect it to stay that legible...remember it's not a Galaxy where the screen is everything ;-). The outer screen is small and a little cramped when using the shortcuts, but because the resolution is good, everything is legible. I like the outer screen and buttons being able to navigate some of the phone's functions when it's closed.Other things I really like is the customization options that were sorely lacking on my two previous crummy phones. I can't compare it to anything but my wife's LG, but seems like it has a few more bells and whistles. I don't use her phone, so maybe not the most informed opinion ;-). There is a lot I have to learn about the Convoy's menus and all the options available, but so far it seems pretty complete.I don't text, use the wireless web, or Bluetooth, so I can't comment on those features. Also, I haven't used the camera/video cam, so no idea of the quality of either. I will update those over time. As others have mentioned, the flashlight is great! Very bright, nicely defused light. I can see loving it in a pinch now that it's getting dark so early.I can't comment yet on coverage. I live in San Francisco, and so far I haven't had any issues. I will update as time goes on. As far as Voice Quality, I am just a tad disappointed it wasn't better. When I've talked to my wife on her Verizon cell, it sounded very much like we were on cell phones...clear and understandable, but slightly distorted. I have since turned down the volume and will see if that helps.Besides initial voice quality impressions, I had a couple other disappointments...I carry the phone in my pants pocket, so wanted something with a strong vibrate and loud ring. The convoy has neither. With one of the default ring tones, turned up to max, I still have a little difficulty hearing it if the speakers are facing my leg, and the vibrate isn't strong enough to help out. I'll update this too if I find another ring tone that's louder.This is my First Impression review, and I will update it after I've lived with my Convoy 3 for a while as I'm sure I will have more informed opinions about it then.1-18-14 Update:Here are a few things I've noticed about the Convoy 3 since I've had it a while...1. Announces Caller I.D. via speaker before phone rings. A little difficult to understand who it is when it's in a pocket, but nice feature if it's not.2. Flashlight is really handy! When you activate it from the outside buttons, it only stays on a short time, but when activated with the phone open, it stays on. Just don't shine it in afriend's eyes ;-).3. Photos taken in good light are really quite decent. Low light is more a challenge (not so great for sunsets when a flash won't help). Bluetooth transfer works fine.4. Speaker phone function works with phone closed...yeay! Answer an incoming call by holding down the right spine Speaker button, and a start talking. No need to open the phone. The speaker hasas much volume as I've needed so far.5. If you want to check time, battery level, or whatever the outer display info shows, simply hit one of the outer buttons and it wakes up. Old flip without outer buttons had to be opened toview missed calls, battery level, etc. You have to unlock the buttons to use the menu, but for a quick glance at info, it's a nice touch.6. No pocket texting, or any volume level changes, etc., from accidental button pushes.7. Battery life is good...I may talk 15 minutes max a day, very few photos, flashlight or speaker use per week (give or take), and I've been getting around a week between charges.8. I don't text much, but font size could be a touch larger. I can still read it without glasses though.9. Missed call reminder ringtone is nice, and programmable.10. Vibrate mode is almost too weak to be useable in a pocket. WTF? A "rugged" phone with a wimpy vibrate mode? C'mon Samsung!11. Wakeup delay of a couple seconds when opening the phone to make a call makes me wonder if it's on or not.5-8-14 Update:A couple things I've noticed that are more negative :-(.1. Tone of speaker is too warm or muddy, at least for me. I wish there was a Tone control to add treble. I'm sure my years of listing to Rock music at too high of levels has killed my sensitivity to higher frequencies (my mom told me this would happen!), but I find my wife's older LG Accolade has clearer call quality.2. Coverage could be better. Again, compared to the wife's Accolade, the Samsung Convoy 3 loses signal easier - not a lot, but occasionally it drops a call in a spot the LG wouldn't.3. I've been texting more, and the fonts really need one size larger. Seems like Samsung could address this with a software update, but I'm not holding my breath :-(.4. A lot of difficulty getting the thing to connect to my computer via USB to download video or multiple photos - picking out a bunch of photos on the small screen is tedious to do via Bluetooth.A couple positives :-)1.Outdoors in good light, the camera is pretty good. You won't confuse the photos with a good digital camera, but now I don't miss my Canon Elph as much or always feel the need to drag my bigger camera around.2. Speakerphone is nice and loud, and to me, a little clearer than the regular handset speaker (as long as the volume isn't cranked up TOO high).

This phone is what I was looking for.  It's a rugged phone, so I don't have to treat it with kid gloves.  Wish the flashlight tool would stay on longer -- only gives about 15 seconds of light and you have to flip the cover to activate it again.  Has all the other things that I need.  Don't need to spend the extra $30 a month for a smart phone.

Sound is a little off, but overall it is a good phone so far.  Buttons on outside are not that easily bumped, but you do need to use caution

This phone is soild and functional.  The audio on calls is good, the external speakers are okay, battery life is good, response time can be a little slow. Screen is a little small and its kind of hard to view pictures.  The features are surprisingly customizable.  You can change text size, set individual ringtones and notification sounds, change the shortcuts and the functions of the side buttons.  These can all be done with a little exploring and help from the manual or forums online.  A lot of the the reviews i read have complaints that could be solved if they tried a little.  If you're looking for a good basic phone, I recommend the convoy 3.

We had been using the Samsung Convoy 2 for the last couple of years and were very happy with it. This is the next step up from a basic phone but rugged and approved by the military. The more modern, contemporary Convoy 3 came along and we found the tweaked functions were a nice improvement. A lot of people realized this and the Convoy 3 was difficult to find in stock. We finally did and are very happy with the new edition of the Convoy.

If you want to buy this, I have a few words for you:Get a life. Get a Galaxy S4(this is just a joke, no hater replies ;P)

I got a new phone that was light weight , sleek looking and much more stylish. My husband was kind enough to trade me for the one he got-  THIS phone. I can hear better on this phone, the keys are easier to use and it is easier to hold in my hand. If I drop it, I think it will hold up. It is a sturdy phone, simple and I like to be able to answer a phone call by just flipping it open. It is not easy for me to use many of the phones that are coming out today, but this phone is perfect for me- a senior or for anyone who likes a basic, rugged phone.

Phone looks and acts like brand new. Just costs a lot less! Very happy!!

Bought this phone for my husband.  He really likes that it will tell you who sent you a text or who is calling.  The quality is what it says it is - we are happy so far with this product.

Easy to use, compact design. Good speaker phone, decent camera. Amazon is wonderful to deal with. Keeps it's charge for a long time.

Had a Samsung on a prepaid plan and decided on Cyber Monday to upgrade. The negative reviews (I believe) must be because of not bothering to read the manual (Online). I have printed several pages of the manual so I can gradually learn the 'ins & outs' of this model phone. I had a Verizon plan with a previous Samsung and the reception was great (in the mtns). I am a senior lady and have learned that to save future headaches, TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS. Since I am used to online chat and instructions I find it no problem to listen to the 'young nerds' as they usually solve any questions/problems I have. I recommend this Convoy 3 Samsung and am having a ball with it!! I prefer this phone rather than a 'smarty-pants' phone.

I just got this phone but I can already say I love it.  I was looking for something tough and yet simple.  I have found it with this phone.  The sound quality is amazing and texting is easy too.  I would recommend this phone for anyone who wants a tough durable user friendly phone.

This is a terrific phone at a great price.  The sound is extremely clear and audible.  It is sturdy and easy to use.  Amazon's price on this phone was unbelievably low compared to other prices found elsewhere.  Great purchase.

I owned convoy2 and had no choice but convoy3 now. The font is so small I can hardly read and pictures sent to me are very small. Why would Samsung change the font on the newer phone so small we can't read . I text everyday with grandchildren and am stuck with this for 2 years.

We are having difficulty with one of the two phones we ordered.  It has to be recharged frequently and they both sometime fail to ring alerting us of an incoming call, therefore, we miss calls.  They seem to have a delay in lighting up when flipped open.

There has to be a software problem on this phone. The text font on the Convoy 3 is 1/2 the size of the Convoy 2. It is nearly impossible to use. I spoke with Samsung and they couldn't fix it. You have two choices small and smaller.  Other then that it is very similar to the Convoy 2.

why  I didn't like  it  because verizon  refused  to  put  it  on  display in  the  store to  check it  out , so  I  order  one &  I got  it I  put  my  sd card  in  it and  turned  it  on  tried  to  find  my  contacts they didn't  show  up  the  outside keys would always  stay  lock till you  unlock them. the back cover  didn't  feel very rugged  no seal in it,  is  not  a  very  good  feel as  compare  to  my  motorola v860 witch is very true  mill spec the  feel  is  strong the  convoy  is  not  that  good B4 u buy a  phone call  verizon &  ask about  the  restocking charge if  you cant  see  it  on display &  use  it. ask  for  a  waver for  the  restocking  charge but  call  611 so it can  benoted  on  your  account &  if  no  account new customer you  must be firm  with  the  agent,as  to what  you  want  them  to  do, be foryou  buy  it. Save  yourself a  headache.

By today's standards this is a pretty basic phone, but I'm happy with it. This phone should last me a couple of years.

I have nothing but problems with this phone.  It was replaced one and the microphone is bad.  Voice cuts in and out.  Very unhappy with this phone

For over a month, I've been trying to find a fix for the alarms, neither Verizon nor Samsung have helped.  This problem dates back to the Convoy 2 according to the Verizon community.  Otherwise, it is a nice rugged flip, although WAY overpriced ($150).

I did not want a smart phone and this phone has more stuff on it than I will ever use. I am really thankful to the salesman at the Verizon, that suggested that I buy it on line and save myself a lot of money.
