
This is an exceptional phone, easy to use, very intuitive and GREAT camera. However there are some drawbacks that I came to not like after 3 months of use, end recently sold the phone to get the iPhone 5s.Camera:The camera and the video recorder render great results, but it takes longer to get the camera open (even when using the side button) and to finally take a shot versus the iPhone. As a result I missed out on catching some moments while visiting my friends baby because the camera didn't open fast enough. I'm not saying this is a drawback to not buy, but if you are not a photographer but more of a 'heat of the moment' camera phone / Reddit user who posts funny shots, then you might miss out because of the lag.Also, someone mentioned the up-close shots not working. It's true. You can switch to macro and spend time adjusting settings, but problem is you can't get truly up close to an object. I was trying to shoot jewelry pics to share a photo of my engagement ring and I had to take shots from about 5 inches away and then crop them. Obviously this is just a small drawback because I should truly be using a DSLR if I need high quality macro shots. But I was disappointed. I actually went to a Microsoft store to get help using the camera and I still couldn't get up close shots to work correctly.Operating System:I bought this phone for the camera, but after 3 months I barely used it enough to warrant the change to Windows. I think the problem is I was spoiled with some great apps on the iPhone (native instagram app, Flipboard, educational apps). Instagram and Flipboard are finally releasing a Windows version but it won't be out until January 2014 (most likely). I used those apps daily and the substitute apps for instagram are just not as fluid and easy as the original.After a month, I was barely using the phone compared to my old iPhone 4s. It would just sit in my bag and I'd take an occasional photo and just text message. I now realize just how much I wasn't utilizing it after switching back to iPhone.Music:Compared to the iPhone, the music setup on the Lumia 1020 is terrible. It's not intuitive, and if for instance you are listening to a song on your headphones or AUX cable in your vehicle, you need to turn up the volume considerably, but when you detach the cable the phone doesn't realize that you did this. It stays on full volume. Imagine getting a phonecall on 30/30 volume. The iPhone recognizes the changes automatically, so this was a drawback after a while since I use a AUX cable setup in my car.Gps/Directions:Best maps software period. Directions don't require data if you download them on home first via wi-fi. I would recommend this phone for heavy gps users / travelers.Various:It took me 2 months to figure out how to use 'linked inboxes' so if you're struggling to use outlook, do yourself a favor and go online and watch a 2 minute video. The mail functions in this phone are unparalleled. Also, being able to edit microsoft word documents is great. It was another reason I bought the phone and I barely used to be honest, but it is GREAT when you need it.My brother has had windows phones since they first came out, swears by them, and loves them. He connects via his Xbox account and likes to keep everything within the same ecosystem from phone, computer, tablet, gaming. This is a wonderful aspect to Microsoft, much like the Apple ecosystem offers the iPad, Macbook, iPod, iPhone. I personally have all the those apple devices so it was hard to transition to using a Windows phone, where I can't transfer things as easily. There is a Windows Phone program you can download to your Mac Computer to easily transfer files, you can download via the Microsoft support site.Glitches:When resetting the phone to factory settings, it took 16 hours of spinning gears, multiple hard resets, until it let me setup the phone for the person I was selling to. 16 hours. I was disgusted. After reading the same problem online for other users, I realize that some phones take 30 minutes and one guy said it took him 24 hours to factory reset the phone. I thought I had bricked the device about 3 hours in, but low and behold it came back to life the morning after I started. This is unacceptable. Microsoft released a patch for this but you need to experience to fix it and I didn't take the time to. Frankly, I shouldn't have to for a 800$ phone.Overall:If you want a powerful camera on a phone, like windows 8, and don't mind less apps, this is the phone for you. If you are however in love with iOS and don't mind iOS7, then stick with iPhone and get the 5s. The camera isn't as great as the Lumia 1020, but for the casual user you won't notice the difference.

i needed a phone a fone and i got what i wanti recommend it to anyone who want to buy a good product

Device is wonderful. As advertised, unlocked and in good condition. Included accessories were not. Screen protector was poor quality and scratched, after market charger was wrong voltage/amperage to properly charge phone. If you buy, do not use chargers that are sent with device.

To be honest, i was just about to switch to another brand and forget about nokia. With this phone, nokia has kept a loyal customer. Very good phone, i would highly recommend it.

First off, the phone didn&#8217;t come with the poetic case nor screen protector. I&#8217;m deducting 1 star for poor delivery. How can you not put something in the package that&#8217;s clearly in the description&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;.Anyways, I just recently came from a LG G2. Prior to getting this phone, I was all android. I&#8217;m not going to comment like a lot of people and list WP8 as a CON. I knew exactly what I was getting myself into. A lot of apps in the windows market are still in a beta stage. Overtime windows will get there with their app market. I absolutely love the OS. It&#8217;s very fluid and the phone doesn&#8217;t even have that top processor that most of its competitors have. Just installed 8.1 and the phone is now even more awesome.Pros: The phone&#8217;s UI is neat. Performance is great. Build quality is solid. There&#8217;s no need to speak on how awesome the camera is, everyone knows. Sound quality is great. Windows 8.1, WP8 is heading in the right direction. WP8.1 is a huge improvement.Con: Battery life isn&#8217;t bad at all but it can be better. I still can get through a day of use with ease. The 720 display might be a bother for some but I can barely tell the difference.

It's an excellent hardware. But when it comes to the software it's disgusting : though nokia's phone, it doesn't synchronize with Nokia PC suit ant though it's a Windows phone it doesn't synchronize with Microsoft outlook !!! isn't it ironic?

41 megapixels!!! That is the selling feature of this phone. Everything relating to the camera is fantastic! Low light? No problem! Fast moving subject? Change settings and a perfect picture! The camera is phenomenal. There is no question about that. Unfortunately, that's about where the glamour ends.Rather than doing a long paragraph, I will do key points.PROS:camera!!!good battery life (only charge once every day to day and a half)great signal strength - I have better coverage and can make calls in places that are on the edge of service (however see con below)clear speakerphoneCONS:dicey call quality - completely hit and miss, no matter the signal or who I call. Sounds garbled about half the timeno memory car slot - 41 megapixel pics take up a lot of space and free space is somewhere around 27-28 gb because of the operating systemwindows - I had one of the first windows phones and actually liked it. After having an android, I find the windows store not to be up to par. Lack of free apps or ones use is disappointing.no removable battery - I didn't think this would be an issue until I have tried to disconnect calls and had the phone freeze. It eventually unfreezes after about 5-10 seconds, but that seems like a long time when you're trying to hang up.Overall, I think it's an ok phone with an amazing camera. I really wanted it to be the perfect phone but sadly it falls short. But, if you don't mind the imperfections, the camera really does almost make up for the lackluster phone portion.On a side note, I love windows 8 on my computer, so this isn't an anti-microsoft review. I just don't find windows mobile up to par with android or apple.

Im very happy with my new mobil nokia. Now im learn to use it , it s fast, comfortable, easy to use applications.

Excellent! It works Well but the pictures from its camera are not the best!It does not take all apps

I wasn't sure if I wanted a Windows phone.... I have had both iPhones and Androids with my latest phone being the Galaxy S4, which is a great phone.  However, after buying a laptop/tablet hybrid which had Windows 8 loaded I became more intrigued with the metro style of Windows.  Once you get used to it, I like it a lot.  Everything is fairly well integrated and you can easily move between programs and access programs quickly.  The live tiles are great, I just wish maybe they gave you another page instead of one big long page for the tiles.Now, this phone specifically is very snappy.  I really haven't had any lag and the photos taken by the phone are phenomenal.  I can quickly access the camera with a quick press/hold of the camera button and it is open and I am snapping photos fast.Cons:  The app store is a bit light on programs but that is improving daily.  Also, the back of the phone has the lens raised up a bit so it makes it a bit awkward to hold at certain angles.  A case I have on order should take care of that as many commenters regarding that product said it helped with this awkward feel.So, if you want a phone that is more customizable than an iphone and not as complicated as an Android - then a Windows phone is for you and I think the Lumia 1020 is the best one our there right now for this OS.  Buy it!

I absolutely love this phone, it is easy to use and very intuitive.  My only disappointment was that the phone came in Chinese, with a Chinese manual, but like I said it is so intuitive to use that I was able to decipher pretty easily how to move around and set it to English within minutes of powering it on.  I wish that the description included this information, but it was not a major hassle, just a momentary panic.  Love, love, love this...would buy it again!

1st Day (5 stars)I watched many reviews trying to decide if to buy this phone. Many of the reviews said to make sure to buy the camera grip. (It costs about a US$70 extra)....I almost cried with joy at the surprise of seeing that the camera grip came with this!!!! :) I specifically bought mine from SHOPBEST btw. So far, everything is GREAT.I will update this more as I use it but initial reaction and use is - love4th Day (3 stars)  After first use. I won't recommend another person to buy this phone because the sheer short battery life is just not worth it even though i've employed all possible energy saving settings. I thought the app eco system wouldn't bother me that much, but it does. I have a big problem with Whatsapp and Push Notifications not working as well :/

Nokia lumia 1020 is one of the best phones released this year.it has numerous postives.The first is the excellent 41 mega pixels and a window 8 OS as operating system.It is possible to take awesome photos with it.This phone has access to nokia music and the loudspeaker is terrific and this phone is excellent and is very highly recommended.

The best one up to now... I was scared to use a windows phone after 3 years using a Iphone, but it's surprised me... the gadget is good and works fine, and of course, the best camera ever...pros:easy to usegreat camerasync fine with Imaccons:touch technology is not so good as applecamera does not focus on closer images ( can not use some apps to scan bar codes )battery ends quickly ( there ways to avoid it, but.... )miss some apps that was not developed yet to windows phone

I had Android HTC Sensation before and syncing with my Outlook and 5 identities I use was an issue. Also there were problems with using the calendar on Android. I have now synced all my outlook email accounts (including gmail) with my Lumia. The outlook calendar now works well.I was worry about the apps, but actually I have everything I need. I even use google maps.The battery life is spectacular. I go on for 2 days on a single charge as I do not use it as phone that much, however, I do a lot of radio streaming and use data/emails/web all the time.The voice call quality is outstanding.I also uploaded some music to Lumia and it automatically downloaded covers - all this without using iTunes.The camera is good, probably and overkill for my needs. There is a separate button, just for the camera, and you can take pictures without going through waking up the phone and unlocking.I travel a lot and this phone is simply spectacular.

Delivery is timely and satisfactory. Lumia 1020 phone is amazing, with the best picture and video quality ever to be installed in a mobile phone. It is simply the best.

I am a serious photographer and so having a camera around me at all times is a great thing. That is the sole weakness of my full frame DSLR system and the Nokia 1020 (Microsoft 1020 now?) fits the bill. For review of the camera look elsewhere - there are many and all are positive.Actually, I did not purchase the phone from Amazon. Why? I placed the order with one of the companies associated with Amazon. They took the money and disappeared. When the phone did not arrive at the time it was supposed to, I had to fill a relatively simple online form with Amazon. I was not the only one duped, so Amazon knew about this company and the association was cancelled. I called Amazon shortly after filling the form. I talked to a very pleasant lady that appreciated the discomfort and frustration I felt, promptly processed my request for reimbursement and I received the money promptly. Great service Amazon!!!! although I hope you will not have to go through this.I purchased Nokia 1020 from another online vendor. For me the surprise is the Windows 8 environment. This is my first smartphone, so I do not have in mind anything to compare it to. It does not seem too difficult to learn to use it. Everybody talks about a dearth of apps. Perhaps this is an issue if you want a specific app that is not available on Windows or if you are an app collector. If you just want a couple of apps to do a few basic things (GPS, VOIP, Battery utility etc.), you have great many apps to choose from (free and for pay), and some of them seem good.Aesthetically, the phone is sleek, it fits comfortably in my hand and feels substantial. It meets my expectations based on my reading before the purchase and I am pleased.

They say the best camera is the one you have on you when you need it, well I always have my phone and with the 1020 I always have the best camera hands down.  Did I mention how much I love this phone--well I do love it!  I also believe windows phone operating system is the most modern and user friendly phone operating system in the market place.  Want to buck the trend, and get rewarded for it--go with the lumia 1020 you simply will not regret it!

I bought it because of the video quality.I have a big problem with the phone though because I have not been able to &#34;unlock&#34; it. I live in Brasil and have tried to use the phone with chips here, but it doesnt work. Would you please tell me what I have to do, because it appears that it in &#34;blocked&#34;

I'm a bit surprised at all the high reviews here. I have had at least one of all the major phones at one time or another. iPhone, Blackberry, Android. I rely on my cell for work and use it a lot, especially OneNote. This is my first Windows phone. I was hoping for a lot more from a phone with the big screen, a monster camera and Windows 8.0.The camera, at 41 megapixels, sounds impressive but in truth it is pretty bad. I am a photographer and have a number of cameras at home, and even one of my older Canon 10 MP SLR's takes a much better photo than this Lumia does. You can't even compare the two. In my opinion, the best cell camera on the market was the Blackberry Torch (5 MP). The image quality there was amazing. The microphone on this cell is of poor quality as well. Nothing like the iPhone 5s. I always have people asking me to repeat myself. I have tried repositioning the phone when I talk and it doesn't make much of a difference. It also doesn't have call blocking like the iPhone has on the Rogers network. Apparently this is a Nokia issue though. They have not provided the software for this feature yet. Also, in trying to make this phone Dummy-proof, Nokia & Windows have not put in many advanced setting controls. It makes advanced set-up of emails, network setting somewhat difficult. The phone does not offer the same set-up options that the iPhone 5 does. One smaller issue is the alert tones. You cannot add customized tones for your email or SMS.Over-all, I am not happy with this purchase. Because of the price of the phone and because this is not Nokia's first cell-phone, I thought it would be much further along in development than it actually is. I'm just waiting to find one more issue with this phone and I will be reconnecting my iPhone 5.Swing and a miss Nokia. You wanted to build a Ferrari but forgot to put an engine in it.**UPDATE Jan 23, 2014 - Well, that didn't take long.  Have you ever tried to make a playlist on this thing.  What a train wreck.  Time to send this thing to Ebay.

One of the best phones I've ever owned love windows than you will love this phone everything is so easy to use its very wellbuilt and the voice recognition is best I've ever used

Everyone, I'm glad to announce that they actually fixed the "yellow-tint" pictures on the Nokia Lumia 1020 by this recently released update on AT&T; users called "The Nokia Black Update" release date December 19, 2013. So I tested the camera and little by little, those yellow-tinted problems have gone away so "CHEERS" Nokia and Microsoft, I apologies if I gave it a 1/5 star on my rating because its frustrating at first but I changed it recently thanks to that recently released black update. Now and forever I'm a Nokia fan and a Microsoft product user, I'm still testing the phone so I only gave it a 4/5 stars for now and might comeback again in a few days to test out the black update on the Lumia 1020. Who knows, I might give it a complete 5/5 star rating. Keep up the good work Microsoft and Nokia! Thanks so much.------- IGNORE MY REVIEW BELOW ----------- FOR NOWI recently have something of a problem in taking photos! All of my pictures have a yellow-tint that mixes with the white color... and in the commercials they always say its the best camera, shame on you NOKIA! I have a lot of respect before, and even bought 2 of your flagship phones, its your fault this issue was hidden to the masses...  BEWARE, IT DESTROYS YOUR PICTURE AND MIXES YELLOW-TINT during post processing of the photo... regardless whether or not with flash or not! SHAME! SHAME! I'M SO ANGRY I'VE WAITED FOR THIS PHONE!

This is qutie literally, the best embodiment of a smart phone, and a camera there has ever been.  amazing OS, amazing photos, phone is beautiful and wonderfully constructed.  This phone will go toe to toe with any smartphone ever built, ever, period.

I just love my new cellphone is amazing in every aspect  is really user friendly, really easy to manage. The format with the icons are cool, even tough I love it I just wish Windows app market will be more bigger so little apps to have, windows store need to step up a little more so far Apple and Android are ahead on that ... Also I wish I could customize the tiles a little bit more better like make them clear and you can see a image of your selection but that just it small things is not a big deal I can live without it. I know eventually things will turn better in windows app store.

The company made good on a defective phone. A good company takes care of problems responsively and they had done so.The first phone I  received had a problem. I sent it back and received a working phone within a week.I initially was not happy at the fact that I received a phone that was not working properly. After contacting the vendor, I sent back the defective phone and received a working phone that looks like new. I am very happy customer. I now have a great phone at a great price.

I bought this phone as a Christmas present for my wife. The phone does not work with any of the several known working sim cards that I've tried. The seller has not responded to any of my three attempts to contact them over the past 8 days. I will never do business with this seller again.

I needed to buy a phone, but I buy a problem. Days after start using the phone, the screen started to freeze. I must do a soft reseat each time the screen is frozen, to use it, it does not allow deploying the screen or use the phone. I do not recommend this phone at all. When frozen leaves you without access to contacts or information and no way to recover it, until you make a soft reseat for several times, as many times, the first time, continuous screen locked.Tou can inform about this problen in some internet pages like:[...][...][...]

i bought this phone because i thought my life was lacking excitement and i loved photography. i loved this phone so much that i left my wife and child to peruse photography with my phone, i am excited to hear about the new female assistant on the phone. i hope she can fill the void my wife has left behind. i am addicted to pornography.

The camera has high megapixels but its really no better than an iphone 5s (although it is a lot cheaper!).  Programs crash a bit, but other than that its a solid phone and i love it

The Nokia Lumina 1020 is the best Windows Phone there is. It is made with the newest and greatest hardware in advanced software.  It has 2 GB of ram. It has great resolution.the Nokia lumina is lightweight and very modern looking.I particularly enjoy the great variety of colors that you get to choose from.It looks very modern and sleek.The real treat of this phone is obviously the camera. It takes beautiful pictures and comes with great editing tools to make your pictures look even better.The audio and video on this phone is amazing! It really surprised me and how clear and detailed video was. I was extremely impressed.Also, I was extremely happy when I saw all the apps available from the Windows Phone Store.There are over 150,000 apps available. Of course,  there are some apps that they don't have that they have on Android and Apple. But they seem to be getting more apps all the time.I have been very happy with this phone. I highly recommend it, especially if you love a great camera with awesome video.

1. The camera auto focus doesn't work on close up shots! My other supposedly inferior camera phones such as, iPhone4, HTC One, and Samsung Galaxy don't have this problem. How could a phone with 41 mega pixels have a very basic problem like this? Inexcusable!2. The Bluetooth doesn't see android devices!?

I bought this specifically for the camera, which is phenomenal. The pics are remarkable, much better than my Fuji Digital camera, and the video is in 1080 and flawless. There are several camera apps which are very helpful, a burst mode which chooses the best shot as well as others for more artistic shots. The camera saves each pic in two ways, 5 megapixels for instant upload and one in 34 megapixel. You can zoom in after the shot and not have that pixelated faded look, seeing is believing! Now the O S  is Windows, I have an Ipod Touch and a Android Tablet but this is fairly straight forward. There aren't nearly the Apps those others have BUT I have ALL the same ones I used on those other devices. For my cell service I use Consumer Cellar, 15 dollars a month for 200 minutes, I know that isn't a lot but as I said I bought this for the camera. I am one happy camper which is why I gave it 5 stars.

I got the unlocked version of this phone since I travel internationally frequently. I am absolutely happy with this purchase because this phone has everything I was looking for. I synced the phone with my outlook and the transition was very easy. The OS is great and it was easy figuring out how to use the phone. Very stylish too.

Lumia 1020 is 'A smart phone with the best digital camera available in the market'. The pics are of amazingly of good resolution. Other than that, the smartphone does not have great features than can beat iphone or Samsung. If you are a big selfie, this would be an ideal phone. Sometimes, I give a second thought that if I bought a Camera or a smartphone. Some plus points of the phone that I found are below.The skydrive storage is very good as you need not store everything to your phone hence 32 GB ohnoe storage is more than what is required.The display is good and the resolution & touch sensitivity are very good.The battery is okay.The body of the phone is strong.The music player is delightful, you can download the songs from Nokia music store.The phone is designed to run in sync with Microsoft applications.

Over all a great phone, camera is amazing!  Too bad Microsoft had to mess with Nokia Maps .  In walk mode, my old Pureview 808 had voice guidance, which is lacking.  Also, we don't all want to store things up in cyber space, not able to sotre and transfer using my pc. Hopefully, Microsoft will take care of both these issues which are my main complaints.

This is simply the best SmartPhone I have ever had.  I have used iPhones, Android phones and finally got smart and tried the Nokia.  Wow!  What was I waiting for.  incredible design, all the apps I ever wanted available on it.  Oh and it happens to have a kick butt camera on it.  Well done Nokia and Microsoft!

Forget what you know about phones with cameras. Think of this as a camera with a phone. The camera is so awesome that every other feature falls far second, even though the phone is the best Windows Phone I had (and this is my fourth). The camera can shoot pictures in almost complete darkness, can zoom to a ludicrous level, has software for cropping, correcting and selecting that works perfectly and quickly. I stopped using any other camera.

I ordered an unlocked 1020 Nokia lumina but I was sent a locked phone instead of the one I ordered. I feel so bad that I don't think I will return to your site again for any purchase.

I returned this phone a couple days ago...First of all, the phone is well built, and very response with Windows phone 8 OS. Also... It has the best camera in the market. I was amazed with it.However, the the battery is horrible... It dies fast. Also, the cellphone's GPS is by far the worst of all platforms. It takes a while to set directions to a place to another. And On walking mode, all the time it request to calibrate the GPS, making you to move the lumia in the 8 sign. While I was walking, I stopped several time to re-calibrate again.I hope with windows phone 8.1, the Lumia 1020 may have performance  improved...

Great Cell phone and easy to use great photos.  Compatible with almost all Windows applications. I recommended better than Android.

Bought the unit primarily as a camera that also happens to be a smart phone. Except for the fact, that my camera was obviously destines for the Asian market, which caused some difficulty in the cvonversion for uise in the USs, the camera does everything I had hoped it would do. Haven't figured out all the intricacies of the camer. Haven't had it yet for a full months. The manual, however, is pretty poor. Thus my 4 start rating. It is on the Internet, The manual has no detailed Index;, I can read the printed text only with a magnifying glass.Would I recommend the camera to a friend? Yes, with the caveat of the poor manual.

Never received this phone, scam seller, Amazon made good on it. It would not have worked in the US anyway. AT&T ruins these phones by removing key features and limiting memory. All you have to do is wait 6 months and you can get an unlocked version that has not been crippled by AT&T that works in the US on other telecoms. It is sad that the US has to suffer technology oppressing ultra greedy scam companies like AT&T.

Excellent phone, so happy I bought one. So much you can do with this phone and the camera is awesome.

This phone has so many great features, but most impressive is the camera. With the free Windows 8.1 update installed, Cortana is great and this phone is much more useful than an iPhone. Despite people bemoaning the lack of a specific app here and there, I was able to find all of the apps I wanted for the phone in the Store with one exception. For that, Internet Explorer worked fine accessing the same functionality via the Web. I also found the battery life to be exceptional and lasting for 12 hours. GPS navigation will suck the battery like it did on the 920 before it, but unlike the 920, I was surprised that this model did *not* have built-in inductive charging. I don't like having a $50 case on the phone, so I've opted to plug it in. This is my only disappointment with this model, but Windows Phone has come a long way and is equal to or better than other phone operating systems. I loved using this with Xbox One's Smartglass application, and Cortana is actually helpful, aside from the standard witty responses. Since there's no inductive charging, this only gets an A- rating.

This is not a cheap phone, but I was actually positively surprised. I also own two android phones and I found the windows system to be fast, responsive and intuitive. The windows store definitely does not have the same offer of apps, but I could find (most of) my favorites there. The camera is definitely superb.

This is One of the finest phones i ever had.Nice applications and very good settings. Only the problem is skype.

This phone is literally  camera first phone second. I love the 41 megapixel camera on this device which easily surpasses my IPhone 5's 8 megapixel ISight Camera. The pictures taken from this camera is absolutely stunning. Images are captured in gorgeous and very impressive detail. I was breath taken by the image quality and color when I took my first picture. It is amazing. The Nokia Lumia 1020 far surpassed my IPhone 5's pictures in terms of color and image quality. I also like how the camera comes with optical image stabilization to help eliminate the effects of blurry images taken b shaky hands. I do exactly have the steadiest hands in the world so the optical image stabilization is a great help.Aside from the camera I also like Nokia Lumia's matte finish in a yellow color. The design and appearance of the phone is great. I really love the large screen and its stunning visual layouts.On the software side this phone runs on Windows 8 OS which isn't super awesome in terms of user friendliness. It takes some time getting used to.In terms of hardware the Nokia Lumia has a 4.5 inch screen made with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 which is quite strong and durable. It also comes with a 1.5 GHz Snapdragon S4 processor.On the other hand I don't really like the camera's protruding lens. I found I quite annoying to be touching it every time I held up the phone. The phone is also a little bit on the heavy side. About 50 grams heavier than the IPhone 5 and is bit heavier than most smartphones but it isn't a drag on my pants or anything. The benefits of the camera far outweigh the costs.

Good phone.  I like the Outlook Sync. Camera is great.I received this unlocked phone.  However, most of the settings included Malaysian, and got a doubt about warranty, and the seller said that this is international version, and no warranty!  Well it is just a week for this $650 device.  But, it is worrysome that there is no warranty.

Great product by Microsoft/Nokia. Love it from the day one. Not just an ordinary phone. It has great camera to keep everything at one place.

Great deviceNeed more apps

I like the cellphone is very easy to drive the photo are 10/10 for me is better than android i has Samsung s4

I am extremely satisfied with everything except syncing. I synced my previous Nokias with Microsoft Outlook (the program on the computer) using Nokia Suite. The Suite doesn't work with Lumia 1020. The Suite's pale replacement, the Windows Phone software doesn't sync with Microsoft Outlook. It's easy to sync the phone with the online Outlook account. However, you have to import your Outlook (the program) data to Outlook (online account). This is where the problem lies. Microsoft's own online Outlook cannot import directly the contacts from the Outlook program. I had to export them as a CSV file first, and during that process some data have been lost.Another problem is that the syncing with the online Outlook cannot be customized. I may edit some contacts on the phone or on the online account and want to keep only the edited versions but the syncing program stubbornly restores old versions of contacts.Maybe I am doing something wrong?
