
I like the coiors on the screen;they look just as go as Apple or Samsung.I can not really rate it yet

Very nice phone would've been 5 star if it wouldn't go to a black screen it just stays there for hours until it finally cuts on & no removable battery or expandable memory

Wow, I just love it !Much better than my lcd broke 5.3...lolBetter Lcd, better everything !!!Only problem so far, I could not transfer my Sd card (does not support)But....nothing is perfect!Since the impossibility to find replacements for lcd, I will buy same model If I drop and break....Better than my expectations !!!Very satisfiedFrederico

the screen is bad is very low quality, the bluethot doesnt work, and the bottom lateral is bad, on resumen no recomend this celular

Finally after 2 attempts to order from amazon...i got it today..The only reason I didn't give it a5 is because it does not have sd card slot. For the price the sound should be a lot better, even the speaker is a little low. The first time sim card slot work awesome with T Mobile right away but the 2nd sim card slotwith ATT did not perform at all nor did it work with another tmobile, I dont think my second sim card slot works. The inernet with tmobile has a speed of idle, not slow, but not fast either. When i use my WIFI to connect at home, or work, or out and about the connection is like the speed of light. The texting and the calls are great, fast and clear. I WAS GONNA USE SOLAVEI but i didnt really like their customer service.This phone was ordered on Sept 1st (second attempt), it traveled 106miles to get to me and it took fedex smartpost 5days..Wow.....THey would not allow me to pick it up on the 3rd day. I like the phone overall and its performance.But when i get the money for the note2, this phone is going to my daughter. So far no issues and it has a 1 year manufacture warranty so we will see.

I bought this smartphone because I had not a lot of money to spend and also wanted something to please my eyes. It's perfect. After over a month I would recommend this phone to anybody!Extra points for quick shipping.

I just got the life view phone.And I like the size and the internal  memory. I had a phone with a SD card and had trouble downloading app updates.The only thing is I have trouble exiting apps using the the home button. Have to press it more then one time.some people said there are no case for this phone but amazon has some.I order one this week.Case is made by apex gears.

i bought this phone when it new and stopped working in 10 days , this is very bad phone i made mistake really

This is an excellent phone for the price. I would purchase more if I had to. You get great features for less than $300. You can't beat that. I do recommend this item.

I love this phone! Great price and works just good as my Galaxy S3. No microSD slot but use the Cloud and you will be just fine :-)

This is my 2nd Blu phone the 1st one was the Blu studio 5.5 and  I returned it right away  I didn't like it .  this one is a  big improvement  def a great phone . the battery life on this phone is great lasts more than 24 hours with regular usage text , you tube internet,  social networks and such. the resolution is nice and bright . the camera is the only thing I don't like , but who cares about that I don't. Use a camera if you like to take pictures. overall its a great phone . In the box it comes with a screen protecter and a silicone case . I love the headphones and charger it complements the phone . I did a lot of research before I purchased this phone and I'm glad I bought it .I was using a Samsung galaxy i717 before this And I love  blu life view better .Update : I've been using the blu life view  phone for close to 1 month and still love this phone , battery life is awesome don't need to carry no chargers , and a very strong phone . I strongly recommend this phone

I wish they would make this phone compatible with the CDMA network! Sadly, I had to return mine. I live so far out only CDMA phones work in my area. I wanted this phone so badly to work, so I tried, T-mobile, AT&T,and Straight talk but these run off a GSM network. So they didn't work. Good price on this phone when I bought it.

I activated this phone less than a month ago and have had several problems with it. First off, the talk quality is quite &#34;tinny&#34; and has a vibration quality to it. Very disconcerting to have a conversation the &#34;old fashioned way&#34;! Next, I woke this morning, turned the phone on, and I got an Android icon, lying on its back, with a red triangle over the middle of it, with the caption &#34;No command&#34; under it. I was unable to do anything with the phone, including turning it off and back on, so I had no choice but to call my service carrier and transfer my service back to my original phone. I am very unhappy. Second time I've ordered an unlocked phone thru Amazon, and the second time I've been disappointed. You'd think I'd learn my lesson and I think I finally have! Will be contacting Amazon later to see what they can do.

i would recommend this phone to all my friends.it was very cost effecient. and does exactly what it is supposed to do.I watch movies while im on the train and love the pictures it takes.

I actually owned the blu VEVO before I bought this phone. but the battery life was not good enough for me on my job. this phone on the other hand is really great the screen is huge and that is good for my big fingers. the body of the phone stays very cool I guess because its solid aluminum. the charging cord and the headset cord are flat and never tangle! I heard from complains about it being only 16 gigabytes but with all the different ways of storing information into various clouds, I don't find it to be an issue at all. As world traveler,the Dual  unlocked sim capability is perfect for my needs. both cameras are good resolution adding to the face chatting experience as well as negating then need to bring a camera everywhere. Bottom line for less than $300 I think this is probably the best Phone you can get.UPDATE,I DROPPED THE PHONE ONCE AND THE SCREEN CRACKED, WITHIN A WEEK IT DIED, WONT BOOT AT ALL. I DROPPED MY OLD PHONE ALL THE TIME, I AM BACK TO USING IT AGAIN, SAD TO SAY THAT I CONTACTED BLU here is their reply:Thank you for contacting BLU Products. We are happy to help you!To repair your device, please reply to confirm by email that you are willing to pay $101 ($15 for labor, $10 for shipping the device to you, and $76 for the LCD assembly).Once we receive the device, our certified BLU technicians will diagnose the device and determine if any additional parts will be needed to repair your device. We will contact you will the additional price quote to confirm that you would still like the device repaired.The payment is not made until the device is at our service location and we determine no other parts are needed for the repair. The payment options will be credit card or PayPal.although the phone seems nice at first its very fragile in real world use.

This phone turned out to be too large for my liking, you need two hands to operate every time. Also had some issues with it loosing network connection frequently and randomly rebooting, I'd still give it 3 stars for the value and features you get for your money.

I love this phone. It took a little while to get used to the size but it is perfect. The camera is very good, although I did have to adjust some settings to get the pictures I wanted. Very durable and it comes with a nice plastic cover. Runs fast and handles all of my apps and games great. The battery lasts all day with fairly heavy use, 2 days max with very light use. The only possible issue is the auto brightness. When I am inside reading I can see the screen trying to adjust, so I turn off auto brightness when I am reading a book or something more lengthy. And reading books on this is amazing, the fonts are all so crisp and clear, a lot better than my old phone. This phone is running Jelly Bean which I really like a lot, and I hear there is an update to Kit Kat coming soon. It also has some gesture controls but the only one I use is answering the phone when you put it up to your face. So if you are wondering if this phone is for you I can tell you there isn't really any compromise.

Graphics are great, processor seems to keep up fine. Didn't have any complaints until a few months later when two things happened:First, because you can't use a SD card with it, you need to be memory conscious, which is fine. It has two memory storage areas - a smaller one for critical phone software and a larger one for additional things you want to add to your phone (apps for instance).Everything by default goes to the MUCH smaller memory storage and will very quickly make your phone block things like emails, pictures, or text messages. Mostly an annoying inconvenience, but not anything that can't be fixed.Problem number two however, is much, much worse:The phone freezes randomly. Black screen as though it is off. Battery is charged and memory is fine. No malware present, etc. It just goes black and will not respond. There is no access to the phone's battery. Not. At. All. So you cannot hard reset this thing. You just have to hold down the power button for about 15 - 20 seconds and then it will finally turn back on. This is not acceptable. I need my phone in good working order at all times.There are other irritations also, but nothing that would make me stop using the phone however, I should mention them too so as to be a complete review...Though there is a place to change the date format (i.e. month/day/year or day/month/year) It doesn't matter what you set it to, since it will always display the same way no matter what. I live in the U.S. so our standard date format is day/month/year and it won't change to that no matter what I set the format to in the phone settings.Next, no matter what you set your screen time-out to, it will always dim if you don;t touch the screen within ten seconds. This is especially annoying when watching a video or playing a game or trying to read an article/book on the phone. There is just no way that I can find at all to adjust this default screen dimming.The menu is a tiny bit confusing to navigate, in that there are just certain settings that I either can't find, or just simply don't exist, such as, you must set a ringtone from the music or sound that you download, as there is no option within the phone's actual settings to do this.Anyway, I still like the phone, just a bit irritated with it. The crashing needs to stop though. =/

I tried different system information method they all report a total of 14G missing 2G other than that is a good phone and can't wait till they make kit Kat update will make it much better.  Ordered an USB adapter to see if I can connect external storage it says it is supported.

This phone is amazing. The picture quality is supurb, it is very light weight and sleek. The camera takes great pictures and I couldn't ask for a better battery life in a phone. I love the ear buds that came with the phone as well. Crisp clear voice on both ends. Very happy! :)

The is phone has a great display, plenty of storage but missing out on the internal accounts. Once I added the Facebook software from the App store I still can not get to the Facebook Sync. In other words it contains the barebones Jelly Bean software. I had one problem with the phone: it cut off and I couldn't turn it back on, my ok out the sim card and placed it back in, then held down the power button until the green LED light went off. Then she clicked the power button and the phone came back on. The instruction book didn't have any trouble shooting advice what so ever. Other than that little hiccup there have been no problems with the phone. I love the display size, the resolution is nice, the OS leaves a lot to be desired (Android with no help from the manufactures is terrible)

The phone is great all around no problems and no disappointments I will choose blue for my next phone again

I like that it is bigger than the Note 3, not by a lot ,and that it reminds me of my old android. The screen is big so when i use it it feels comfortable, and i like to show it off in public. What i wish was better was that whenever i use the phone after 10 seconds the screen dulls and there is nothing you can do to stop it from doing that. The headphones that came with it are good but the charger is what kills it. The charger heats up when it is charging. The part that made me laugh is that when i turned it on for the first time it told me that i was in mexico and that it was December 4th. The phone is good and i recommend it to anyone who considers buying it but they should look on YouTube for a phone review. 4 stars because of the charger and the dulling of the screen.

I buy stuff on Amazon all the time and never write reviews. I wanted to write a review for this phone because there really isn't that much quality feedback in regards to this device. I actually purchased this phone after returning an s4 due to it being way to expensive and before that I was using an s2. I have been very used to the Samsung interface. The blu phones are definitely more simple or "stock" android which is an adjustment from a galaxy experience. I do like the phone. It looks very cool and impressive. The screen is huge and bright. Surfing the web and watching videos is awesome on this thing. I am using a Walmart family mobile (tmobile) sim card and it worked immediately with no issues and i mostly get the hspa signal so it is pretty snappy with the internet.The phone feels sturdy in hand with some weight to it. The specs are pretty decent for the price. The speakers are OK. Camera is nice. I'm not a huge picture taker but it is nicer than what I need I suppose.My only concern at this point is maybe the call quality. I have been told twice that my voice went out for a moment. I am not sure if I was not talking into the mic or a signal issue. I will give it a bit of time to find out. I know the lack of sd support has people all worked up but I don't use many apps and I keep my music in my Amazon cloud anyway so that is not a deal breaker. 16 gb is more than enough for my needs. all in all I am pretty pleased with the phone. It is pretty fast. Nice sturdy build quality. Updated android experience. It is no s4 but then again i didn't use half of those features and it is half the price without contract. I bought mine at best buy so I could return it if I wasn't satisfied. But I think I am going to keep it. I would recommend this phone to someone looking for decent phablet at a reasonable price off contract.Update 9/28/13So I absolutely love the Life View. It is fast beautiful, and everyone stops me to find out what phone I am using. A few days ago I decided i would like to pair the phone with my LG sound bar to listen to some music. I try pairing and the phone cannot find my sound bar. I then try to pair it with my S2 and my macbook pro and still nothing. Then phone cannot discover and is undiscoverable. I then take it to Best Buy and do trouble shooting with the Geek Squad  and they confirmed the Bluetooth was bad. They returned my phone and are ordering me new device. I will see if maybe that was a faulty phone and will update my review accordingly.Update 10/27/13So my replacement device works great. The Bluetooth pairs with no issue so that's good and it's over all a pretty good device. The only thing that is kind of a bummer is there are no silicone cases that I can find.

All right with the delivery. Too bad the phone worked for a short time. Stopped working alone.1 - There is no way to remove the battery2 - No reset button3 - No external memory sd

This phone is good and has a value of money. But a big problem comes if glass is broken. There is no aftermarket glass at all. I should contact their service rep and they quoted $141 for glass repair. Besides the phone should be sent to Miami and I have to wait more than a week for receiving my fixed phone. This phone is terrible if glass is cracked

I bought this phone as a gift for my brother at Angola but  the touch screen does not work at all! he is  unable to use it and I can't return it as I sent it to Angola and I would spend half of what I paid for it just in shipping. It seems to be some kind of a factory fault. It is useless at this time!!

Omg! This is a very great phone. Its big and very easy to handle. I used to have the Samsung Galaxy EXHIBIT 4g and I took my sim card out and slipped it into the Life View and it works just like magic.. Anybody that likes big phones and very beautiful screen. Deffinally get this phone.

I SIMPLY LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!. I read all of the reviews and the conflicting stories concerning this phone and decided to go to the source. I went to BLU's website and read the product specifications and while the phone does not come with a micro SD card like it states on Amazon's page it makes up for that with what is does come with. My phone arrived and it worked right out of the box, I have not encountered any of the wonky workings that some people have experienced and both sim ports work. I am glad I did not kick out the extra bucks for a Galaxy Mega and got this phone instead

Well what can I say. This phone is just amazing. I love everything about this phone. When it first came to my house 2 months ago I was so excited. I turned it on after charging it for only an hour and was already full charged i was impressed. The large big crisp screen is one of its best features. Also I love that it always stays cool in my hands.And the best thing of this phone is the battery life. It last the whole day and that's if you play or watch videos the whole day. Best purchase I've made So far. Thank you blu for making such an amazing phone

I bought this Phone after my nexus 4 went AWOL. The price was 50 dollars more than a new nexus. It takes some getting use to coming from stock android 4.3 but I'll deal with it for the large display and battery life alone.  Thinking of selling my nexus 7 2013 because this could very well take its place. I Dont play many games so the lack of a great processor in the life view is no concern. It plays gta3,minecraft, and Riptde gp2 just fine. Those are some pretty graphic intense games as well. All my music is in the cloud so storage is ample at 16 gigs. Boots faster than my old Nexus 4 also. Great phone, great price. Great job Blu. Support for USA manufactured products as well.

So I previously bought this phone and can you believe its only been FIVE days and it has stopped working ??!! There were little kinks I noticed right away I thought would pass away with time but they didn't. I'm returning this on Monday. I am so pissed !!

I wanted a super large screen phone but didn't want to pay $700 for one. So I settled for this blu 5.7 inch phone. I really was fascinated by how fast and sensitive was the touchscreen. I also loved the crystal clear screen. It takes really nice pictures. However, this phone died within one month. I am going to finance the more expensive phone from now on.

It  was what I expected and I enjoy the extra real estate (screen size). The display itself is nice and clear, very simple and easy to navigate settings menu.  Only annoyance is the screen dimming after 5 seconds that CANNOT be adjusted.  When reading any text on the screen I have to keep a finger somewhere on the screen to keep it from dimming, this drives me crazy.  This one thing is the only reason not to give it 4 stars.

I just got my phone. It arrived on time and unharmed, so 5 stars for that.The phone itself if BEAUTIFUL; it really looks and feels way more expensive than it is. The screen is bright and extremely clear, the touch reaction is just as expected; it's fast and very responsive.The interface is user friendly and customizable.The speaker and sound are just fine; people can hear me well and I have no issues hearing them.The keyboard is great and the voice to text feature is excellent - I've only tried English and Spanish so far -.Overall, I am extremely happy with this purchase so far.  Five stars.

I got the phone two times and both times it was broken. I wouldnt reccomend it.

Amazing phone for the price. It's got everything the average smart phone user wants and pretty sleek as well. The only limitation is its 1GHZ processor, which means your limited in the number of apps you can run concurrently. However, methinks BLU Wil sure improve on this by the next Life View release. Being a frequent traveler and based in Nigeria, the dual SIM nailed it for me.

excellent phone, meets everything. I would like a little more realze in the colors of photos taken with the camera but it is a very good phone 100% recommended.

good,better than last one. I like it.but have only one question how can i change the battery?thank you for answer.

I love love love this phablet.  I use the Straight Talk through Wal-mart for 45 a month.  Don't spend 600$ or more..this phone does it all!  I have told all my friends about it and a few have gotten them :)  Highly recommended!!!!

I brought this phone to replace my galaxy s3 which I dropped taking it out of the case.Shattered the screen and got it repaired and now it freezes all the time.This is different on the settings but I'll get use to it. Love the camera and the videos are greatI'm a truck driver and on my down time I like to watch Netflix its great.

I really like the design of BLU Life View.BUT, it crashed twice&#8230;&#8230;and then it will be difficult to restart it.

Excellent phone, Highly recommended!!, (WCDMA/850/1900/2100)  It works with T-Mobile 4G HSPA+ here in Chicago !! up-to 15 Mbps download and 4 Mbps upload in my home using a prepaid T-Mobile 4G sim card.  Used T-Mobile APN server (fast.t-mobile.com). More specs for the techies.  Using GSM connectivity (850, 900, 1800, and 1900 MHz) and WCDMA-UMTS-Mode(800, CLR-850, PCS-1900, IMT-2000-2100 MHz). This phone is ready for international cellular services. To use 3G international; you may need to set-up the APN settings if the WCDMA-UMTS bands of this phone are used in your country.

Just got the phone for a month and now it wont turn on it was fully charge until I turn it off....

I am a professional cellphone sales person and my galaxy device was stolen. I wanted to get a comparable device without using my upgrade so that I can save it for something new. When I received the Blu Life View I was a bit hesitant after having been around all the top end smartphones. So the first thing I did was put it to the test, and I have had no difficulty downloading apps or any other content. The device has a mid to large display in the industry and at 720 you can&#8217;t complain considering the price. It is snappy and works well under the average to heavy use I put it through. I have yet to reach the current storage capabilities, however as a professional I know the reasonable expectations of the hardware. Now as for the potentially negative. The device prematurely displays the charged indicator on average claiming to be charged around 95%, however the screen still displays the accurate percentage. And while I am talking about the battery I generally go about 12 hours between charges. Keep in mind it is never turned off nor can it go 15 minutes without the display being activated. Despite those mild irritants the only true complaint I have is that the &#8220;smart gestures&#8221; are useless, the device develops glitches and freezes when locking and unlocking while these are enabled. So in conclusion for UNDER $300 off contract it is a GOOD BUY if you are looking for a display to make your iPhone and small android using friends jealous. Or for any other reason you may want to have a large display. Just make sure to leave the &#8220;smart gestures&#8221; OFF and keep your expectations reasonable. If you do so I am sure will enjoy your Blu Life View.

wanted an unlocked  Note2/3 but it was unable to afford the $600 price tag, so I opted for a Blue Life View... same screen size and some of the similar capabilities, but of course nothing comparable to the Note.Dislikes:Battery is non-removableNo (mini) SD card slot for extra storageLikes:12 MP cameraAndroid interface is AWESOME/FASTthe size is exactly what I wanted

I did have a Blu Quattro 5.7 but after 2 weeks the ear speaker went out. I returned it and got this one. I was hesitant since there is no Micro SD Card slot. However, I am using Google Drive and storing all my files and music on there.In the box was: The phone, earbuds with several size buds,instructions, charger and USB cable, screen protector, and a cover. This is one of the first unlocked phones that I got from Amazon that the box seal wasn't broken.Its very sturdy and fits nicely in the hand. I love the fact that it has Gorilla Glass.The phone as a great camera. Its a huge improvement over the camera on the Quattro. I also love the updates to the Android OS. It is smooth and very responsive. I like how you can setup the security to use your face to unlock the phone or a phrase.I installed a couple of programs that you might want to check out (free):1. Advanced Task Manager. This kills running programs and frees up the phone memory.2. Open Mic+. I'm experiment with this. Its an add on for Google+ so that you can do hands free voice commands. Similar to MotoX3. Clean Master. This will automatically tell you when to move installed programs from the phone memory to the larger section of the phone memory. It also cleans up the storage and gets rid of junk files. Very good program!On most of the Blu phones, they state that there is an FM radio. I've had the Blu 4.5 Quattro, 5.7 Quattro, and this phone. This is the only one though were I found the FM radio. It is great reception! You must use the earbuds in order for it to work. I suspect because they act as the antenna.The phone network speeds on this phone is improved over the 4.5 and 5.7 Quattro, due to improve protocol.Things I dislike about the phone:1. No Micro SD Card slot (No biggie since I am using Google Drive).2. They divide the phone memory into two partitions. A .99gb and a 12.83gb partition. The main partition is the .99gb one. I have tried to figure out how to combine them but have been unable to yet. I don't know why Blu does this. You have to carefully manage your installed apps or you will quickly run out of room. That's why I recommend Clean Master.3. The battery can not be removed. I guess that once the battery dies,you have to contact Blu to see about them replacing it or you just throw it away.4. The screen dims automatically after about 15 seconds. I have tried every setting and every program on the Play Store to prevent this. Nothing works. You must constantly touch the screen to keep it at full brightness. I don't know if its a Jelly Bean thing to save battery life or a Blu hardware setting. It's annoying but I've gotten used to it. Note: It won't dim while watching a video.5. Blu still hasn't come out with any cases for their phones!!!!! COME ON BLU!!!!Overall, a great phone. I think it's the best Blu phone that I've tried so far.I found a great case on Amazon....http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J53YW16/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1It is soft rubber and wraps around the back of the phone and the front edges.Also found some great screen protectors for it here on Amazon.....http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IJHPMHC/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Just follow the instructions. I installed mine with no bubbles and fingerprints don't show up that easily.

I bought the phone as a Christmas gift for myself and when i got it, i was surprised at how big it was as i didn't check out the size of the phone prior to ordering it. However, after a few days i got to love it as its size proved advantageous when it comes to 'viewing' images and pictures. However, after less than a month of owning the phone i noticed that it keeps shutting off, and when i tried to turn it back on it wouldn't turn on, until about a day or two. Hence, to get it to work, i have to put it on charge for several hours. But then after a day the same thing happens again. This is now the third time that this is happening to me and i am very annoyed with it now; especially since i am now as right now my phone isn't working!

Blu life View Everything that you're looking for is present in the device And excellent priceI hope to be in the newer versions, such as the iPhone 3g - 4g - 4s - 5 - 5s Like thatBlu Life 1 next timeMY Next purchaser or Cart will Be BLU LIFE ONE.thanx 2 blu products

The best phone ever, I'm so happy w my new phone Skype works fantastic, camera is the best front and back.I just loved a lot!!!

The phone right out the box works.  Looks beautiful, crisp screen, getting H+, no micro sim needed.  I'm in Oklahoma using T-mobile. Internet surfing experience is honestly like no other. Fast, no lag or slow response.  I will be testing more of it later and coming back to let you know how this goes, but this is a must buy for ATT and T-mobile users.  I turned down buying the Huawei Ascend Mate to get this phone, and very glade I did.  Saved 150 dollars doing so. Don't care that it doesn't have an external SD Card slot.  Google has provided too many apps that will allow you to save your music, pictures, movies, or anything.  Hell, if its that important and you don't want to use their cloud services, create your own USE FTP!!!  I'm sure most of us tech geeks have an extra computer from home that we dont even us.  And don't worry, you can download and install flash player to the phone and it will work.  Just tested this.  Just google flasplayer.apk, for 4.2.2 and you will be able to download it from the xda-developers.com website.  Anyway, I would recommend this phone to ANYONE!!!.  Great Job BLU, just please next time get your advertising correct.  That could kill your sales in the long run.

I agree with both the positive & negative reviews here.  It works well as a phone.  Most things I've downloaded from Play work fine.  The screen dimming thing is annoying, though Blu support says they're working on a firmware release to correct it but still no ETA.My biggest issue with the phone had been the lack of a case.  BLU has not released any, and it doesn't come with one.  And it feels so slippery that I was afraid I'd drop it.  After some searching, I discovered the dimensions are nearly identical to the Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.7.  And since the SGM doesn't appear to be all that popular, I bought a few of the flip cases which are ridiculously inexpensive (7 Colors Generic Flip Cover Case For Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 I9150 I9152 (Black)).  In short, theses cases all variations on fake leather styling but contain an identical plastic tray which retains the phone just fine.  But the button slots are a slightly higher, covering the bottom of the power button and the volume-down rocker.  Using an exacto knife and dremmel, I was able to lengthen the slots to reveal the full buttons in about 5 minutes.  But even without the modification, the case doesn't press the button, just makes it irksome to press yourself.The bigger challenge was the camera.  The SGM camera is apparently in the center of the phone.  Measuring and cutting the hole for the camera & flash LED in the plastic did require a dremmel.  Then I had to use the exacto knife to cut through the case itself - fake leather over essentially cardboard.  It took about an hour, but I'm very happy with the result.  I didn't bother creating a hole for the speaker.

I've had this phone for about a week now. I was very hesitant to buy 'off brand' phones, but the BLU Life View just has blew my expectations right out of the water.The phone is fast. I mean fast. I can load anything without any delay from the phone.It has no bloatware like other phones have. It's pure vanilla android.The sound is good via the phone speaker, and the headphones that are included are in my opinion, incredible sounding.Google play is a touch away and recognizes your phone immediately.The battery life is fantastic in my opinion. Compared to my last phone it lasts a whole lot longer. My only wish is that we had access to the battery.The phone comes packaged quite well.I strongly recommend this phone to anyone.

only problem is finding a case for it, not to many choices, other than that I am very happy with it

phones are fine but sometimes go out alone and do not work on 4G. you can tell me what's going on if you are supposed to run on 4G. something that can make the company BLU. or tell me where I can investigate that. Thank you.

This is a really good phone for the most part. Huge clear screen and very snappy. I was very happy with this phone until .... I tried to read a long web page with it.As someone else mentioned the display has a particular annoying behavior were it dims after 5 seconds. When I first noticed this I thought no problem, it's an Android, I can update the screen timeout settings. I soon came to find that the Display Settings are a little different from my Galaxy S2. Different in that there is no way to disable the screen dim timeout. Even if I could increase the timeout to 5 minutes or something the issue would be hugely mitigated. But there is nothing. I tried a lot of apps from Google Play to see if this is something that could fix it but none of them worked.I contacted Customer Support who informed me there is no way to adjust this feature. I made the decision at that point that I could not live with it and returned the phone today.Everything else with the phone is great. Maybe an SD card, but I hardly even used my SD Card on other phones I doubt I would need it for this. I am going to award the phone 3 stars as it is practically all good but I down rate it so drastically by two stars just for the fact that I cannot adjust something so simple and it is something that affects (for me) the usability so greatly.Another issue that may be a problem for some is that there is not a huge market for any accessories for this phone. I recommend you try searching for the Canvas Doodle 2 or the MyPhone Iceberg. These are other marketing names for this phones in countries other than the US.

I have a Life View and i am having all kinds of issues.  :(  Just contacted blu support but so far only autoresponses.I am on my second phone in 6 months.  This one never did work right out of the box correctly but i just dont have the time to chase after small issues like low volume or pixelated screens but now the phone screen is turning black on my even though the phone is on.  Like autodim gone wild.  I cant get it back but have to hard boot it.  Its not a feature you can turn off.  I bought my Life View in mid-October 2013.  1st one didnt work right out of the box.  :(  &#60;sigh&#62;  Hope i do not get this much trouble for a replacement on the second one.  Amazon.com took care of replacing the first one.Whats the deal with the lack of storage on the phone.  I barely have any apps and I am always out of storage.  Everything possible has been moved to phone storage from internal storage and still I cannot load any apps due to lack of space.Biggest problem though is the screen.  My screen goes black but it is still responsive to touch.  If i touch the right areas of the screen, i can answer phone calls, listen to music, all text people by accident.  But no  matter what i do, i can see the screen.  Its black as night.  music can be blaring, volume buttons on side of phone work but no screen to know what im doing or touching.  It ticks me off.  I have to hard boot the phone.  Argh.

I wanted to love this phone.  I'd played with one at Micro Center and I thought it would be perfect.Thin.  Vibrant.  Speedy performance.From the very first time I tried to use it the screen glitched out, almost as if the digitizer and glass screen were making intermittent contact.  I had to reboot.  It worked for a while, then I had to reboot again.  All in all, it was a frustrating, error prone experience.Using the on-screen keyboard was just as frustrating.  Misspellings were common, making the phone all but unusable.Audio quality is also muddy and not up to par with some of the better performers on the market.I would steer clear of this model unless you can play with it first and ship it back if it underperforms.  Even though the screen is gorgeous, until they fix the quality control it's not worth the risk.

I loved this Phone when I fist received it. I only had it 3 months and the charger port broke. Now I cannot use the phone due to the charger not charging it! I also bought a solar charger hoping it would work and they don't work for those phones. There is no led light in the front to tell you if you have a message or not as well. But it's fast, Beautiful, and Seemed to have a ok amount of storage available.

Let me preface this with, you get what you pay for.SCREEN: The screen is large, bright, colorful and sharp, however IT IS NOT GUERRILLA GLASS, you can even see in the picture that its contoured around the edges, it is molded plastic.  That being said, its not bad, not as good as glass for sliding your finger across it, but its usable.The resolution is perfect for this size, while its IS the PHONE VERSION of ANDROID, those who want to replace their tablet will be annoyed by the OVER-SIZING of everything, so even though it is high resolution, many apps still look low res, with GIANT title bars and HUGE TEXT.  I think the idea of these new phones with 1080p is all hype, you cant see the pixels on a 5.7" screen at 1280x768, all you add with 1080p is more overhead for the GPU to draw, which seems kinda bad to me.ON TO THE REALLY BAD, I don't know if its just my unit, but if you let it sit on the desktop screen for any short period of time, IT BURNS INTO THE DISPLAY.  Now this is temporary, turning off the phone for an hour or so, it disappears, but its REALLY BAD if you ask me.  Specially on GREY SCREENS, you will see a perfect imprint of your wallpaper, clock, all the buttons, etc.Also, the touch screen isn't very good and for some reason while its plugged in, it becomes temperamental. Example:  While scrolling through a menu system, it will accidentally click items in the menu and not just once, its almost like its tapping multiple times.  After using it for some time, it got a little better, but even in games when you use twist gestures, it will get all wonky.  Usable, but could cause added stress.It came with screen protectors, but it makes the touch screen even less reliable, so I removed it right away.HARDWARE BUTTONS:  The device has hardware buttons that are touch sensitive, I don't prefer hardware buttons, because they are really easy to ACCIDENTALLY touch while playing games, etc.  Sorta like the WINDOWS key that you accidentally hit and your back at your desktop, annoying.  If they were software buttons, you could use third party apps to hide the bar and allow gestures or slide to reveal it.AUTO DIMMING "feature":  SUPER ANNOYING, if you don't touch the screen for about 10 seconds, IT DIMS... You cant turn it off in the settings and NO THIRD PARTY APP WILL STOP IT FROM DOING SO...BUILD QUALITY:  it feels solid, I am not a fan of the hidden compartment with the snap off back plate, those little snaps can break, but you only really have to access it to put your SIM(s) in, so not so bad.CAMERA: The rear camera is very poor quality in low light, everything appears cloudy, I put a piece of tape over the front camera, so I cant comment on it.CHARGING: Unlike the NEXUS 7, which I returned, you can actually USE the device while it charges and It does charge... slowly, while plugged into my laptop, while playing games on the device. Having a STANDARD USB port for charging is great, no proprietary plugs, like my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7.SPEED:  The phone is fast and games play really well.  Galaxy on Fire 2, plays beautifully, The SIMS FreePlay works great.CONCLUSION:  I bought this phone from staples for $250, is it worth $250, probably, but with the NEXUS 5 coming out, I am torn between returning this phone because of the issues and waiting for the NEXUS 5, or just keep it and learn to live with it...  I am sure the NEXUS 5 will probably be much more expensive anyway.*** UPDATE 09/30/13 ***I have decided to keep this phone, after searching for possible replacements, the only options are other Chinese phones with no US support.  I can live with the shortcomings of this phone.  My biggest issue, the burn in effect is avoided by setting the daydreaming (screen saver) to 1 minute.*** UPDATE 10/29/13 ***Well, its been over a month since I bought this phone.  Thought I would post an update.The auto dimming, still annoying, but other than that, the phone has been great.  After turning on Daydream, I have not had the burn in issue on the screen and the phone is very reliable, never crashes and the speed is pretty consistent.As for the plastic screen debate, I have come to the conclusion that its possible the earlier model had a plastic screen and that is why mine was $50 cheaper from staples.Final verdict, worth every penny!

Wifi drops sometimesIncoming audio quality is poor. It's a phone, it should be able to call people and be used for conversations.Doesn't detect my Samsung bluetooth headset.It is a low price large phone though. But sadly, with smart phones having so many components it just causes a lot of quality issues.

Great value for the price. Battery life is amazing - getting over 2 days per charge. Yes it's large but the display is great and has great viewing angles. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a large screen phone but don't want to pay over $600 for a Samsung Note 2 or 3.

not all apps work on this son of a gun can't get my dish app to play and several others it definitely is not a HTC , lg or , a samsung

This phone is crap. The speaker phone isn't any louder than the regular speaker!  Neither are good. And the sound quality on the other end is terrible.Everyone I talk to says they can't hear me very well! Also, it's on ATT/T-Mobile network,....so, I never have service, and I ALWAYS have dropped calls! You can't access the battery without breaking the back off of it. Then, since you've broke the back off if it, It doesn't stay on properly. Apps start on there own. Camera is great! That's it though. You would be better off with Samsung.

For the money this phone is awesome!!! Screen is bright and clear as ever. The Camera is great also. In low light conditions it slows down a bit but what the heck I can live with that. I would highly recommend this phone. It even comes with a gel case. real premium feel. Unlike Samsung it does not come with bloatware so you get to use almost all of your available storage space. No SD slot but hey I can live without that too.The screen protector that comes with it is a little bit on the thick side. takes away from the beauty of the screen and the touch responsiveness.

I bought this phone on a (humbug), but did a little research before. Had no bad reviews at all. Its a very well built phone and feels good in the hand. Very big screen and shows an awesome picture. The only down fall is that its to big to fit in my shirt pocket lol. But all in all I'm a very happy customer. Awesome phone for an awesome price!!!!!!

The volume is too low- can't use it to hook up to my car Bluetooth and I am looking for info to send it back and the pictures aren't as well as I expected!

Hello. Bought this phone and it showed up on my front step today evening though it was raining outside. Not exactly the way I was looking forward to receiving my phone. But as I unboxed, setup my phone and began using it, it was worth it. Super fast and the size of the screen is just awesome. Overall the phone build was good and solid. Updated all my previous apps and installed all my email accounts. Good to go! Thinking of getting one for my wife also. Great phone at the price I got it for.

Great phone! I've never owned a smartphone before because I couldn't afford the costly monthly data plans. I've relied mostly on my tablet and Wi-Fi or my friends with smartphones. I bought this because I needed a quadband GSM phone while studying abroad in Europe. The phone covers the 4 major frequency ranges for most cell service providers in any country in the world. Having Android apps while travelling is very handy. I can now:- download and save maps using Google Maps- check the weather and email- take decent quality pictures/videos & upload them on social media- video chat using Skype- set alarms, reminders, timers, and manage my Google calendar- listen to music using Google Play, Pandora, iHeartRadio, & the FM radio included with the earphones- read e-Books, pds, and comics using Adobe Reader and Amazon Kindle app- have a calculator, money conversion apps, and notepads for shopping list and tracking spending- watch videos and movies on Youtube and NetflixPros:- Powerful processor & decent RAM- Big & responsive screen- 12 MP back-camera with decent flash and 5 MP front-camera- 16 GB of internal storage- comes with decent skin & earphones compatible with the FM tuner app- Quadband GSM and 3G combatible- Unlocked phone/no contract required- Long battery life and charges quickly- Decent Wi-fi and Bluetooth connectivity- Feels nice and thin and fits nicely in my pocket (even with the size of the screen)- Easy to hold (even with small hands)Cons:- No SD expansion slot (didn't need it because I had Google Drive & DropBox)- Not 4G compatible- Camera didn't take very good photos near bright light (I'm new at using camera apps though)- Feels weird to hold while trying to take pictures with the phone horizontally- not a lot of custom skins and accessories available (included skin is okay though and most large phone cases hold well)

just got this phone 1/13/2014 . and im amazed how smooth and zippy this thing is for having a mediatek soc. love the screen even though its only 720p 256ppi i think. y ou cannot see the pixels if you hold it at arms length . uneed to put it right in front of your face to see them . also this phone is the easiest to root and install cwm . and i have had alot of android phones since android been released . only used the phone for a day and im at 16hrs battery life is at 56 percent  love the battery life compared to my blu quattro 4.5hd battery sucker that phone is . theres rumors on the web saying blu may update it to kitkat . as of today no update available . i will return and edit my review after i have had it awhile longer but so far im loving it .oh one thing if your on tmobile be sure your in a refarming area or you will only get edge speeds . where i live i only get edge speed but i drive 1 mile down the road and i get hspa+ 13mb down load speeds .1/24/2014- so far so good loving this phone . im using yonip note 3 rom v1 , if your gonna use this rom you need to change the modem.img or you will not get 3g , can be found at dragondevs.com look for chinese phones then blu life view . i also did the repartitioning so now i have 4gig of internal memory for apps and 9gig for storage which is plenty for me .battery life still amazes me can go about 2 days with out a charge . also found a case for it on ebay wich is a plus search for blu life view case i got the hard plastic case it fits the view perfect snug and tight  . emailed blue about kitkat they said any announcements on software update check there facebook page . so no kitkat yet lol . main reasons why this phone has great battery life is the mediatek cpu great on power consumption but little lackin in performance . which is fine by me i hardly play games on my phone . but i did try clash of clans . plays that game fine with no lagg . also played sonic dash fine but i suck at that game lol . heros order and chaos plays fine . if you want me to try out a game let me know ill try it out when i have time

I love this phone. Don't understand why it locks sometimes and seems impossible to Power up again. I think if I accidentally press the volume and power buttons together, the phone powers down..freaked me out the first time because I could not get it back on for hours..had Dhl ready to pick it up to sent it back for a refund.. Now if it happens, I just press the power button long and hard, and it powers up.. I had a Samsung S3 phone before, was robbed, and the blu phones are the best replacements i have found. Had a blu Studio 5.3ii before this..I LOVE THIS PHONE..

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE HOWEVER IT SUCKS THAT IT DOESNT HAVE A SD SLOT AND IT SAYS YOU HAVE 16 GB OF MEMORY  BUT THATS HARD TO BELIEVE BECAUSE I HAD TO DELETE APPS JUST TO DOWNLOAD NEW ONES AND I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING TOO MUCH ON MY PHONE. IT WOULD BE GREAT IF THERE WAS A WAY TO INCREASE THE INTERNAL MEMORY.

The phone looked and sounded great online but once I got it it was too big and thick. The phone turned on looked nice but it was just too big. Wish it would of been thinner.

this phone is amazing really fast, great screen super thin really comfortable to hold and operate only drawback is no cases available already has a couple of scratches. great for everyday use.

Awesome phone.. HUGE (wasnt expecting it to be that big) .. Beautiful picture.. Glad I ordered!!!... Fast delivery!.. Was going to order Samsung mega for twice the price and glad I went with this

Grate phone works on metropcs 4g speeds the only draw back no SD card but other than that awesome phone

I LOVE THIS PHONE! HOWEVER, AFTER HAVING IT FOR 2 WEEKS IT SHUT DOWN! :( BUT, I DO WANT PPL TO KNOW I BOUGHT THIS REFURBISHED, SO DOUBT THE BRAND NEW ONES DO THIS? IT SUCKS BECAUSE I'M A SINGLE MOM OF A DEVELOPMENTALLY DISABLED SON WHO IS ALSO A TECHY! SO I AM PRAYING THE SELLER CAN MAKE IT RIGHT. WILL BE POSTING WHAT HAPPENS ASAP! :( ANYBODY READING THIS WHO PRAYS, PLS ADD THIS TO YOUR PRAYER LIST! I CAN'T EVEN AFFORD ANOTHER PHONE AND NEED A PHONE ASAP FOR MY SON'S MEDICAL, THERAPEUTIC NEEDS. EVERYTHING ELSE I've ordered from Amazon has been AWESOME! :)

Phone features were nice but they need to work out the bugs. It totally blacked out after 2 weeks. I liked the phone but was totally disappointed by it not lasting but 2weeks. Would not recommend this phone anyone.

I choose 4 Stars since this is a product that allows me to take care of most needs while out: internet etc...I like the features , but I dislike the size :too big, but u can get used to it.I would recommend it to all my friends.Brian

I bought the Life View after returning the Dash 5,0 for similar but worse issues, and just returned the Life View today. For the price, the hardware is pretty amazing, especially the Life View with the aluminum casing and 12mp camera (peel off the protective film over the lens). I was hoping the Dash was an isolated incident but then the first, and every time after I unlocked the screen the dial pad would launch on its own. I though I could live with it but then a few days after getting it I had a hard time &#34;waking&#34; it up and decided it was just to reminiscent of how the Dash started and within a couple weeks went completely nuts opening apps, tapping constantly on its own, and so on. Breed did send an email asking if I was satisfied with the purchase and I told them about the dial pad issue, they said they would check with CT-Miami LLC and ask if they knew of a fix but I never got another reply after that. If you get a good one then I have no doubt you will love it, but having two different models go bad within a few weeks of each other is enough for me to not make it a third, so I will wither spend a little more for similar bells and whistles or the same on less, but either way will go with a brand I know I can trust rather than buy another Blu and go through the disappointment again.I caution you to read all of the reviews and if you do buy one, just be prepared to have to send it back. Fortunately Amazon makes the process fairly painless. Thank you Amazon.

I purchased this phone a little better than a month ago, so far this phone has been an excellent value. It is just a little bit smaller than the Samsung galaxy Mega. The screen is very clear, it's fast. The phone doesn't come with a bunch of Bloatware, nnice clean rom. The only drawbacks about the phone is that it doesn't have an SD card slot, all the memory is built in. And there are no accessories for it (Cases, Zagg.....)You tube vids look excellent, the sound is loud and clear, I ha e no problem with Facebook, It doesn't play well older apps (some of them)I've already rooted this phone (oops, there goes the warranty), but oh well, it is a versatile phone well worth the price. I would recommend this phone for anyone that is looking for high quality phone at better than half the price of the big name units.

I recently bought a BLU Life View through Amazon.com and have used it for about one week.  So far, the phone works great and it is fast enough for the things cell phones were originally made for, i.e. make and receive phone calls, send and receive text messages, etc.  I have not used it to watch movies yet, but I don't see why it would not work great for watching movies, too. The colors are vibrant and the battery life is good, so far.  I like everything about this phone thus far and I hope it will keep working great.  The main reason I did not give it a `5 Star' rating is due to the sound quality, which is relatively poor.  Sometimes it is difficult to hold conversation over the phone due to the poor sound quality. I have tried some software products to boost the sound, but none of them work. Also, the size of the phone is a little bit too big, but I can live with it.  The price is not bad though, given the fact that it is an unlocked phone.  Have you tried to buy a Samsung unlocked phone of comparable size and capabilities? I have not tried playing video games on the phone, if I want to play a video game I will play it on a video game console connected to a big screen TV and surround sound so that I can really enjoy it.I will update my review after I have used the phone for several months.Update - 2/5/2014:I used the phone for about two weeks and it stopped working; the phone just went dead. When I arrived at home from work the day it stopped working, I plugged the phone into several electric outlets to see if it will turn on, but it never did. I contacted the manufacturer, bluproducts for help. Blueproducts sent some instructions to me via email.  I followed the instructions, but the phone never turned on - no lights, nothing at all. I returned the phone to the seller, L2D2.  I believe that the seller fixed whatever the problem was. However, instead of the seller telling me that it fixed the problem, the seller told me that the phone was working when I returned it. Well, I know for certain that the phone was not working when I returned it,otherwise I would not have returned it to the seller because I really like the phone as I stated in my initial review. Now, the seller wants to return the phone back to me or charge me 30% restocking fee. The problem is, since I know that the phone was definitely not working when I returned it to L2D2, that leads me to believe that L2D2 fixed the phone and the problem is most likely to arise again. I know one thing for sure, I or any other person else should not be charged a restocking fee for returning a defective product.  If Amazon lets this happen then Amazon is implying that sellers can sell defective products to buyers and when a buyer returns a defect product the seller can make a lot of money by charging restocking fee to the unsuspecting buyer.

So I bought this phone after reading reviews and watching videos on youtube about it. Went for it as a cheaper alternative to other Phablets. Big big BIG Mistake! The phone totally bricked in less than a month and that was with very light use! Worse I have sent 6 emails to Blu asking for help on this and they refuse to respond beyond the auto response. I am giving them time to fix this promptly and stop ignoring me. If I were you I would hold off on buying this phone until you see if they fixed this. I will report whatever happens. Again the phone bricked in under a month and Blu ignores my emails! Do not buy!

Very Splendid! The price was good, product marvelous and flashy. It is recommended for everyone in this digital age .

the phone looks very great and its fast. the screen is gorgeous  the the 16gb internal memory is just right unless you gonna be saving music and videos on it. For what i use it for its perfect. the cameras are good very good not great but good. battery life is excellent, design is ok, Call quality not very good, the volume of the speaker is very low.Bluetooth and WiFi are great.now let's talk about the cons:there some annoying problem with this phone, i think they are software issues. i had to factory reset this phone twice already, ive only had it for 2 months.problem list:1: phone kept restarting itself every time i turn the screen on to check if i have missed notifications2: phone keep going dead, i have to long press the power button to restart it3: i have to use the charger it comes with to charge it, if i use other chargers it will take 2 days to fully charge it4: i cant use the phone when its being charge, the screen it jumpy and doesn't recognize where i touchi thought about returning it, but for the money ,i think it's worth it. it's a gorgeous phone, beautiful screen, good cameras, fast, long battery life. big screen, quad core cpu.the phone can be a pain in the butt ,specially when its acting up, but overall its a great phone at least for the money

I've had my phone for a month now and I am loving it.. wish there were more choices as far as cases but other than that I'm pleased.. P.S. does anyone know how to root.

Excellent quality price radio. The only problem I found so far about it is getting a cover that it suitable to that size and shape.

Nice phone works great I have Metro PCS phone sim card. The only thing I don't like is that there no memory card slot. I don't know 2 much about phones.

My Mom just gave me this phone as a present to replace my beat up S3.  At first I thought she was getting me the same phone she has "Life Play" and instead she bought me this one .I'm dumping my 7 inch Tablet.  I don't need to carry both anymore.  The new phone is comfortable enough to be used as a phone or as a Tablet . It even fit on my pocket.I'm very impressed with the Features .  It has a nice LCD, Very bright , Crisp and Clear, is running mostly stock Android with a nice touch in some of the applications.  "Love the Camera features -  Can take up to 99 continuous shots very fast.I have ATT&T; and once I put the Simcard  it showed the H+ right away, I didn't have to do anything .  Very fast internet connection .The Phone it doesn't have a Memory Card Slot but after the OS I get almost 13gb of space which is a lot more than I was expecting .It comes loaded with a nice pair of Headsets and they Sound really good , The phone didn't come with a Case like my Mom's Life play but it did come with the Screen Protector .I will update my review once i finish testing the phone but meanwhile you can't get wrong by getting this one .Good Job BLU!!!

very nice mobilephone very fast, clear screen, durable, good shape,long life battery,easy for use .it is dependable and useful

I have had this phone for about a month seems really good so far like the color and graphics and camera features.

I love my Blu Life View phone.I had the galaxy note 2 and broke it and I did not want to spend all that money to buy a new one so when I was told about the blu phone for half the price I figured I'll give it a try and I'm happy that I did..this phone works great,camera is great and features are great.,,,,,would recommend if you love the galaxy products but don't want to spend galaxy note money..

so far the item works pretty good.  There are some minor problems.  You cannot load memory.  You can run out of available space within a short span of time.  This item is unlocked but some programs do not run.  I could not watch certain videos on some of my favorite sites because the item does not have Adolf flash player. I tried to download it.  However, the device was not compatible to this product.  Many programs and apps use AF.  I would like an update that includes a solver for this problem.

The guys at tmoble liked the phone. It works with ford sync. It is worth the money. I would buy again.

Love the big bright screen.  Plenty of speed for everything I want to do (I don't play frenetic video games).  Only major two-star-losing flaw is the size of the "internal storage."  "Phone storage" is 16 GB, but every app requires at least a few GB placed in the portion of memory designated as "internal storage," which is limited to 1 GB.  This severely limits the number of apps you can put on the phone, even when transferring the maximal possible proportion of the app to "phone storage."  I would not buy this phone again because of this.

Pros: I bought this last month, have 2 sim cards and both work perfectly. Internet works fine. And the overall phone met all my expectations. This phone works!!! Everything works fine, the screen is awesome, the speaker is enough and the appearance of the phone is flawless.This thing is amazing, the phone is beautiful and the back cover is very resilient.The weight is very well balanced and the feel of the phone is solid.The headphones are comfortable and the sound is the best I have heard coming from a phone.I tested the Bluetooth and works fantastic, the wifi is lightning fast. The range of the wifi signal let me go farther away than any other of my devices.I haven&#8217;t tried the 4G but the speed in 3.5G works much better than my last double sim phone.I was amazed because the GPS is accurate and it find the locations faster than any other phone I have, even the Iphone and other android devices.The cameras are perfect; back is 12mp and front 5.The charge of the battery last from almost 2 days to 3 days. In extensive play, movies and internet sessions it last one day. The phone charges very fast.Cons: It has only 1GB RAM. I have installed a lot of apps and have many open at the same time and I have not experienced any lag whatsoever.Only have 16GB of space. I have put a lot of music and about 2GB on books, thousands of pictures and videos, installed a bunch of apps and still have over 6GB free.I think it will be better with a stylus. I will buy one.There are no cases, or covers, nor any accessories available.MHL doesn&#8217;t work. You cannot transmit audio from the usb. I have a car mount that charges the phone and the cable also goes into the car stereo, but only works with mhl capable phones like the Samsung galaxy line.The micro usb is backwards so the phone will not fit in the fixed docks or stereos.Overall: Is a fantastic double sim phablet, beautiful and fast, and even if a have some suggestions is the best device of its kind for under $300. Several of my friends have got one after seeing mine. Is a great recommendation.

This phone has a great large display, a crisp screen, and a premium feeling to the phone. There is no SD slot which really isn't a big deal to me. The vibrate works really well and the little sounds it makes when it unlocks the phone add a nice touch. The processor has been able to keep up with pretty much everything I've done and I've even had a whole game going on in the background while I browsed a webpage quickly and smoothly. The camera features also, are incredible. Just hold down the shutter button and you can take multiple shots right away in a burst. The panorama is a little different and helps with it not messing up when people are moving. The exposure and clarity along with color accuracy is prime and that makes it a fantastic camera. Overall, the device is just about everything you really need in a smartphone and the price just screams out at you.

I'm loving this phone. The interface is fluid, the build is solid and overall it's just a beautiful device. It doesn't have the highest specs, but from a user point of view, I haven't noticed any snags. The phone is larger than I expected, I was pleasantly surprised. I use it mainly for browsing, which is a pleasant experience. My previous phone now just feels tiny in comparison and I have no intention of going back. I can go a full day and a half without having to recharge, which is another pleasant surprise.

Awesome phone but can't get it to work on 4g T-Mobile :( I heard android 4.4 update coming soon makes it betterUpdate! Got it to work on 4g speeds I just didn't have the current APN make sure you switch it to whatever service you have. The phone is beast pm me if your having problems I also bought the army shield covers for the screen and the back . phone looks so sexy thanks blue!!

Let me start out by saying this I have used many phones more dominantly an iPhone (since 2010).  Do not expect my review to be at all biased, as this review comes from a very neutral point to view.  Let me start out by saying this (phablet) is an excellent product.  The build quality is substantial at the price point.  At no point can this product be described as &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.  For this price point (as an android device) it is an excellent device and the best substitute for the higher priced phablets i.e samsung phones or samsung note 2/3 devices. It comes equipped with the bare essentials of the android operating system without all the bloatware and gimmick features as most phones/phablets comes with.  The build quality is actually very impressive (better than samsung IMO).While unpacking I was quite impressed with the device, however at first impression I felt it was much bigger than any previous phone/phablet I had used.  But I approached it with an open mindset (since I was used to the iPhone size) it did not take me long to realize that it was too big to be portable.  The first few moments I took to personalize the settings to my liking and then I spent a few more moments to replace micro simcard (using an adapter) to place my micro SIM card from my iPhone to the new Blue Life View.  The process was very simple, and the phablet recognized my (AT&T;) SIM card very easily.  Within a few minutes I was up & running on the new phablet.  During my usage I found the network speeds to be quite fast (however lacking LTE).  I was able to browse any website of my liking; however I was still always aware of the limited portability i.e carrying it around in my pocket, holding it in my hand at all times.  Basically it was way too big to carry around as a normal phone.The operating system:  I found the operating system (after initial google sign-in to Google-Play) to be quite simple.  But this got more and more complicated as I started downloading more apps.Allow me to explain:  Most of my review has to do more with the operating system (which is the core of usability) rather than the device.  I downloaded many familiar apps as I have on my iPhone; however I ran across many issues.  I downloaded a game which my son loves to play but for some reason on the android OS the app decided to play a 30 second video Advertisement after each level.  It did not take me long (2 levels) to delete the app which is an entire process itself (which I'll explain shortly).  The second thing I was recommended to do by the OS was to download an antivirus/anti malware app to sift through each app I downloaded from the Play Store.  Thirdly I downloaded a &#34;launcher&#34; app to personalize my phablet a bit more; however this was quite more tedious process than I had anticipated.  Seconds after downloading this &#34;app&#34; I had a popup stating my phone had been infected with &#34;malware&#34; and that I needed to have my phone scanned. Thinking this was the antivirus/malware app I clicked on the &#34;OK&#34; button it took me to another link to download more software.  I quickly learned this was a trick and exited the process.  This became more apparent with more apps that I downloaded.  Moreover I learned that any app I downloaded I needed to download multiple &#34;plugins/extensions&#34; for it to work (i.e widgets/lock screen widgets).  Moving onto even more problems with the OS I will say this, when I downloaded a very popular game it showed up on the app-list however when I tried to open the app it would only open a couple of times and then I had to re-install it for it to work.  These things are not normal as I am very used a fluid system.  For example when I delete an app on the iPhone from the home screen the app is automatically uninstalled, but on android OS I had to go into the app view or the play-store to uninstall any apps, and what was even more frustrating I had to sift through and uninstall any extensions I had installed.  Overall it was very time-consuming and painstaking.  I also tried to download an app and repeatedly go the following Error Message: Incompatible with other application(s) using the same shared user ID.  I looked all over the forums for a fix however I was unable to find a fix to this issue (which should not even be an issue when downloading any app).  Lastly I tried to download an app from the play-store however I reached the following message &#34;These are only to list a few of the issues I had with the OS (android).  These things were all dependent on the OS (android).All I have to say about the OS is that iOS is a billion times easier to use without the issues I had to face with android OS.  I will say that I am not a novice when it comes to tech.  I am quite advanced in the use of computers/phones however I am basing this review from a first time user&#8217;s point of view.Enough about the poor OS, lets more onto the phablet itself.  As I mentioned earlier, it is a fantastic substitute to the many higher end devices.  The build quality is actually very nice.  Least but not last this device is excellent if you in the market for a high end but budget device because the price is excellent for a dual sim-card phablet.  The screen is excellent for web-browsing, taking pictures, videos etc. however as mentioned earlier the device itself is not very portable.After having the device I had to replace my sim-card into my iPhone so I could actually use it on the go.  I found to be using this device more often while at home on WiFi as a tablet versus a phone.  Unfortunately I will be returning this device to Staples where I purchased it from this the reasons mentioned above.  Not to take anything away from Blu, but I felt this device just did not meet my needs such as (ease of use, portability, LTE, ease of OS etc).  I am planning on purchasing a Blu Life One which supports a 5&#8221; screen, but that depends on availability.  If you are looking for an unlocked device for the $300 dollar range, then this device beats any other on the market.

Exelente

buy article BLU LIFE VIEW little over a month ago and it stopped working was shut down and not lit again and the worst is that I can not return because I am in Venezuela, had a Blu studio 5.5 and it was perfect but now I find disappointed, frustrated and thoughtfully whether to repurchase a product BLU.

Was excited about this phone after reading reviews about it on web. Really disappointed to hear now that there is no external memory. Every review I read stated there was a slot. Glad I read reviews before tapping 'one click'

Perfect, just as described. The back screen is bright and very readable. You will need to download a time out screen app to keep the backlight from going dim every 5 seconds. Other than that, not a bad phone at all. Especially for the price.

This is a pretty damn phone fr the price. The screen is great and bright, the feel of the phone is not cheap at all feeling, This is a really nice phone overall. The camera is the only disappointment I question the 12 megapixel camera count.

After using this phone for about two weeks now I can say that I really like this phone but there are a few quirks.  First off the price of this phone is outstanding for what you get.  We bought my brother-in-law a Blu Studio 5.0s a few months ago, and i played with it for a little while and was impressed with the screen and snappiness of it.  I laid it down side by side next to my Note 2 and couldn't tell the difference in speediness between the two.  This being said I decided to drop Sprint as my carrier and pick up the Life View to test out the different pre-paid carriers.The first thing you notice about the Life View if the brightness and clarity of the screen.  Top notch and just as good as my note 2.  Also the processor is amazing and very quick and responsive!  Yes it has a Mediatek quad core processor and most tech geeks scoff at the mention of mediatek, but after using the Life View I don't get the fuss about it.  It is fast, responsive, and plays all the 3D games you want to throw at it with no lag.  The processor should absolutely not be a dealbreaker.The camera on this thing is a 12 MP camera.  It shoots amazing photos and crisp clear HD video.  Pictures are just as good if not better than my note 2.Call quality is clear and I have no problem connecting to wifi or blu-tooth in my car stereo.  Also I really like the version of Android running on it.  It doesn't have all the bloatware that my note 2 has but still contains many of the gesture features that my Samsung has.  Blu has also announced they will be upgrading to Kit Kit in the second quarter of 2014 as well.All this being said there are a couple of quirks to this phone that prevent it from getting that elusive 5th star.  First off there is no SD card slot.  This shouldn't be a huge issue since all my music and videos are stored on the cloud, but what puzzles me is why the main partition is only 1 gig and the storage contains the rest of the 16 gigs of this phone.  When you install apps they go to the 1 gig partition, and considering the size of some of the apps out today, this fills up very quickly so you have to manually move them to the other partition.  The ones you can move anyways.  About half the apps I have on my phone cannot be moved without rooting the phone and forcing the move.  And when you do move them over you lose widget function for that app.  Blu this needs to be addressed in your upcoming update.Another quirk of the Life View is the screen dims WAY too fast and cannot be adjusted.  There is no way to correct this.  If you are reading a webpage and count to 9 it dims.  Very annoying!  Again Blu please fix this in an update.The last negative about this othwise amazing phone is that there is no LTE.  All the prepaids are now offering LTE so it's time to catch up Blu.  It does connect just fine to ATT and Tmobile HSPA+ and I get about 3-6 MBs per second download which is fine for web browsing and the like, but makes playing youtube videos in HD impossible.  However once it's connected to my home wifi netflix and youtube stream very well in HD and the outstanding display on this phone really stands out.Final Conclusion:  The Blu Life View is a great bargain for the price and if you don't need LTE or live in an area without it I highly recommend this phone!

I was really excited to get this phone looking at the specs for it, when I received it, there is no expandable SD slot, so you are stuck with only 16 Gig of memory that's it. This is the main reason I have never bought a Nexus device. I think that Blu REALLY dropped the ball with not offering the SD card slot. I have over 10 gigs in music alone on my SD card that I am using in my Galaxy S2. Save your money, and get a Note II at least it has expandable memory slot, and also has a better screen. You can find them as low as $400All specs, and literature that could be found online (including Blu's website) stated that there was an expandable SD slot. When it came out, nope........so I emailed them, and indeed there is no slot on it. They also posted to Facebook that there isn't one.Just don't think that you can trust a company that advertises one thing, and then when the product comes out, it is different (a BIG difference).**EDIT**So, I decided to give this another try after finding some ways around the 16G memory (Google music, Google Drive, ETC) I have upped this review to 4 stars. Very nice screen, quick response, so far so good. I am still loading apps on it, as I remember them.I will edit this as time goes on.**Edit 2**So far so good, have all of my apps installed, and running smooth, screen is great, I see things that I never saw on my S2 in games, etc.I did run into an issue trying to install one game where it said that I didn't have enough space, even though I was choosing "external storage" I had to uninstall a large program, install the game, and then reinstall the app I uninstalled.**Edit 3**I have to say, battery life is AWESOME with this thing.....I can easily get 26Hrs on a charge, and that is not just sitting there doing nothing, that is emails, text, MMS, games, Facebook.**Edit 4**Well, after owning this phone for 9 mos or so, I can sure tell you that I will NEVER own another BLU device. They make promises, after promises to update the phone with fixes (screen dimming after 10 seconds), and update the OS to KitKat, and NEVER follow through. These are NOT made in the US, it is just a US company re-branding a Chinese phone

I've had the Life View for about a month now and I must say that it has meet and exceeded all expectations.  The screen is large and vibrant.  The camera takes awesome photos and the sound is top notch, and it works great with my SIM (T-Mobile)!  I would highly recommend this phone.

great product. substitutes note 3 feeling without spending tons of money or two year contract. I loved it. Good battery life too.

WHY  BLU PRODUCTS ????  Let me tell you the real situation about the blu phones. The decent quality, 2 sim cards, good prices, good specs for a budget phone and TERRIBLE SUPPORT OR NO SUPPORT AT ALL. THINK twice before buy anything  from BLU PRODUCTS COMPANY.Short story - you bought the BLU phone and its working with no issues - you very LUCKY !! start playing lottery $) and be happy BLU PRODUCTS owner.Long story - you bought the BLU phone and you have some issues (DOA, headphone jack broken, black pixels on the screen, short battery life, Android is always low on memory, ECHO on microphone .. screen clicking by itself ...etc ) - welcome to HELL !!If you still have refund or replacement period = you lucky again.  Otherwise - YOU JUST WAISTED  200$-300$ from your wallet. If you want to find the truth $) be my guest = read the whole story = IT WILL SAVE YOU A LOT OF TIME AND PAIN !!!First off I had 4 Smartphone's. (3 had issues)2012 1st Blu Studio 5.3 - black dots, bad design of case - the screen was visible detached from system board. = sent for replacement.2012 2nd Blu Studio 5.3 - first half year great phone for its money. (270$) great battery life - 4-5 days with 5.3 screen =  very happy. until the headphone jack stopped working normally - some hiss sound with tapping when you plug the headphones. no more movies or private conversations on the go  ... Tried to fix it... went to couple stores for repair  - the verdict unfixable ... Give it away to my neighbors to use it as GPS on his car.Tried  to contact BLU Products for warranty repair  - welcome to some BLU marry-go-round - "please contact distributor" and distributor  replays ... since its out of 30 days from the day of purchase - "please contact  BLU products"  I did wrote  around 30 yes its 30 !!!!! emails ... trying to resolve  this issue ... still no help.Hmm  ... I am still trying to find the truth $) and some service  .  I did find the email of CEO of BLU Products ... and sent to him all my correspondence  with the supervisors from BLU and Vendor  stamped by dates ... in one huge email .... just to  be relieved  of this whole nonsense and terrible customer support.2013 3rd BLU STUDIO 2 - To be honest I was surprised when I got answer from him directly .  Very  delicate  and nicely written letter  with apology and offer to get new model of BLU STUDIO 5.3 Smartphone  !!! free of charge. OMG all this emails .. looking for help finally  paid off...  HAPPY END ????  NO WAY  only half story ...When I got new Smartphone  BLU Studio 5.3 II.  It worked nicely  for couple weeks than ... its start failing APART.Here are list of  issues with BLU  smarphone1) Clicking by itself ... and the screen is not responsive a lot of times  (even when I did factory reset and as test did capture couple pictures ... it happened again and again)2) Low RAM ...  Even with couple applications  since its only 512 mb of ram its freezing and shutting down apps . A lot of freezing with GPS on and map from Google with data connection on and Bluetooth on. Especially when trying to play music on background  ... its start freezing and shutting down applications by itself.3) Very low battery life ... the original BLU were holding up to 4-5 days of active use ... this one ... less than a DAY. (I did charging now 2 times a day)4)Echo - a lot of complains from my coworkers and friends  .So I did start warranty service on this "gift" from CEO of BLU PRODUCTS.  I was out of states for work...  So it took me a several weeks to send for repair/ replacement.I was assured multiply times that if  issues (the main one - clicking on the screen by itself) will be confirmed - they will replace it with new model.But in real life  ...another 20 emails ... no real help ... only promises to resolve the issue and make me happy.  they tried to charge me 80$ for replacing wet ?? system board ..  and finally sent back pretty much same unit with replaced  screen, system board and same defective battery ...  nice job....2013 4th BLU STUDIO 2  - So for now I did give  it to friend as present. with explanation - no obligation from me.... and if something will happen to this phone ???  I don't care and don`t do anything Real to help with this wonderful  Smartphone. Lesson learned from BLU PRODUCTS support. $)  Good luck.

Excellent value for money. I strongly reccomend adjusting the screen brightness though. At the default 100% the screen looks beautiful but will drain your battery quickly even with moderate usage. Also the earpiece and speaker could have been a bit louder but is definitely audible. All in all, the positives far out way these attributes.

Good phone no lie why pay $500 for a samsung note when this is as good and get the job done...

I love my new "Used" Blu Life View! The screen is sharp and crisp. It holds up to direct sunlight with very little fade. The processor moves through apps with great speed. Data service is running very well "Metro PCS".People are always asking me about the device and seem very interested in it, telling me how cool it looks. Voice calls are clear. This thing is big and beautiful and has this sexy grown up look to the device. My only gripe is that I need a new replacement cover as mine came shipped with a broken cover for the SIM cards. Where do I find a new piece?

I was nervous at first about ordering this phone because I knew little about the brand but I'm so glad that I went through with the order. I love this phone!!! It arrived on time and was better than I expected!! The pictures are awesome and the color is great. I have even ordered another phone for my son and he loves it as well~

This phone is awesome! I'm not gonna go into all the specs because there are plenty other reviews already, but this phone is pretty much perfect. The battery life is amazing ( I'm 25 years old and always social networking and gaming) and it lasts all day and then some on one charge. Both the cameras are great!There are two things, though, that took away one star: The autodim feature, which dims the phone's backlight about every 10 secs if you don't touch the phone's screen. And the internal storage issue. I have now kinda gotten used to the autodim, because I've had the phone now for 5 months, so I don't really complain about it much anymore. But. it is still a little annoying. And the internal storage will fill up really quickly, so you have to constantly move any apps downloaded to the bigger phone storage.But, like I said, this phone would be perfect if not for those two things. The price is amazing, it's a great looking phone, and it's big as hell (which I loooooooove)!
