
My first and only smartphone before this was a very clunky Droid 3. I had purchased a larger battery with the D3 just so I would have a phone that lasted throughout the day. I had several comments about how big and bulky that phone was and although I liked the phone for the most part, it had trouble doing normal tasks without slowing down quite a bit. Then I got this LG G2 and I really can't talk this phone up enough.Pros:Battery life is amazing, it lasts all day with heavy use. There have only been a few times where I've burned through the battery in a day and that was while playing some pretty graphic intensive games very often during the day.Speed... I think my phone is faster than my wife's laptop, seriously, it restarts quickly and runs everything I throw at it without any hick-ups.I know it's probably a bit of a gimmick, but the knock-on feature should be the new standard in smartphones and tablets. I love the ease of just double tapping the screen without having to find the small power button, I'm now so used to it that I tend to do it to other phones and devices without thinking and it takes me a moment to realize I'm not on my G2.KitKat - LG put out the 4.4 update and Verizon has their version.Nice large beautiful screen with great color!The pictures you'll take on this are great and can be even better with some extra apps.Amazon App store - I know it's available on any android device, but the Free App of the Day is a great deal!Cons:Bloatware - There are a lot of unnecessary apps and features on this phone, but you can easily find a list of those apps online and disable them; increasing your battery life a bit further.The size of this phone can also be a Con for some. It's pretty big, but that's a Pro for me.There's really very little you can say against this phone. The LG G2 is debatably the best phone on the market today and with a new contract/contract extension you get this for next to nothing. All of my iPhone friends and family get sad faces when they see their phones next to mine.Bottom line - You can't go wrong with this smartphone.

This is a great phone! I had a Motorola Droid Razr for two years. The issues I had with that phone was the battery and the fact that apps would run slow on it. The G2 is awesome. It can easily go up to two days on standby. It has built-in wireless charging, a great screen that runs edge to edge, a fantastic camera, runs apps super fast, and does phone calls very well.Compared to the Razr, it is nearly as thin and light, but has a bigger screen. The phone still fits well in your hand, which I was worried about because I have small hands. I can access most things with one hand using my thumb. You can double tap the screen to turn it on or off, which is actually handy.The android interface is great on this, and LG's additions are much better than Motorola's. This phone gives you the ability to keep apps open similar to a windows PC. The text messaging app is also much better than what Motorola offers as it will pop up a new message without having to unlock the phone.

I bought this phone directly from verizon when it was release and let me tell it is the best phone I've ever had. The battery life is amazing I can easily get 2 to 3 days of standby time with moderate usage.  This phone has better processor than Samsung galaxy S4(US version) and HTC ONE. It actually has the same processor as the samsung galaxy note 3.The only significant annoyance that I don't like is the proximity sensor is too sensitive if you turn on the using the power button and sweep downwards for notification screen. the sensor will randomly turn off the screen. I also wish the speaker phone is a little better, callers reported they could't hear me very wellThings that I miss from my previous phones is SD card slot and off screen navigation buttons. I don't mind having the power and volume buttons at the back, it actually makes adjusting the volume easier when the I'm talking on the phone.

This phone is fast and easy to use.It has some features such as easy remote for the tv .Love it

My wife and I recieved our phones about a month ago.  Love them!  I could go through and list the same feature likes that everyone else has, but really you would just be reading a rerun.  I would like to address a couple of the negatives listed however.  No trouble with the tap on feature from day one.  I'll usually just give it three quick ones to make sure, but again, works fine for me.  The thing that I find truly amazing is that there are gripes (a few) regarding the camera of this phone.  It is 13 megapixels for starters, and that is better than quite a few digital cameras on the market.  We have found that it takes INCREDIBLE pictures.  Nothing but a professional camera is going to work with little or no light.  It's still a phone.BUY IT!!!!!

I am totally satisfied with this phone. I like it even better in person. For the price you can not buy a better phone. The only con I have is there is no ad card slot. The phone does have 32 gig of internal which makes up for that.

Fast, smooth and great in most every way. The default sounds are incredibly lame but Zedge takes care of that. The screen is big bright and very responsive.  The speakers are a little wimpy but ok. My only gripe - and this goes for most any phone other than Samsung - The US version doesn't have a microSD slot to pop another 32GB memory into it for $20. The onboard 32GB is pretty much adequate.

This phone is super fast,has excellent battery life,awesome call quality,and it has a a good solid build quality, I literally walked into the verizon store to buy the samsung s4 and after playing with this phone for an hour  I was soooo. Impressed with lg/g2 that I changed my mind and bought it. the Lg user interface is dissapointing.( easily fixed .installed  Nova Launcher ) and all the customization were at my fingertips.the knock knock feature works well.i find myself not using the power button on back at all except to power on/off ..there  is a lot of lg/verizon bloatware,but the great  thing about this phone is it lets you  disable pretty much all of them via its task manager. The camera on this phone takes outstanding pictures and video. The only weakness that I see on this phone is its speaker,at higher levels it distorts ,but since I never listen to music without my headphone it doesn't bother me at all.i give this phone a 9 out of 10 due to the speakers but otherwise  this  phone is  Awesome!!!!!!

Great phone. Great display, great battery life. I wish the speaker was better, only minor complaint. What else do you need to know.

I am very happy I got this phone.  The battery life is terrific. I do wish the speakers were louder but still 5 stars.

Love this phone! It is very intuitive,  fast and it kills my friends S4 in benchmarks! The camera is phenomenal.  It has to be VZWs best kept secret!

Nice phone, Verizon's bloatware is awful. The size of the screen is wonderful but the phone is a complete smudge magnet. The back especially as I tried to keep a rag handy with me to wipe the screen off as much as possible. Blazing fast, can handle many apps running at once and there was no stutter in gaming graphics when playing app games. The only thing that I found to be a bit lagging was Youtube videos, even though I had perfect WIFI signal, I still had a bit of buffering. I checked my side, but my internet connection was fine. It was the only device that the YouTube videos stuttered on, came to conclusion it must have been the phone. The speaker is not really loud, but it does the job. The ringtones that I had for the phone if it was turned up full volume would distort because the speaker is lacking.I am not into rooting or flashing phones so I don't know how to remove the bloatware that Verizon packs onto this phone. LG did a good job with this phone, however if the speaker was a bit better it would be perfect. The only thing that I wish was different other than the speaker is the smoothness of the back. There needs to be more grip on the back, when I would take it outside at nights I was constantly afraid I was going to drop it. We have a slat porch so if I dropped it, it would be a mess getting it from under the porch.I should have went on and bought a case, but I wasn't 100 percent positive about keeping the phone because of Verizon's hefty monthly charges. They are the cheapest of the bigger companies but still a hefty fee comes on that bill regardless.All in all, if you are wanting a bigger smartphone this is a nice one. I wish that I had went with a Samsung because I love the shape of the Galaxy line. I was quite excited when it came to the house though and it didn't have any huge flaws that made it completely unusable either. With a nice rubber case and a screen protector, this phone would be alot better.One more thing, it has plenty of space on the phone. However a big con that I think alot of people are upset about is there is no SD slot. There was 24GB free when I received mine, which is plenty to do whatever you can imagine. I just think that you should be able to maximize that regardless. I mean seriously how many phones these days DON'T have a SD slot? Not many that I can recall off the top of my head, this one needs that slot. I also wish that the headphone jack would have been on the top but these are small flaws that doesn't affect the actual usage of the phone.

I've had the phone for about 3 weeks.  It is blazing fast and the double tap works great.  The picture is everything that was promised.  I am very happy with the battery life.  I don't do a lot of streaming, so I could go nearly 2 days on a single charge.  The buttons on the back take some getting used to, but now I like it better than more traditional locations.  I highly recommend.

Chose this over Samsung S4 and Nexus One. I purchased without contract directly from Verizon. been using about a month now.Pros- Great battery life, arrive home with 1/2 full battery every time- Fast, fast, fast, for all apps. Always responsive- Crystal clear screen- Light weight, and not too large- Good feedback from onscreen keyboard (important for an old Blackberry user)- Love the pull-down notifications, plus being able to customize other buttons in UICons- Double-tap to wake up doesn't always work (others have commented on this)- Feels flimsy and breakable, I bought a case & screen protector for it (but still light & slim with it)- Getting used to volume buttons on back, but just took a few weeks

Cllear bright screen and very fast. Great speakers and soundSupports running multiple apps at the same time without slowing any down

It is a great phone. The screen is lovely. The camera takes great photos. Nice size as well. Wonderful choice.

Have been using this phone for 2 days and I'm extremely impressed with the phone. Can't give it 5 stars since it's not perfect, but given the price and what it does right, it's a solid 4 stars. Just for context, my last phone was a Verizon Galaxy Nexus, so many of my gripes surround the non-stock Android experience.Pros:Great battery life. One artifact of me using a 2-year old phone is my &#34;extended&#34; battery would only last about 10 hours before I needed to charge - less if I e-mailed a lot of took several calls in the morning. Under normal usage patterns (GPS, Wifi, BT on for audio and phone on car) and display set to auto with a baseline of 61%, I'm at 67% after 14 hours of usage. I wouldn't necessarily go overnight without charging, but it's certainly an option.Screen - it's amazing LG was able to fit such a large screen into the FF. It dwarves the 4.65 on the Gnex and it's really not that far behind the Note 3 that my wife uses. Colors are great, crisp, decent viewing angles. Doesn't get as bright as the Note 3, but I can't stand it at full brightness anywaysSpeed - this thing screams. It's not a flawless experience, you still get the typical Android OS lag (seriously, they needed to fix this) but when it's running you can tell that the system is made to multitask and made to compute quicklyDesign - I'm a fan of the piano black/glossy finish. Attracts fingerprints like mad, but I'm surprisingly in love with the slippery, elegant nature of the phone. I'm most likely throw it somewhere by accident, but with no buttons on the edges, it's one slab of glossy plastic goodness. I may be in the minority here.Camera - I'm not a great judge of this. pictures are fast, crips, lots of settings, don't listen to my review here on this. Way better than Gnex, not as good as 5s. Judge for yourself.Cons:LG's skin - ugly and no value added. I can't say there's a single one of LG's own apps or features (outside of the camera world) which I'm going to continue using. Luckily we're on Android so google's versions are so much better.Glitches - The screen unlock/knock feature is a 50/50 proposition for waking up the phone. it'll always turn the screen off, but turning on always involves extra attempts the first time. Sometimes when you unlock, some widgets will show up and mess up the display. Seems software related and easily fixable, hopefully the 4.4 update will take care of thisButton placement - the big deal with this phone is the random backside buttons. While I love what this has done for the phone aesthetically and i can feel myself getting used to the placement, it's really not so much an feature as it is an obstacle. Annoying to say the least. It'll grow on you, but sometimes you ask yourself &#34;why bother&#34;?

It's a nice phone w/ good OS, but the touch screen stopped responding after few weeks.  Had to get a replacement via Verizon.

I've had this phone a little over 3 weeks. Love that it's big, almost as big as the note 3. Screen is fantastic. Camera is amazing. Amazing battery life is the icing on the cake. Buttons on the back are different and neat.the only problem i've ever really had so far is the knock on feature. when you double tap on the screen to unlock it, sometimes it doesn't quite work. no biggie. still 5 stars.love it, recommend!

I'm real happy with this wireless. Activating it was very easy, Play's all the latest games, watch full definition movies' The user interface responds fast and the battery is a high density battery that provides maximum capacity in a slim case.

This phone, although larger than my old iPhone, is a joy to use. I've gotten used to the size. It worked much better overseas than my wife's iPhone. She is anxiously awaiting the time when her contract is up so she can get an LG.  i do wish the voicemail access was less cumbersome. But the screen size is wonderful, and the voice quality is exceptional.

There's a lot to like about this phone.  The screen and battery life are easily the best I've had on a smartphone to date.  There are two main issues - one is that the UI has some significant issues.  The second issue, and this is a dealbreaker, is that the touch screen on this phone is not reliable.For the first point, the built-in keyboard is awful.  It's crammed with far too many buttons, and the spacebar is moved off to the left side meaning it's very uncomfortable to space with your right thumb.  The auto-correct is atrocious - it corrects completely valid words.  Undoing some auto-corrections is not intuitive at all (nightmare at the end of a sentence).  Fortunately, it's easy enough to replace LG's keyboard with a better alternative like the Google Keyboard.In terms of case design, the power and volume buttons are inexplicably on the back of the phone, where it is very awkward to operate them.  The power button is between the two power keys, and it's hard to differentiate them all.  So I often end up pressing the wrong button.The touch screen is the real issue - otherwise I would have given this phone a 3-4 star review.  I've had two consecutive phones that had screens break.  On the first, the screen would go wild like I was pressing buttons randomly.  Completely unusable.  The second developed a dead spot (unresponsive to touch) and another spot that did double presses (making it very difficult to type).  This isn't just extreme bad luck on my part - if you go online and search for touch screen issues on this phone, it is very common.  What happens when my one year warranty is up?  There's a decent chance I'm going to be left with an unusable device that I have to replace without the benefit of a discount from renewing my contract.  Buy at your own risk.

This phone is fantastic. I switched to this phone from the Razr Maxx for 2 reasons. 1, battery life and 2, screen size. Well, I'm happy to say the switch was well worth it. Battery life is on par with the Razr Maxx and the size of the screen while bigger than the Razr Maxx doesn't even feel like it is. The phone is fast, sleek and amazing. It holds a charge all day, which is huge. The HD screen is just fantastic for watching movies or playing games. I know people made a big deal abut he buttons being on the back of the phone... well, honestly, it does't matter to me. It took all of one day to get used to that. The "knock on" feature is cool... yes, at times you have to knock more than 2 times, but I'm ok with that. Camera is great, takes great videos and pictures. I highly recommend putting a screen protector on the front, and some kind of covering on the back of the phone as it is a fingerprint magnet and a bit slippery. It is a thin, sleek, fast phone... I'm more than happy with this phone.

Buy a better constructed phone that doesn't have the touch function die within the first two years...I wont buy LG again

I gave this phone to my daughter and she loves it! It takes the most beautiful photos and the other features deliver as advertised. She has not had any problem with the placement of the function buttons.

Like the title says, this is the best phone I have ever owned.  I am not a cell phone expert and have only owned an HTC One X and Samsung Nexus, and played with a few others.  My only criteria when I was looking was long battery life, big screen and low cost.  The battery life is amazing and I can last a couple of days without needing to charge and when I do charge, that is also amazing since it does a full charge quickly.  I haven't timed it but all I know is when I hear the beep indicating a full charge, I think "holy cow that was fast."  It also processes everything lightning fast as well.  The phones I have previously owned usually had some quirks like the HTC locked up occasionally but so far the LG has been flawless.  Except that the knock feature (tapping twice on the screen to turn it on) doesn't work all of the time for me.Regarding the volume and power buttons being placed on the back, I really like it and for me it was immediately intuitive.  Nothing against having the buttons on the side but it seems a lot easier to press the volume or power button with your index finger than to press the volume or power button on the side and possibly have the phone pop out of you hand.I guess my only gripe would be the camera doesn't take as nice of pictures as my HTC or even the Samsung did but I can live it but on the other hand, maybe I need to play with it more.  Don't know what else to say.  If along battery life is important to you, you won't be disappointed.  I am surprised it isn't more popular but just shows how much of a hold Apple and Samsung have on the market.

I have had this phone for a few months now (got it only days after VZW started carrying) and it is still the best out there in my opinion. It has it all, and has been updated a few times so it is nice to see LG making it even better.Instead of listing all of the facts and things I like about the phone, let me give you one piece of advice. GET A CASE FOR IT. There is practically no bevel on the phone and if you drop it even a few inches and it lands on a corner or the face, it will crack. Even if you hate cases (like I did, learned the hard way) get something so it creates a barrier from the glass to the surface, this is a must or I can assure you the screen will break if you drop it on a hard surface.

My husband and I love these phones. He was playing it with it last night and said 'This is the first time I have ever been overwhelmed the features of a phone!' Nothing but rave reviews for them. For now anyways :)

I absolutely love this phone.  I had been waiting since early spring for a new phone and wanted the HTC ONE on Verizon.  Since the exceptionally long wait for that to happen, the LG G2 was released and I thought it had better overall specs.  I like the thin bezel which maximizes screen size but keeps the handset to usable proportions.  The resolution is of the highest spec and to me is a perfect color representation. The battery has lasted over 2 days once I was back to normal usage patterns.  The first couple weeks it was new I used it all the time, and even then it lasted an entire 24 hours.  My absolute favorite feature is the double tap to power on/off.  I've seen many reviews say this is spotty, but they may not understand you have to be at a home screen to do it.  It works flawlessly and I use it exclusively when it's laying on my desk.  The volume and power buttons really are natural to use when talking and holding the phone.There have been complaints about some of the native apps, but I don't see any issues with them.  It's android, so if you have an issue with an app, you pick a different one.  The only thing I've changed is the keyboard app for a free one that does swipe text.  The quick menus are novel, but I use the native android task manager.  Absolutely nothing to complain about so far.  I had an HTC Evo 4G which now feels incredibly old school and small compared to this.  Love it!

best LG phone out ever made. this is one of the best lg phones I have ever owned. its a must buy!

Although much bigger than my incredible 2, the lg g2 is not awkward in my hand or while typing. The os is ssimilar and guest mode rocks. Picture and sound quality are great, even though id prefer louder ringtones. Camera is good and the speed... wow the speed.Sound investment on my behalf.

The LG G2 from Verizon Wireless is the first smartphone I have looked at that can give a Samsung Galaxy Note a run for the money.This medium priced smartphone packs more into one device than I have seen to date. It has so many features that most of them are not fully covered in my YouTube review here: http://youtu.be/TCnop093hIo

I just love this phone the battery life is great. It might take a little time to get use to the controls on the back but  once you do its smooth sailing

Nice phone. I am coming from a Note 3 and love the heck out of it, but I lost my job and couldn't pay my bill and my carrier wouldn't wait until my funds came in before disconnecting me. I bought this phone based on looks, because it is a temporary phone... turns out I am very pleased with it. I miss the large screen on my Note 3 but a huge phone is not for everybody. The phones only fault is the carrier (Verizon) that is not very good in my area. Phone is fast and easy to use and has a ton of bells and whistles... the stock TV remote works way better than my Note 3 remote, even though I have Samsung TV's I am gonna hang on to this until the Note 4 is released.. then I will promptly switch and move back to T-Mobile. In the meantime I have a very fun and stable phone to work with. Been using it for about 3 weeks now. I would recommend this phone for most people, unless you want to spend twice as much for a slightly larger screen (like me) this is the phone to get, unless you need an additional storage for large amounts of movies or songs. 32 gigs is more than enough for most people. To sum this up.. this seems to be the king of mid-grade phones. Enjoy your LG L2.

Design: crappy cheap plastic that can bend in your pocket and crackSpecs: LG brags about this phone having 2GB ram but the OS uses 1.5GB at all timesCamera: on par with iphone 5 cameraDon't buy this phone

Stepped up from an iPhone 4S to the Verizon LG G2.  This phone has amazing screen size and clarity, awesome battery life (2 days for me with a slow charge...I find I get longer battery life with a slow charge using any charger that fits as opposed to the included fast charger), simple & intuitive interface, and easy set up.  I had a Galaxy Nexus a couple of years ago but the phone died.  Android has come a long way since then. Very impressive :)

First time ever I've been totally happy with my Cell phone purchase.  With all the Smart phones' I've bought in the past they always had something that made me think WTF!?!?!The innovation of putting buttons in the back is crazy brilliant.  It did take time to get use to but it deserves round of applause.Unlike Samsung phones with you can actually see and read the screen in sunlight, meaning you can use navigation in the car during the day, read and reply to emails.  Speaker phone you can actually use to have conversations with. Customizable IR blaster means you can really play pranks.This isn't no HTC one build quality, but who really cares when everyone puts a case on it??  It feels solid.BEST of all?  Battery life is simply undisputed.

Amazingly fast and lightweight. I had a big concern for having a bigger screen, but not walking around with a huge phone, and this phone is perfect. There is a lot of customizing to do, but once you are finished, its worth it.

For starters, I had planned to get a Samsung Note III, to replace my Note 1, but when I saw what the G2 could do, for a lot less coin, I was sold. It's totally fast and smooth, with its quad four processor.One of my favorite features is the lack of side buttons. The double-tap on the screen to turn it on works just perfectly, once you get the rhythm, and it's so instinctive that it makes using the phone a much smoother experience. Especially handy when the phone is mounted in a phone holder in the car...you just tap on the screen to light it up. I probably used the power button on the back twice.Most things are pure Android, just very fast, with a huge screen, huge battery, and graceful feel in the hand.The camera is really good. It doesn't amp up the greens like a Samsung camera, which although appealing is actually a distortion. So the G2 colors actually reflect reality, and do it well and crisply. Very good in low light.A very cool feature is the tiny blinking blue LED that tells you when you've gotten a text or something. Just a terrific phone.

Great phone! !! Great picture I recommend to all. LG is the way to go.fast easy user friendly light fit UN pocket

First off, I got tired of the Samsung and Apple so I went with this phone after reading about it online and comparing. This phone has everything I want:-display is awesome.-battery life is ridiculously good (this might be my favorite thing about the phone)-camera is also awesome...better than the S4 in my opinion-overall performance is excellent...very responsive and fluidNo second thoughts after getting this phone. If you are on the fence about it...just get it. You wont be sorry!

I bought this phone for my daughter.  It does everything she wanted a smart phone to do exceptionally.  The power button on the back took getting used to, but no worries about accidentally shutting the phone down during a conversation, like the razr.

I upgraded from a Droid 2 - after 3 years my battery life had made the phone almost unusable.I was very nervous about not having a slider and having the on/off button and volume keys on the back side. I use my phone in an armband when I work out, and thought that this would be an issue causing inadvertent volume changes, or powering down of the phone. I bought the rubberized case from Verizon (and the inductive charger). The case makes it almost impossible to accidentally key the buttons on the back. They have not been a problem, and I am getting used to using them - maybe even finding them useful.While I still miss the slider keyboard some, I am able to type fairly accurately with the integral/onscreen keyboard.Battery life has been fantastic! My wife has a Droid Razr Maxx HD, and the G2 either beats it for run/up time or matches it - under similar usage.Yesterday, I used it to (as I always did with my Droid 2) run the Torque application to monitor my truck (uses both Bluetooth and GPS - with screen blanking disabled, and not plugged into the charger), took some pictures, used it to call home, sent some text messages, and I ran for over 40 minutes using my Cardio Trainer app (again, GPS, Bluetooth, and screen to full time and brightness, while playing music). I still had over 50% battery remaining. My Droid 2 would have been dead before I finished my run - even fully charged. When I put the G2 on the charger last night, it had over 40% left, and that was a phone estimated battery remaining 35+ hours. I have run it for two days straight with out recharging the battery - and still had some left.The camera has been excellent. The adjust-ability of camera and the optical stabilization helps ensure that my pictures are clear.The phone is really fast - excellent app processing, fast connection, fast boot time, good, accurate GPS, and the Bluetooth works very well with all of my Bluetooth accessories.The inductive charging is a great feature which is unique to the Verizon version.Built in speaker (quality and volume) is my only nit-pick. It is adequate for speakerphone calls, but mediocre for music. My Bluetooth headphones work great, and so do my regular headphones.

I'm not going to go into a lot of depth on the features.  Many other reviewers have covered that in detail.  And let's be totally honest.  In today's cell phone market, the average user is making two choices: iOS or Android, and screen size.  Everything else is, basically, the same.  And most of the extra features manufacturers pack in are just random things that everyone tries once and then never uses again (hi, Siri!).What I will focus on for my review is the buttons.  I don't know if LG had a great idea with the &#34;power and volume buttons on the back of the phone&#34; concept on this model, because Verizon has changed them from their original.  LG's default version, I understand, has larger buttons that are easier to feel, and Verizon went ahead and made the smaller and more flush with the back of the phone.  That was a lousy idea, Verizon.When you're looking at the front of the phone, it's true that your index finger does naturally go to the general area of the buttons.  But it's impossible to tell whether your finger is on the volume down, the power, the volume up, or the camera lens!  You have to slide your finger up and down just to get a frame of reference for what it's touching, then find the button you want and push it.  As a result, I almost always double-tap the screen to turn it on instead of push the power button, but as other reviewers have pointed out, the double-tap only works about 75% of the time.  I also find that having the phone in my pocket is close enough to skin that sometimes my leg will fool it into thinking I've double-tapped the screen, which is annoying.Generally, I like the phone, and I don't want people to not buy it just because my review has focused on the negative rather than the positive.  But the arrangement of those buttons is downright aggravating.  Now I look at other peoples' phones, with volume buttons and power buttons nowhere near each other, and I get jealous.

So I was a fairly large fan of LG's previous flagship the Optimus G. It had good specs, design and performance and just was an overall good experience. I have been using the Galaxy S4 since a little while after it came out. It has been decently satisfying, however it never had the best performance, or stock software implementations. So after seeing the new LG phone out with some grand new ideas I decided to give it a go.Design: After holding something like the HTC One, everything kind of moves down a notch, however the G2 doesn't completely disappoint. Like the Galaxy series, LG has received some grief about their design decisions with the G2. It is plastic yes, but as I have said about the S4, they did make some decisions to make it look and feel more premium. Firstly the phone feels very sturdy, and solid. The shape feels good in the hand and is actually kind of interesting looking. The back plastic used has a metallic look with a nice honeycomb design put into it. Most noticeable thing about the design is the back buttons. They in my opinion are not as good as side buttons but not awful. They are easy to hit but i hit the wrong one most of the time. I wish they would have separated the volume and power button more as they are hard to differentiate as is. However knock knock alleviates most of my complaints about that, though I do miss the front home button on my Samsung.Performance: Really all I can say is great, it boots fast and apps run extremely quick. I tried out games like GTA Vice city and they run like a charm. You shouldn't have to worry about anything with it, the processor is way ahead of the snapdragon 600 and the GPU is also if i remember correct like a 40% performance increase.Software: Really some people complain about LG here and I think they is an area where they really shine. They take things that you find more commonly in custom roms or other third party software and add them in. Firstly it has a built in sms app that firstly isn't ugly (and lets you customize the look), but allows pop up's which is great. The main homescreen allows you to change icon pictures and sizes,screen transition animations, as well as customization's to the app drawer. In the settings you can switch from list or tabbed viewing. From there you can change alot of things about the lock screen, you can even change the soft key layout and design. Most of these things you had to download custom roms, or get third party software to get but LG has built these in which is a great step forward. Knock Knock is also something not new, there have been apps that do this before but never something I've seen come stock. It works for the most part, however like most people said sometimes it takes 2 tries or 3 knocks but it isn't terrible annoying.Storage: not the best, it is listed as 32gb but only like 24gb is available and no sd card. However it is enough for me to use. I'm just glad they didn't take the moto x route and give 16gb with no sd card.Camera: Really great the optical image stabilization is noticeable with less blurry pictures, though not as good as I hoped. It takes pictures decently fast however the focus time can be forever, and it won't let you like do anything while it's trying to focus. It has the usual range of features however most of you will either just take a regular snapshot or a regular video, but other options are welcome.Screen: really great, takes up like the whole freaking phone which gives it a much better look. The auto brightness like I've seen on previous LG's doesn't seem to really react as fast as other phones and stays dim when you walk outside for a longer time than I would like.Battery: While I came in with high hopes (maybe to high) I wasn't disappointed.LG did a lot of engineering in the battery department which is great to hear. The battery seems to last decently long, it will sit in standby forever but drains fairly normal during usage. Though I could probably get around 5+ hours of screen time with normal use I think if I added gaming into that it would drain a decent bit faster. But you should have absolutely no problem getting through the day and if you use the included charger/cord it charges very fast as well.*EDIT UPDATE* So I have had more use with the battery and it has been even better. After a 15 hour day and maybe close to 2 hours of screen time I will still be above 50%. Right now this morning I've been up for 2 hours, played a game for like 20 minutes and have 35 minutes screen time and I am at 95% battery life still. So in other words it's been fantastic.Calls/Signal: Haven't had any trouble with calls and clarity, it seems to get better signal than my S4 also (though Samsung is usually the worst).GPS - Have to add in, with the Verizon specific model there seems to be gps issues. I have trouble a lot of the time getting GPS to function correctly. Sometimes I has trouble grabbing it at all, sometimes its slow, now and then it works pretty good. It seems to be off where I'm actually at sometimes too and will jump around a bit.Conclusion: LG gets a lot of credit from me with their work on the G2. They focused on some very important things such as battery, performance, software design, and they did them right. They tried a few new things with their button layout too which I give them credit for giving it a chance even if i don't think it's the best. It's really hard to say which phone is top on verizon currently. If you want the best battery life, and the best specs screen wise, and performance wise I would say the G2 is your go phone, its pro's heavily outweigh its cones on any of it's cons in most any situation.UPDATE 1/19/2014 - I'm still happy about my G2, speed has kept fairly consistent, as well as battery has been unstoppable. However it has an issue where when you turn it on, if you are covering the ambient light sensor it will turn the screen off again a lot of the time which seems to have no fix. Gps works alright after installing a custom rom but it's still off and takes a bit to connect, and the cameras OIC seems to just still not work as great as I hoped. These are mild disappointments, which can mostly be fixed with software, if you are still looking for a larger phone with top specs, and great battery this is a great phone still.

I have to disclose that this is my very first smartphone. Upgraded from a flip phone from Tracphone. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GADGET!!!!  I find it pretty easy to use, or at least figure out how to use it. After about a month of use I am hooked.  I cannot compare it to an iphone, never used one.

I bought this phone 3 months ago or so, mainly got this  phone because it was available through Verizon, and it had really good reviews.  I love this phone.  It is bigger than my last phone, but thin and light.  It doesn't feel bulky at all, I got a ultra-thin case for it as well.  Takes great pictures, I love the crisp display, all that is great.  The buttons on the back thing is a  little weird at first, but you get used to it, i don't mind it at all anymore.All in all, great phone!

Outstanding phone.  I love it.  The new placement of the on/off and volume buttons is great, is easy to get use to and most importantly are removed from the sides of the phone where they are easily activated when you don't want them to be.  The call capability is very, very good.  Sound is clear and plenty loud enough.  Have not had any dropped calls.  The speed of the phone is super fast.  I am not a gamer so I don't use it for that.  The display is bright, very large and flat out beautiful.  The battery is awesome.  With my usage, it stays powered for three days.  If in doubt about which phone to buy give the LG G2 a try.  You will be glad you did.

My last 3 smartphones were all Motorola's, the original Droid, The Droid x and The Droid Razr Maxx.While my last phone the Razr Maxx was a great phone when I first bought it, after the OS updates it was a sluggish piece of frustration.Moving forward; My choices were narrowed down to the HTC ONE and the LG G2,. I really liked the HTC One build quality but the hardware on the G2 was superior and it made sense to me to buy the best there is now because I'm going to be stuck with it for the next 2 years.  Surprisingly, the LG G2 was 50 dollars  and the HTC ONE was  100. I traded in my old phone for 50, so basically I paid nothing, you can't beat that!I have read almost all the reviews I could find on this LG G2 and I came across a lot of negative comments about LG's customizations on the android user interface. After using this phone for a few days I'm not at all dissappointed with LG's software, I  I did not see it as invasive at all, I actually like LG's software and find it very useful for the most part, and the parts I don't like are easily ignored.Verizon and LG did load a lot of bloatware on the device, however it appears all the brands do that and I think it stinks that I can't unload software on MY phone that I paid for.My favorite feature on this phone is that it can be used as an infrared remote control and I have 3 profiles set up for my living room, bedroom and den.  It was easier to set up than any universal remote I have ever had including some expensive programmable remotes.Without going into great detail about what has already been discussed, this phone is blazing fast. The Wifi radio is far superior to my motorola razr maxx, I now get good wifi at work where is before it was spotty.It has an awesome camera with many features and presets.I bought the LG flip case with the smart window and it is a pretty awesome case with cool features like showing a clock through the window, controlling mp3 player and weather, you can also answer the phone without opening the case, all you have to do is lift it to your ear and it automatically answers the call as it has a sensor that knows it is lifted to your face.You can set up a guest mode on this phone so when someone swipes the unlock pattern with a pattern that is not yours you can configure it to go into a guest mode and set up what they can and can't access.The buttons on the back of the phone are not an issue to me, I really don't need to use them at all, I can do everything from the screen.The Qslide feature is pretty neat, you can open up programs on top of other programs like for instance I want to jot down a phone number and be able to see it while I use the phone keypad at the same time, or open up a calculator when you are paying bills online.So, in conclusion ,if you are waiting for the next best phone to come out like the galaxy s5 or the htc one (2nd gen) they probably won't be much better than this phone hardware wise. You can probably pick this phone up for free with a new contract as opposed to paying $200 for the latest and greatest

I upgraded to the G2 from the HTC Droid DNA.  Now the DNA was an awesome phone.  Quad-core processor, 5-inch screen, and it finally updated to Android 4.2.2 (took a year).  On top of that the DNA is one good lookin' phone!  I really have nothing bad to say about it.  That being said, I had to leave a family plan and start a new service.  So what was I to do?  UPGRADE!  The G2 has not disapointed me in any way.  Aside from minor gripes that will probably be addressed in future ugrades.  i.e. I don't like the soft-key buttons, they take up screen real estate.  They also are not able to be customized enough ( i would make them smaller for sure)  The rear buttons as other reviewers have said take some getting used to (about a day) but I LOVE have NO buttons anywhere around the edge.  The phone is a fingerprint magnet but still manages to look incredible from any angle.  I have had zero problem with the double-tap to unlock at all,  I do not use it to lock the phone.  I customize HEAVILY, using Next Launcher and GO Locker primarily I have not ran into anything I can't adjust/uncheck/gesture assign,or otherwise make do what I want it too.Now I could keep going on about the phone, but to sum it up.  GET IT!  If you want a powerhouse of a phone that will keep you happy until your next upgrade, the G2 is it.Read the specs do your homework.  s4 what?  One?  5s??  LOL ---------------&#62;  LG G2 Lifes good... ;)Amazon is AMAZING.  I got the phones at an unbelievably great price, FREE OVERNIGHT shipping.  I ordered the phones late Wednesday, and received them Friday early afternoon.  All ready to go.

Great phone. Large screen but very light and slim. Button placement really a nonfactor. Works smoothly with no lag. Beautiful pics with quick shutter speed.My favorite feature is andriod integration with google. Looking up directions with google maps on my Macbook that automatically appear on the phone.I have previously owned a motorola photon and iphone 4s.

Changing the buttons was very stupid, it is harder to tell where the buttons are and now the case MFG's have to either make 2 cases or will just make one and say to heck with the other, IMO it was a complete failure...thanks once again Verizon! Great Job LG, although you should have never agreed to changing the buttons.Cheers!

Great phone.

I got this phone for free with 2 year contract, after rebate.  I can highly recommend it.  5 stars doesn't mean flawless, but it's hard to beat.  After seeing it, several of my iPhone-owning friends are jealous.The Good:- Battery.  3,000 mAh is almost unrivaled.  Most Android phones have given up on having a usable battery.  Not here.  Depending on  your usage, you could probably skip a night of charging and be OK.- Speed. Quad-core processor and GPU are snappy!- Screen.  It's large and sharp.  But because it comes very close to the edges of the phone it's not completely unwieldy.- The other features.  Wireless charging, NFC, etc.  Just look at the specs.The Bad:- The buttons on the back.  Not that back buttons are inherently flawed.  But at least LG's implementation is.  They are a bit wobbly, and there's not enough tactile feedback to know if you're pressing on the power, volume, or camera.  You shouldn't have to guess!  Maybe with a month or so of practice I'll get better.- The speaker.  Could be louder/clearer.  I've heard that the Verizon model skips out on a stereo speaker to make room for the wireless charging.The "Meh":- The glossy plastic back.  Slightly cheap smudge attractor.- The "knock on" feature.  Sorta nice, but only works about 75% of the time.- The launcher.  No hiding the bloatware.  I'll get over it.UPDATE:  After a few months, the screen stopped working.  It displayed nothing but pixel noise.  I question the build quality of this phone.

The buttons on the back are of no consequence - &#34;the &#34;knock on-off&#34; feature makes the buttons unnecessary.  So don't overlook the LG G2 based on the many negative comments about the buttons being on the back.  The positives: The display is wonderful, 32 GB is adequate for 99% of users, and the battery lasts at least 16 hours of my normal use (a few texts, listen to a 9-inning ball game, play a card game several times, take 10 calls, explore the features for another half hour).  if you can get the LG G2 for $49 or less, get it.  I paid $300 and don't regret it (necessary to keep my unlimited data). In addition, the speaker is quite acceptable as to volume (I am somwewhat deaf and find the volume nonetheless more than acceptable).You'll never use 50% of the features, but exploring all of them and the ability to customize almost everything makes the LG G2 a constant source of interest.

This phone surpasses all others I have owned. For many years I was an LG girl, then I made the switch to Samsung and regretted it. So glad to be back in the LG world. It's reliable, durable and power packed! It's has a large bright screen and a thin lightweight body. Very very happy!

I am really happy I made the jump to a smartphone and, now, can't believe how long I waited. I was already familiar with the Android OS as I have a Samsung tablet so there was no issues there.The phone is FAST, in fact, much faster than my Samsung Tab 2 and I love the way it integrates everything in my life so well. Phone, email, texts, music, web browsing, shopping, etc. it does it all! I have to admit that it's a lot more functional than my tablet which I find that I am using less and less since I purchased this phone.The display is very nice and colors are crisp and bright. Battery life is excellent and I usually get about 2 days from a single charge with moderate use. If I use it to play games then this drops to a single day. The size is just about right, fits nicely in my pocket and hand, and the design is simple and elegant. Phone reception is good and I've had only one dropped call in the last month. I really like the double tap feature and this is probably the only gesture feature I've ever consistently used.The installed LG launcher is decent particularly after tailoring it to my needs but I did add Nova Launcher Prime which I find to be slightly better. I also uninstalled or disabled a lot of the software preloaded by LG and Verizon and added my own apps from the Play store. That's one of the really nice things about Android, it's inherent flexibility and it's ability to be customized to meet your needs and tastes. The buttons on the back are not really an issue for me as I rarely use them. The camera and software are decent and it takes good pictures particularly in good light.For audio, I listen to my music with my vsonic GR07 BE using the Neutron player and streaming from Pandora and Amazon MP3. The sound is very good and a close second to my laptop on which I use Foobar 2k and a Hifimedia DAC. The LG-G2, when coupled with good headphones and a decent media player, makes an excellent portable music solution.Overall it's a great phone and I really can't believe I have survived without one for so long.+ good specs particularly the processor, it's fast+ battery life+ 32g of internal memory+ nice crisp display+ elegant design and optimal size+ knock on+ decent camera and software+ audio (the 24/96 thing is marketing hype)+ very reasonable price when coupled with a 2 year contract ($30 total)- Bloatware from LG and Verizon- No external memory slots- poor low light camera performance (but this tends to be the norm for most camera phones)

I am what most people would consider to be a huge tech snob, especially when it comes to my phones.  I am very picky and finicky about every little detail.  That said, this is truly and awesome device and HANDS DOWN the best phone in Verizon's lineup as of January 2014.Physically, LG came up with a truly elegant design.  I love that the screen takes up the whole front of the phone.  One think I hate about Samsung devices is the stupid physical buttons they have on the front, which takes up valuable screen real estate and are rendered virtually unnecessary by the design of the Android OS.  The profile of the device is also very thin and feels great in my hand.  It's just a very beautiful phone, in my opinion.The buttons being placed on the back of the phone was awkward at first, but I've grown to really like it.  For one, it encouraged me to utilize LG's new double tap feature, which is awesome.  Essentially, executing a double tap anywhere on the screen will turn the screen on.Hardware wise, you can't do much better than this.  While phones like the Galaxy Note 3 are packed with 3 gigs of RAM as opposed to 2 gigs on this thing, I'll take the powerful quad core processor on this thing any day over the extra gig of RAM and that's no disrespect to the Galaxy Note 3.  It is still a great device.  At 13 megapixels, this thing also has one of the best cameras of anything else out there.  The battery life is also quite amazing.  While it might not be packing quite as much juice as the Maxx line of Moto Droids, it easily gets me through a day and a half of heave use.  At the end of a day of normal use (texting, web surfing, etc.) I find I have at least 60% left over.  The only negative I've experienced is that the actual speaker on the phone doesn't seem to be too great, but I don't really do anything with the sound on anyway.As far as the software goes, it's Android.  So, you know you're getting the most advanced mobile OS out there with all its great features.  The only downside is having to wait for updates to the latest version, but this isn't something that should detract most people.  I can't really speak to LGs custom skin.  I hate manufacturer skins, so I usually throw on a custom ROM or at the very least, I replace my home launcher with something in the Play Store like Nova or Apex.I do really love the QRemote feature, however.  This actually is an LG app which comes built in and takes advantage of the phone's IR blaster to act as a universal remote.  You can create your own remote layouts.  For example, I have a layout for each room in my house.  When I go to the room, I switch to that layout and can control all that room's devices from that layout I created with the app.  Programming the buttons is as easy as taking a device's remote control, pointing it at the phone's IR blaster, and hitting whatever button on the device's remote that you want to emulate on the phone.Overall, this is a really great device and I cannot be happier that I got it.  It came down to this and the Moto X.  While I'm sure I would have been happy with the Moto X,  I'm ecstatic with the choice that I made and wouldn't trade this phone for anything else currently on the market.

I'm sure there is tons of reviews and articles and videos out there about this phone so I will keep this as short as possible because I can write a whole essay on this phone, but I wont.The phone itself is very pleasing to look at, when the screen is off, it looks as if the phone itself is one giant screen, its hard to tell where the screen is exactly unless you take a good look. I like the glossy look and it feels great in the hand. The buttons on the back are a bit strange at first, but I have adapted to them and they are easy to use and feel pretty natural since your fingers naturally lay where they are.The screen is beautiful and vibrant, the phone comes with 2 pre-loaded HD videos that really showcase what this screen is capable of. I was blown away at the quality of the screen, the 5.2 inches is also a very nice size, only minor gripe would be that the buttons being on the screen itself will decrease the size by a bit, however when watching youtube videos or most other videos on the phone, the buttons with fade out and give you the full 5.2 inches of viewing pleasure. The camera is fantastic and takes some great pictures and video, the ois feature helps tremendously.This phone is a beast, its capable of running demanding games with no lag or stutter, although it does tend to warm up during gameplay of those games for example &#34;Real Boxing&#34; or &#34;Real Racing 3&#34;. I'm sure the Snapdragon 800 processor has something to do with that. It has some neat features and can multitask very well. For the customization nerds this phone is a dream, so many things you can customize to your liking, icons, animations, wallpapers and more.Other thoughts:The Knock on feature is amazingly convenient and I cannot imagine a phone without it anymore, I have used other people phones and I find myself trying to wake it up by tapping it on the screen twice only to see it doesn't work and remembering that I have to push the button. Waking it up and putting it to sleep like that just feels really good and is so convenient. I think LG should advertise that feature more, it is fantastic.In conclusion, buy this phone, it is up there with the best of the best out right now and in my opinion is better than the Galaxy S4 which is a highly touted phone.

I love the camera on this phone. The phone is easy to use. If you can operate a computer you can operate this phone.

This is a great phone. LG has done a great job with this. Beautiful screen, call quality is great as is the battery life. If you're looking for a phone to last you through your 2 year contract or just want a beast of a phone, pick up an LG G2.sidenote: i read somewhere that all G2's have the ALL radios on them (GSM, LTE, CDMA, HSPA+) so in theory you could use this phone with all carriers. here's the link to that story via androidcentral [...]

So much faster and better display than my iPhone 4.  I was worried about the size at first, but you get used to the larger size quickly.  Others have said that Verizon loads a lot of bloatware, but the phone was still incredibly fast.

Wow!  I am coming from a Motorola droid biopic and this phone is better in every way.  My wife has a Samsung S4&#34; that I was going to take when she goes,back to an iPhone, but I read some reviews on this phone and could get this for a penny on Amazon.  How great is that!?!  I wish it had a removable battery because I'm a little paranoid about running out of juice.  It really isn't an issue though because the battery lasts longer than the heavy extended life battery I had in my Bionic.  At 32Gig, it has plenty of storage space for me even without a micro sd card.  You will not regret getting this phone.

This phone has met all my expectations. Big gorgeous screen, smooth operation, decent battery and great camera.The cons are what I expected through research. Verizon's model has different buttons but that's about it.

Cons: the &#34;knock on&#34; feature rarely works; the buttons on the back of the phone are annoying (if the knock on feature worked consistently, this wouldn't be as much of an issue); LG's Android skin is wretched.Pros: gorgeous screen, nice camera, good battery lifeIf this phone had either a dedicated power button on the front/side, OR if the knock on feature worked consistently, it would be one of the best phones out there right now.  As it stands, I wish every day that I had gotten a different phone.

June 2014- I'm so happy with this device I either want more of them or buy g3 which just came out.its THE best deal out there,currently as it's $0.01 with 2 year contract. I like the screen and widgets better than HTC M8.November 2013Ive owned two HTC DROID DNA, one Motorola DROID RAZR, HTC THUNDERBOLT,and original Moto DROID.This particular device is AWESOMELY fast. It seems to have exceeded the abilities of my older desktop Penryn quadcore. I think i downloaded all 100 apps in only 30 minutes as fast,as i could select- there was no wait. It is much much faster than Droid DNA (+750MHz) and well worth the upgrade because of the battery size increase to 3300mAhrs.Size is slightly smaller than Droid DNA with plastic feel, but very comfortable. Theres not really any benefit over 5 inch screens because android buttons are moved onto screen from device body. Display is very good; sound not as good as Droid DNA though.The LG apps and interfaces work fine. The keyboard reminds me of Apples!This has no micro sim,but starting at 32GB helps. I have 22GB left with only apps installed.Camera works well and look forward to taking many more pictures. Delay seems a little less as processors are faster and more powerful.I would buy this again. Its not an enormous step up from the DROID DNA but the speed increase is most excellent and it will be tough to go down when HTC ONE MAX is available in US.UPDATE DECEMBER 18TH:1. This phone is a complete joy to use.Blazingly faster than anything else on the market. I can load all the emails I want. File manager can take a million files and still open- the DROID DNA was very SLOW with lots of files. This device doesn't quit!2. Audio and camera quality aren't as good as the HTC DROID DNA but not shabby at all.3. I would buy this again as this is every bit as good as Samsung for much lower price4. Back buttons are fine and don't get in the way really at all5. Battery life is incrementally better than DROID DNA- I thought would last longer. Still has same issues as other smart phones- talk and use lots of applications and battery life quickly goes to zero. GPS drains battery life exponentially which is only useful for brief on/off periods.6. LG's "bloat ware" is a bit gimicky with the faded in the background capability. I like to try it every now and then but I'm not sure its a competitive advantage.

Great phone & delivered quickly.

I love this phone. The battery is amazing. On days with only lite use I will often have 90% of the battery life remaining. The screen is large and crystal clear. Processor is fast and responsive. A HUGE improvement over my old Droid Razr. I would not hesitate to buy it again!

Gotta say, never thought I'd be getting a LG phone as the previous phones have been clunky to work with.  Love the size (not massive like the Note 3 [though Note 3 is awesome too], not too small like the iPhone 5S), the speed and the functionality.  The back buttons are actually quite comfortable to use while holding the phone.  Is it a learning curve for those who have already adjusted to the side button life?  Sure.  But it's not hard to break that habit.  Screen brightness is top notched, I was standing in direct sunlight with sunglasses on and I saw the screen clearly.  Battery life is outstanding too.  I was using it pretty much all day, forgot to plug it in overnight, used it most of the second day while at work, and still had ~39% by the time I plugged it in that night.  The LG's bloatware is plenty, along with Big Red's stuff, but you can disable most of it without any harm to the phone.  Though the LG stuff is kinda neat with what they can do with their gesture controls and such.  Voice search function (not Google Now) Genie (the Siri knock-off) leaves a bit to be desired as it's not as intuitive as Siri or even Google Now.  Overall one of the best phones I've used in a long time, and that's coming from a Galaxy Nexus.  Great phone, and for those who want it, try to catch it on the BF sales.  Most places now have it for $49.99.  You won't regret it.

Going to keep this brief, my wife got the GS4 I the LG G2.  GS4 is a good phone but it is dated, this is better.  For $99 I don't see any reason to go with any other phone...

Love the phone exchanged it for white model. Lg is making its way to the top. Iphone and samsung should be worried

Granted, I've only had the phone a couple days, but my initial reaction is WOW.  I needed to replace my Droid Razr Maxx and did extensive research before opting for the LG G2.  The reviews were so good that I chose it over the new Droid Maxx (too dang expensive for crying out loud), and the Samsung S4 (close second choice but still a little pricey) or the HTC One, Moto X (though I like its price too), Apple.  Side note:  I'll never go to Apple anyway.  Been very happy with Android platform and see absolutely no reason to change.  Ever.  Back to the LG G2, my main wishes were excellent battery life, great camera, excellent call quality, and fast processor.  Of those criteria, I can happily say LG G2 meets or exceeds expectations in every single area and more.  My biggest question after reading reviews was maybe call quality, but after making several calls to people who've previously complained that they "can't hear me/do we have a bad connection" with my old Droid Razr Maxx I'm happy to report they had absolutely no problem hearing me, and I heard them perfectly with the LG G2. And it has a very fast processor.  And the camera, THE CAMERA!!!  My goodness it's head and shoulders above what I had with my previous phone.  I went outside just before sunset and took a picture that on my previous phone, or even my regular camera, would have been pitifully dark.  But the  LG G2 picture was excellent.  After the sun went down I took a picture of my lowly lit garden, and same thing....great picture using "night" scene!  The 20-picture burst mode and pic in pic mode are great features, too.  If I come up with some negatives on this phone I'll amend this review but right now I highly recommend it, especially for the average everyday phone user who doesn't know a gigabyte from a hole in the wall.  Can't beat the price, too.  If you're going to upgrade your phone every two years anyway, why fork over the mega-bucks for a phone that may or may not work as well as the LG G2.

This is my fourth android smartphone and by far the most impressive. With each upgrade(HTC incredible to droid charge to nexus 4 to g2), each phone had a frustrating issue. 2.3 phones were laggy and had low-res screens. The nexus 4 had frustrating battery life and a weak camera. This phone truly delivers on all fronts. On a typical day I wake up at 6 am and have my phone off the charger all day until midnight. On max brightness, and with about 4 hours of screen on time, I will be left with 25% battery. The camera easily makes the top 5 smartphone camera list, with true to life colors and good low light performance. One negative is LG's software, which I found to be ugly and almost laggy. This is no longer an issue as I am running cyanogen mod 11 ;). Overall a great phone, would recommend to anyone looking for the perfect android experience

This is supposed to be a flagship phone from LG, but while it's a solid phone, it's not a great phone.Pros:+Excellent battery life (I can go several days without charging)+Bright, sharp screen+Good sound/call quality+Comes with GSM SIM unlocked so you can pop in a SIM for AT&T;, T-Mobile, or any GSM carrier worldwide, and it works!Cons:-Disappointing camera; shots just don't look good no matter what the lighting conditions are; they look like they were taken with a cheap digital camera from 10 years ago-Comes loaded with the usual LG & Verizon bloatware, some of which can't even be disabled-Still hasn't updated to KitKat, although it's supposed to be coming-Awkward back button-Knock-on feature is inconsistent-Requires a micro-SIM, which can be more expensive-The back cover is very slippery; it's almost slid out of my hands. Be sure to buy a rubberized cover, like the TUDIA Ultra Slim Melody Series TPU Protective Case for LG G2All in all, a good phone, but I wish the Nexus 5 worked on Verizon

Incredibly powerful phone with a beautiful 1080p display. I think my biggest surprise is the battery life. I can easily go a full day of fairly heavy use and still have plenty of juice left in the tank. Pushed to the limit you cancan squeeze about 5 to 6 hours of on screen time which was double my previous phone the Galaxy Note I I.  button placement on the rear of the phone does take some adjustment but within a few days it felt natural.

Is anyone else having GPS issues?  I just got my G2 on Tuesday and the GPS does not lock on at all.After a factory reset and 20 minutes on with tech support it continues to not work.  Getting a new G2 sent out and I will be updating my review.  I get frustrated when the &#34;worry-free&#34; period to exchange a phone is not renewed with a defective one, this seems to be a trend with Verizon.  I went through 3 defective Droid Razrs before switching to an operational HTC rezound.Back to the G2, it is solid other than this GPS issue, but that is one of the 5 main reasons I use my phone (multimedia, calling, texting, music) so if that is not there then it defeats the purpose of having the latest and greatest.

The phone itself is great and no complains.But there are less choice for cases especially for Verizon version.Verizon version is slightly thicker and G2 cases for other carrier or international version does not fit.I bought this for my wife and my wife eager to colorful cases but ended up with black quickwindow case....Except the case choice, overall she is very happy with display, sound and camera qualities.Pretty impressive.

Really love almost everything about the phone EXCEPT for major one thing: inconsistent call quality. On the majority of my calls, it sounds as if the voice on the other end comes across garbled/digitized, and on some calls there it's almost as if there's a lot of interference and breaking up, though my callers tell me they can hear me fine. Apparently, Verizon has acknowledged this as an issue, according to a reps I spoke with who told me it is under investigation. I've already exchanged the phone once, and the 2nd phone has the same issue. Let's hope it's just a software/tower/network issue with an easy fix via future update, because there's lot's to like on this phone. Aside from the call quality, other possible negatives include: fair amount of bloatware, lack of a radio on the Verizon version, odd power/volume button placement, and decent but not great speaker. Positives: screen (both size and colors are superb), speed/responsiveness/performance, ergonomics, incredible battery life.

LG G2, Black (Verizon Wireless)I don't do reviews but I could not resist. This is by far the best phone! I didn't know LG was the good! Just buy it!

There are multiple people who, if they do have one complaint about the cell phone, are addressing its interface.  I suspect THE principle reason for this is the causosal screen transition. When you go from one screen to another, the phone on its default settings swings around the far left corner. This is something that makes the whole interface feel different, but its also something that is quite easy to change.  Once you are at the phones settings menu, click on the three lined settings tab (in your bottom display/menu icons). An option will come up to change view type. Change the view to tab view if its not already on it.  Once this is done, go to display tab at the top of the new settings menu. In the display tab, you will see transitions.  There you can change this to resemble the regular android transition. You can even test them out before applying them.Other than this, the interface is excellent The setting menus and options are very strait forward and very similar to samsung. While I do think LG could make the light blue volume adjustment/screen adjustment animation brighter (adding a glow effect to it,its not by any means bad. The sofware on this phone is also extremly easy to use.Key features on why phone is better than Galaxy s4:1.  The screen -- The screen is amazing.  But there is one point I think a lot of people miss or don't know about. Have you ever walked into a best buy or a verizon wireless store and looked at an S3, thats suffered from screen burn?  If not go ahead and head on over to Youtube and take a look searching: "Amoled screen burn." Or even "galaxy s4 screen burn"  The technology that samsung and Motorola are using for their phones over the last few years is AMOLED display. Dont get me wrong, it looks great. Excellent colors, great for multimedia purposes, etc. But my problem is that after several months ALL AMOLED displays will get a burn in.  It usually happens with items that are stagnant on the screen for hours on end....like that nice black bar at the top of the phone. This black bar may be transparent on the s4 with the newest version of touch wiz, but open up any app and unless your using next browswer there it is.Try this: Anyone who has a galaxy phone or any phone thats an AMOLED display try downloading "screen burn in tool" app on google play.  Turn up your screen brightness to around 60-90%. Open the application and go to the the sold blue screen. On the top where the notification bar is, you may very likely notice a nice bar where the status bar usually is.  This happens on ALL amoled displays after several weeks or months depending on brightness adjustments etc so its a totally normal thing and okay, right?  Wrong!  I dont care if a tablet or screen can fold on itself, or pops out of some scroling machine. Its unacceptable for screen burn to occur just from leaving something on the screen for too long.  Ive read horror stories on this. But not just read seen. My mother owns a galaxy nexus. Shes had it since May 2013. I downloaded the screen burn ap from the app store and sure enough, right on the top of the screen was a darker area where the status bar is. In the worst case scenerios, people will end up with ghosted icons showing while there web browsing on white pages. Like the icons of the app drawer (the white box to access all the apps from the menue screen. I downloaded next browswer and go launcher prevent this. But guess what I didnt have?:  PEACE OF MIND!Guess what the LG G2 brings me? PEACE OF MIND!  Its a pure BEAUTIFUL LCD display.  Ive compared the phones side by side.  It looks just as pleasing to the eye as the galaxy s4....and you will never have to worry about burn in. LCD is a proven technology that's been around for years but with this particular on, that same punchy contrast that AMOLED displays have. You really cant tell much of a difference. I've compared them side by side. Both look amazing. Both look incredibly sharp. One is a proven technology that's been around for decades, the other for a few years.Camera: Dont get me wrong: The galaxy s4 has an amazing camera. Especially outdoors, I've taken some great shots. But this beats it when it comes to contrast.  Its slightly higher and just plain better. And you STILL have the speak to shoot modes like the S4 does  say cheese or LG or a number of other commands while in camera mode: Boom. Picture snapped.  It's that easy. Tons of options.  Once you get this phone you will be able to see for yourself. My hope for LG is that they will continue here on out with camera improvements.  One of the key features that many have loved about the iphones are their ability to capture good quality photos. Cell phones have in these times become one of the most popular means to take photos and videos. Why carry around a camera and a phone when the phone can be both?  This is why I hope that LG can continue to improve in this area. This phone demonstrates that they have the ability to do really well at it and even surpass samsungs flagship phone.  But my thought is: Why not bring something even more new to the phone market...that daring risk of a bigger lens and a bigger sensor. Up to this point all the cameras Ive seen on cell phones have been tiny. Even the s4. It looks big, but its actually tiny.  If their lense was as big as the glass part on that phone was imagine how great the images would look especially for motion blur in the evening hours...It would also prevent higher ISO levels on cloudy days.The tap to turn off screen feature: Love it! Ive played around with it quite a bit. Like the reviewer with the other video, I have also found that three quick taps instead of two works better.  I havent yet had any issue with three. It's a really handy feature to have.  No fussing around with any buttons or anything.Back button:  MY one and Only complaint with this phone is the back button. And not because I dont like the location on the back. I really like that actually. And Ive never had a problem with it getting bumped. But why LG, did you put the volume up button right next to the camera lens? On ATT this is at least acceptable because it raises the camera lens from being on a flat surface...but the volume up is right under the lens.  So you reach to turn it up and you have to be cautious. Not the biggest thing in the world, but an improvement could be make here to keep those buttons horizontal or away from the lens itself. Have the middle budge a bit as it does on the ATT version, but keep the volume buttons sideways...or lower down and a bit away from the power.  Doest bother me that these things are on the back, especially with the tapping to turn on or off feature, but keep my lens away from my finger prints.Battery. Good luck finding another phone with this large of a display that can contend with this one. They have reported that this phone can stay in standby 29 days! 29 days!!!  In regular use for most people its about 1 1/2-2 days off standby and in regular use.  Its one of the highest out there...and that's despite all the eye candy that the interface has to offer.  Which brings me to my next point:Interface: Ive already touched on this in the intro. But I would just like to add that I have never seen a phone where the unlock screen twists or magnifies the whole screen while unlocking. Its just as good if not better than samsungs swipe to unlock animations.  It just looks amazing. Try them out.  The other last thing I will add about interface is that you can have multiple home screen transitions other than the "regular one" mentioned.  Again there default one is causosal, which I am not the biggest fan of.  But just look through them: Accordian and many others are on there much like the well beloved google ap, golaucher has on it and nothing with the interface causes the phone to slow down. Ill say that again: There is a ton of eye candy on this device.  transition effects, swipe to unlock effects etc.  None of this slows down this phone due to its processors.Menu Adjustments: I love this part. Love it!  Like Go Launcher, LG has incorporated an easier way than samsung to add apps.  Just hold down your finger  on any blank area of the home screen for 2-3 seconds.  It comes up with three tabs1. APPS2. WIDGETS3. WALLPAPERSo easy. Just go to the apps tab and click on all the apps you want to add them to your home screen. If anything this makes things extremly simple. I think what it comes down to is that people are used to something and change is sometimes hard.  Everyone is used to, and has based their android experience in recent times on samsungs touchwiz. This feautre cant be found on touch wiz and isnt complicated.  Its just new. And better than having to add things from inside the app menu screen as you do on most android devices.Multitasking:  By multitasking, I am referring to the equivalent of seeing multiple things on the screen at once.  I have no complaints. I really like samsungs incorporation of the multiscreen. This phone allows you to do the same, while at the same time allowing more than two, and allowing them to be adjusted in transparency. You could have a wrtten note in teh forground, and still see the web behind it. It also feels layered like multiple windows being opened as it would in windows 7. I like the fact that you can make windows as big or as small as you want, and can drag them around the screen. Nice feature....speaking of drag...Did you know that you can resize widgets?  Add the google search bar and dont want it to take up 2/3 the screen.  Not a problem. Just hold down the widget and resize it.Feel: I love the feel of the iphone 5  It fits right on the palm of the hand. If I had to pick a phone for feel, it would still be that one. I will freely admit, this IS a big phone.  But surprisingly, even with the extra .2 inches, it feels the same as the s4, which to me felt similar to the s3..and I never had an issue with any of those phone in feel or comfort in pocket. Plus the trade off from that small i phone 5 is the amazing display: Movies and internet browsing are that much more enjoyable.  its really not that bad. Its not a megaphone and shouldnt be labled as one with some of the monsters like the note 2 or 3.  It can still fit it comfortably in your pocket and feel like a phone vs a phablet.  You can grip it with one hand and still hold it comfortably.Random likes:  I like the fact that the phone has a way to turn adjust the bottom menu buttons on the home screen. Ive never seen anything like this before. It's innovative.  You can make it so the display menu buttons on the bottom of the screen is black or white. You can also adjust what they show. Little things like a button that allows you to bring down the notification panel without having to drag it down. No its not needed.  but it allows the user flexibilty. Ive seen some reviews saying that the ability to have multiple options is actually confusing.  Its not. Its really not. The phone is basic out of the box. The one thing that I could see being a bit complexing for those familiar with standard android and touchwiz interface is the screen transition.  LG wanted to be uniqu in this regard.  And I dont think carousal is bad per say....but most people are familiar with regular transitions...which again isnt that hard to change once you know how to do it.If there was three singular conclusions I would use to argue why one should purchase this phone over the Galaxy s4 its:1. Battery life -- It may not be removable but who care when you can get multiple days on it. If your in the car on a 15 hour trip most will likely have a car charger anyways. and it can easily get you through a whole day of use with enough to spare.2. Camera -- the pictures speak for themselves. They have less grey area and look less washed out then the galaxy s4...which already look amazing for a camera phone.3. NO SCREEN BURN RISKS!  To me, that is the singular biggest reason to go with this phone over the s4)  I apologize to you Samsung. I really like your products. You make great stuff....but until you can bring to the market phones that no longer have screen burn in issues after several weeks of months of use, I will avoid all of your phone, even if you come out with screens that can bend.  What good is a bending screen if stagnant icons can get burned into them or the clock on the screen can get burned into it over time?Again anyone who wishes to see this only need type in youtube: "Galaxy s4 screen burn in" or Galaxy screen burn. A lot of them cant be fixed. They are permanent.  If you own a galaxy and have had it for several months, try downloading the ap "screen burn-in tool" off google play. First turn brightness up to 50-60% and then open this ap. Tap until you reach the blue screen and look at the top near the notification bar.  I didnt have it on my s4, but then I only kept it for a few weeks before selling it. May have taken a while to happen, especially with the care I took with it to ensure it was never set with brightness past half way, and had downloaded go launcher to keep that notifcation bar off the home screen. I also downloaded next browswer which had the option to turn it off the statue bar while web browsing. But after two seeks, I had had enough.  Its like owning a plasma tv.  Id rather play it safe and go with this one.  Especially with the long battery life and good camera, there is piece of mind, without compromise to the camera or screen...You do sacrfice having a removable battery..but again, you a ton more hours with this one....If your on a really long trip I could understand wanting removeable.  But with car chargers these days the likely hood that you will have it disconected for more than 2 days is unlikely. This is one of the best phone on planet earth right now for the price point.

Got this phone and put a case on it right away. The phone has the fastest processor out there for a mobile phone (Nov 2013). It is fast, 2gb of memory and it has an amazing screen. People complain about the skin on this phone but it really is not that bad. A lot of things on it keep me from rooting it and throwing a custom rom on it. Example is when you get a text, a little pop up in the top left lets you read it and even respond without stoping what you are doing. Very cool. Love this phone and the screen.

I feel in love with this phone when I got it. The new has worn off. After two months, I had to return it to my local Verizon store and get a new one due to the knock feature worn out on it and then my kindle app started acting up with it turning pages on it own, lighting went from dim to dimmer while reading and the font go real small to very large on it own. After these issues the phone system got worse after that. Hopefully my second G2 will work better. Hoping I just had a defective phone. Post a updated review in the coming months with the second G2.Pros:Great battery (last me two day with heavy use)Very clear videosNice preloaded wallpaper, fonts and colorsGreat answering featureExcellent storageGreat Preloaded AppsConsKnocking feature wears out fastCall volume could be better when using the speakerSending pics by text is horrible if you live in rural areasNot a great selection of phone covers for this phoneVolume and power buttons needs a better locationCan not remove the battery (no removable back cover)Can't upload more storage chip

Buy an LG G2 model D805 in USA last year and now I am using it in Latin America. LG has not fulfilled its promise to its customers to upgrade the version of Android 4.4.2 Kitkat. I am in Colombia and still nothing. LG has seriously hope in what it offers and promises its customers. Should also implement several enhancements to functions that do not operate well as virtual buttons that clutter on the screen, or the difficulty to change stations on the fm radio it misses the third button of the headset, which among others .... not going to improve?

First this is a great phone. It's fast and has an amazing display. I would highly recommend who wants flagship performance while saving some $$.However, you are far better off purchasing directly from your carrier. If you have to cancel service before 6 months you will have to pay the early termination fee from your carrier AND full price for this phone ($500). I had to cancel service with Verizon three weeks before my six months were up and Amazon charged me $400. They want everything back including the freakin box! Not only that but amazon support is without doubt on the top three worst i have ever had to deal with.You have been warned. Pay a little more and get phones from your carrier -and with this one I'm sure you could get it even cheaper than here.

This phone has exceed my expectations and I bought this phone with very high hopes. It has the 2.2 MHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 processor with 2GB of RAM, which will blow you away with how quick the phone can snap from app to app or from screen to screen. It also features a 5.2 inch screen with 423 ppi(pixels per inch) which will give you beautiful images or amazingly crisp videos. My favorite part of this phone is its 3,000 mAh battery, I love games and play them all the time and this battery keeps me going all day and has a little extra to spare. Last but not least is the 13 megapixel camera that comes with many different features and image stabilization standard to improve your images even more. If you don't want this phone because your unsure of LG, trust me and take a leap of faith this phone has amazing hardware and will impresses anyone. PS. The black version captured a lot of fingerprints that made it look dirty I would go with white if presentation really bothers you.

Very cheaply made product.  I had two front glasses break very fast.  One within days.  The second phone was in a protective case when it broke and it was not even dropped.  This is the only phone I have ever had break. EVER, yet alone two of them in three weeks.  When I received this phone and started using it I felt it was the best phone ever.  The speed and the quality of the image on the screen is incredible.  But if you buy this product and do anything but keep it in the box it came in you will be sorry.

Beautiful screen of a readable size- I can use it on my exerciser- I can easily read ebooks. Quick response, easy to handle. Plenty of memory, not encumbered with lots of junk programs. The volume keys on the back mean I'm not always hitting them by accident. Also true of the on-off key. The volume is good- I can actually hear it without earphones. It's big, a good thing, and holsters are available. I usually recharge overnight, but with my moderate use, could get two days from the battery. I've used it for two months and find it just right!

I've upgraded very year, just coming off the Samsung SIII. Comparatively, the battery is amazing. A full day is easy. With the SIII, I started to get nervous when the battery went below 70% as it was just a matter of time before I was in trouble. The G2 lasts forever. Once a day when I'm idle to top off and I'm good to go with no worries.I really like the buttons on the back, mainly because I hardly use them. I rarely change the volume, it's fine.  The on/offbutton is now replaced with the double tap, which I love. Two taps to turn on and off, perfect.  This phone is functional. Really, all phones are the same. Specs don't matter. It's the user experience. With this phone I can go all day and then some on the battery and the taps to turn on and off are so convenient. It functions fine, just like a phone should.

This phone is fast, sleek, and LG's skining of 4.3 dosent bother me.  This size is great for watching videos.  I love this phone glad i purchazed it from amazon!

This phone is fast and has a great battery life. Screen is bright and vivid. The problem is the call quality as a lot of static for the most part. I had to install sgs screen booster for the touch sensitivity. I had to optimize the touch so it could be smooth. Worked out fine. Other than that its a zippy phone with better battery life than the galaxy note 3. I got a LG bluetooth headset and the static sound is gone through the headset.

great looking phone, best part is the battery i can go without charging for 2 days with moderate used. Screen is clear, but after a few days using it the screen flickers. so ill be return this for a replacement.

Love my g2. Its lightning fast. Charges quick and battery last all day. Camera takes clean crisp pics. Screen is crystal clear. The only con is speaker for listening to music isn't very loud. But overall a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone

We both love our phones. After having had so many smart phones that the batteries don't last at all, this phone lasts all day and then some. We love it! Great screen size not too big just perfect. I love everything about it and so does my husband. This is the first phone we have ever had that we could say that about.

Only thing that can touch it is the s5 or the HTC one M8.  You can't go wrong with the LG G2.

PROS:Right size, right weight/heft, practically no bezel. (Get the white one - it's gorgeous)Blazing fast, NO LAG!, Great personalization options.Q-slide is not bloatware - once you get used to the idea, there's no going back.Beautiful 1080p display - true color unlike the bluish hue in AMOLED displays.The volume and power buttons on the back are genius.Knock on works great!The camera is superb and the battery lasts the entire day with normal use.The voice call quality is crisp. The G2 has a far better radio and speaker than HTCs for example.Cons:Hubristic Verizon messed up LG's correctly designed buttons. Now you need a case like the Incipio Dualpro to accurately use the G2 buttons.

Best phone ive bought to date. Its quick, easy to use and has an amazing screen resolution. Games play great on this device and its big enough to read books comfortably but not too big that you are required to use both hands. The theme chooser was a nice touch as well as being able to theme the keyboard all on the stock rom, allowing you to truly personalize the look of your device without having to root it or dowbload a third party launcher. The back of the device is a fingerprint magnet but a case easily takes care of that, plus there are a lot of cases that are cheap for the g2 as well as slim so the phone doesn't become bulky with the addition. Another feature I enjoy is that it has usb otg which allows me to upgrade my storage with an external device. In all, im loveing this phone.

I scoured the internet for reviews on a camera phone since that was the most important feature to me, a proud father of a 15 month old.  After hours of research, I chose this phone due to the rave reviews found almost everywhere, especially regarding the camera.  The 13 megapixels is one of the highest available and is fantastic in bright light with non-moving objects.  Once you get into low light, however, I would say it is only slightly better than my previous 8 megapixel camera on my Inspire 4g.  Add to that any movement and you get grainy, blurry shots.Pros:Very fast phone.  Barely any noticeable lag when launching or switching between apps.Big, beautiful screen.  Can't really expand on this one.Great reception, even in areas that my wife's iPhone was weak.Great battery life (for a smartphone).  I use it predominantly to make 5-10 phone calls a day, check email, weather, sports, etc. over mobile data and wifi, have the GPS on all the time, and i'm usually no less than 80% by the end of the day.  Charges very quickly too.Cons:Camera is good, but not stellar.  Bright light photos are stellar.  Low light pictures don't appear to be as good as a lot of reviews make them out to be.  There is about a half to one second camera lag, plus it tends to refocus once the shutter button is pressed, which leads to some more camera lag.Knock-on feature works about 2/3 of the time.All in all, I am quite happy with the phone.  I probably wouldn't be as frustrated with the camera if the reviews out there didn't make it sound like the best thing since sliced bread (iPhone 5s camera, at 10 megapixels, is better in my opinion).  If you're looking for a solid phone with very good battery life, blazing fast speed, and a better-than-average camera, this is the one for you.

My first smartphone so I didn't know what to look for but i got a winner, really bright display. I signed a 2 year contract didn't like that but thats not the phones fault.

I just bought this stuff yesterday...what could I say...It's just Amazing!!!Great Camera, Great Display, Great Touch, Great Audio...I think this one is the best Android Phone Ever in 2013!!But it!!you won't regret definitely!

Hands down the best phone I've ever owned.  My previous phone was the GS3 and I was convinced that the new GS4 was the way to go.....until I used the LG G2.PROS:-This phone is ridiculously fast. Seriously....faster than your desktop kind of fast.-The camera is for a lack of a better word, amazing.  OIS is beautiful and there are some very nice features when recording videos. Oh and the camera can actually see better in the dark than you can.-I have to say my favorite feature is a factory-installed app called &#34;quick remote.&#34;  It can be programmed to literally any television, dvd/blue ray player or projector within a few seconds.  Ever been in a restaurant and wanted to change the channel to watch your favorite football team?....well just point, click and voila, you can now witness the Buffalo Bills lose again!-The guest mode feature is great if someone wants to use your phone, especially if you're into that whole sexting thing.-Only phone that is designed without those annoying side buttons.-The double-tap to turn on/off feature is clutch.-The display is beyond vibrant and crisp. mmmm....cookie crisps.-Sound/playback quality puts the GS4 to shame.-One-handed gestures makes operating the phone much easier to use for those of us born without Shaq-like hands.-Pretty sure I've only charged the battery once in the last two months....-Your iphone-user friends start to cry when you show this to them.CONS:-The rear buttons take a little while to get used to.-The KnockON feature only works 98.34% of the time.-Your iphone-user friends no longer like you and they are unable to come up with witty hipster remarks.

Had my G2 for a month now. Likes speed, screen size and picture clarity, easy to work with once you get through all the bloatware. It's subjective but I like the button placement. Cameras are good and easy to use.Dislikes too much extra software. (bloatware). double tap start only works about half the time.I know a couple of people with S4s and they like them but everyone seems to be impressed with the picture on the G2.For me price was the deciding factor ($7.49 on an Amazon special) and I'm happy with my choice

This is my first smartphone, so it's taking some getting used to.  I'm still trying to figure things out.  I love the talk to text & the work recognition is great.  The camera takes great pictures, it's just learning what's what with it.  The battery life is great, which is one of the reasons I chose this over the Samsung 4.  At the end of the day, I still have plenty of life in mine, while my daughter, who has the Samsung, is always looking for a place to recharge, especially after using the camera a lot.  I have a lot to learn, but so far, so good

Large crystal clear screenVery tactile screen, even with an Otterbox Defender screen protectorMuch faster than my 1st edition Nexus 7 and 10I'm much happier switching to Verizon from AT&T;, but it might be the better phone with the LG G2I love the buttons on the back with no other buttons to contend withCamera is great with superb app supportCan't beat the zero price

I replaced a Samsung Galaxy Nexus with this phone. It is super-fast and can be rooted, unlocked and custom ROMs can be installed with some work. (Yes doing all of that will void your warranty) But I like to customize things&#8230; I am running Cyanogenmod 11 KITKAT on it.

This phone is awesome! Prior to purchasing this phone from Amazon, I had a iphone 4 running ios7, Apple destroyed that phone so I had to move on. After doing extensive research, reading reviews, I got it down to this phone and the Note 3. I opted for the G2 and have not regretted a minute so far. Blazing fast, large screen, good speaker sound, and beautiful display. As far as the volume buttons, they seem to be in a natural spot for needing to turn the sound up or down while talking, I have no complaints about the location. I am continuing to learn all the in and outs however I really really liked the texting feature where you don't even lift your finger off the keyboard..freaking awesome. I highly recommend this phone!

I had my Galaxy S3 stolen in Thailand, which was a tremendous drag.  Verizon agreed I could upgrade early (long story there), but with the Galaxy S3 no longer available, the upgrade to the S4 would cost $250.  Based on the store manager's recommendation, I opted for this (only $99 with rebate, plus an upgrade fee and tax etc).  I should say I absolutely loved my Galaxy S3 and would have been delighted to keep it for a couple of years.  I've had the LG G2 now for over a month, and these are my thoughts:1 - Great display.  Pictures taken with my high end digital SLR and sent as JPGs to my email, opened on the phone look fantastic.  The display "demo" loaded on the phone shows how beautiful the high def display is when the input is high def.2 - Handy size and weight, very slim and elegant looking, if slightly heavier than the Galaxy, because...3 - Battery must be bigger, since the phone will last a day and a half or 2 days on a single charge (even if you're using it - how about that??)4 - Functionality is typical of Android, very user friendly.5 - Call quality is excellent6 - Speaker is fine despite complaints from others7 - Oddly, the Voicemail button doesn't work right, insisting I disable wifi to "subscribe" to Visual Voice Mail (which I'm not doing).  My workaround was to put my own cell # from my Contacts as a widget on the screen - very easy to do, even for me8 - the screens only go in one direction, unlike the Galaxy, which has a better setup with an infinite circle of the several screens9 - the build feels a bit cheap, with a slightly plastic feel (Galaxy was also plastic, but felt a little more stable)10 - the back is very glossy and a fingerprint magnet, but I have a very thin case which takes care of thatOverall, this is an excellent smartphone with good functionality, a fast processor and gorgeous display, with great battery life.  I loved my Galaxy, but this is nearly as good in some ways and a bit better in other ways.  Tie?UPDATE: 3 features I didn't mention: (A) the back buttons, (B) the double tap on/sleep for the screen, and (C) the ability to swipe an app to the side and open another (limit 3 open). So, (A) I was often frustrated when handing my Galaxy to someone to view a picture, and because the buttons were on the side, your friend would inevitably touch one or more of them, and you'd end up with changed volume or your ringer off (or back on) without knowing it, or worse (the powering down window would pop up). Upside: the buttons on the back prevent all of that.  Downside: they really take some getting used to, even though your index finger does in fact naturally fall in that place, it takes a while to know, by touch, which button you're touching (volume up, volume down, or the power button in the middle).  As for (B), you can use the power button on back to put the screen to sleep or wake it up, but the double tap is handy, if a bit finicky and inconsistent - occasionally you double tap the screen and nothing happens, sometimes you need to do it twice or change the position of your tap, but it works most of the time.  For (C), the first time I tried this, after doing the 3 finger swipe to shelve the app, and opening the new app, the functionality of the second app was impaired, though I didn't have this trouble the next time I used it - and this is a helpful feature (especially when using your smartphone as a remote for TV, receiver, and cable box) so I'm hoping my luck holds out.

I cant complain. always responsive, I have downloaded twice as many apps as my old phone and still have room for more.only thing that doesn't always work is the &#34;Knock on/off&#34; feature but thats not a big deal to me

Pros:Fast, no lag at allSlim, not razor thin but not a brick eitherBattery, easily last a day with heavy use and 2 with light to mediumButtons, natural for me took a day to get used toScreen, amazing color/crisp/sharpSize, as big as you can get without making it a phabletCamera, OIS really does make a differenceHeadphone jack, IT'S ON THE BOTTOM!!!Cons:Knock on, doesn't work all the time sometimes needs to be taped 4+timesThis phone really does leave the GS4 and One in the dust (Speakers & design wise the One is still better imo).  This should be expected though with a phone running more advanced hardware.  Overall I couldn't be happier and feel that my $600 (yes I bought off contract) was well worth it.  This phone easily will get you through a full day of use (I'm on Verizon btw) if not more.  I check my phone all the time, constantly stream music/video, and have yet to drop the battery below 40% in a day.  Not sure if this is new to smartphones but this thing charges incredibly quickly too.  From dead to full charge is probably in the 90 minute range, something I really like.Only reason I wouldn't recommend this phone is if you have small hands...

I CHOOSE THE LG G2 BECAUSE I HAVE NEVER USED A CONTRACT PHONE BEFORE AND I WANTED THE LG G2 TO BE THE FIRST.I CHOOSE THIS RATING BECAUSE IT DO EVERYTHING I WANT IT TO AND MORE. I LOVE IT.

Wow, this is the best phone I have ever owned. Fast, Bright Screen, Great Bluetooth range, Easy setup, etc. Plus I really like the one finger operation.

The screen looks very sharp and smooth. But the software part is a big issue.G2 is the only Android phone that I used doesn't provide any software for user to transfer contents from other smart phone platform.It's very hard for me to transfer my contents from Iphone to G2.At the same time, my family have HTC One and Samsung Galaxy S4, both of them provide tools for us to transfer everything from our old IPhone 4/4S to it.The most weird thing is that G2 will display MP3's Chinese artist/title/album as Korean,It's been confirmed by LG Mobile support team that G2 can't handler that correctly.California law requires hands free call while driving,IPhone, HTC One and Samsung Galaxy S4 work perfectly with my car's bluetooth.But LG G2 works on the basic function only, it's really dumb while someone calls you, there are two rings got playing, the car ring in regular and the phone ring in a different ring tone that I set.IPHone, HTC One and Galaxy S4 won't ring, only the car ring with the ring tone that I set on the phone if someone calls me while driving.The Google Now function of LG G2 won't work with bluetooth, it's another unsafe feature that LG has.You have to use G2 to trigger the music play through bluetooth, which is not safe while driving, you have to unlock the phone first, find the music app, select music then play, what a long time while driving.IPhone, HTC One and Galaxy S4 allowed me to initialize the music playing easily without even touch the phone while driving.

I looked at a lot of reviews and professional write-ups.  This phone was rated #1 overall in the pro reviews.  Good enough for me.  The size is larger than most but not as big as the Note; a good size for texting and looking at photos. Takes great pictures, by the way.  As this is my first smart phone I am still learning what all it does and how to use it.  Yes, I recommend this phone to anyone.

Top features:Snapdragon 800 2.3 ghz microprocessor &#8230; currently the fastest processor in cellphonedom! Blistering speed backed by 2GB of RAM running Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2.  Storage consists of 32GB of internal memory, but NO Micro SD slot.Brilliant 5.2&#8221; 1080p IPS display &#8230; other than the so-called &#8220;phablets&#8221; such as the Galaxy Note, it is the largest screen on a smartphone and it is beautiful.3000 mAh Battery (again, the largest capacity in this size smartphone) I could probably go three days without a charge, but mostly go two to be safe &#8230; I usually have better than 40% remaining after two days of robust use.Solid build &#8230; the battery is not removable, so the back doesn&#8217;t come off.  Is this good or bad? Well I&#8217;ve had no issue with it so far and the phone is super thin, sharp looking and has a very solid feel to it.Knock on, Knock off &#8211; I love it! &#8230; even though it occasionally  requires two or three tries, it&#8217;s cool, fun and quick.  The Knock off feature works on any home screen but not from an app screen.The controversial rear buttons are what allows this phone to be nearly all display, having no side or front buttons and virtually no bezel.  Some reviewers don&#8217;t like them.  I can&#8217;t say that in my previous phone that the side buttons were easy to use.  I was always fidgeting to find up or down volume, half the time getting it wrong on the first press.  And the on/off button was at times difficult to find and press through the rubberized case, but the button was available when the phone was on its back or in a phone mount.  When the G2 is in a bike mount running a sports tracker app and you want to turn the display off to save battery, there is an extra tap to go home and Knock off and an extra tap after Knocking back on to bring the app screen up.  But when using an app with the phone in my hand (like a golf gps range finder), I find the rear on/off button easily to turn the display off &#8230; then I can either Knock on or again press the on/off button and the app is right there.  This is actually easier when using a protective case (I have the Diztronic TPC) because there is a cutout for the buttons and camera which helps your finger find the buttons.  Another minor plus is that the buttons are centered on the back of the phone, making them equally intuitive for right or left handed use.  Cases for phones with side buttons have little &#8220;bumps&#8221; where you have to press the case which presses the button &#8230; difficult to find &#8230; difficult to press!  So IMHO the only advantage the side button phones have over the G2&#8217;s rear buttons is two less taps in an off to on cycle when the phone is on its back &#8230; not so much considering difficulties with side button phones when used with cases.  Still, some people may find the rear buttons hard to get used to.Other features:Speaker &#8230; The G2 (Verizon version) has a single speaker &#8230; not the best for listening to music, but most people use headphones or ear buds for that.  Certainly adequate for voice and calls.The front Camera is a 13 megapixel optically stabilized multi-point auto-focus device that produces excellent still pictures and also shoots full HD 1080p videos.  The &#8220;rear&#8221; camera (screenside) is 2 megapixels and does great for those &#8220;selfies&#8221;.Basic communication functions:  The Phone, 4g LTE Data, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, Wi-Fi, Sync, Vibration, etc. all work as they should.  A unique feature on the &#8220;pull down&#8221; menu called Wireless Storage which is an onboard NFC (Near Field Communication)lets you connect wirelessly to your PC simply by entering the G2&#8217;s IP address in your PC Browser address bar &#8230; super easy way to quickly transfer any type of files to or from the G2.  (FYI &#8230; apps are available to do the same thing, but most don&#8217;t work well, and have pesky ads or offers to upgrade to a pay version)The lack of a Micro SD Card slot should not be an issue.  32GB is a lot of storage, especially considering many ample free cloud storage facilities available.In summary I think the LG G2 delivers &#8220;State of The Art&#8221; performance and features not matched by many of the other &#8220;High end&#8221; Smartphones available at this writing.  The blazingly fast Snapdragon 800 processor, the large stunningly sharp and bright IPS display and the amazing all-day-and-then-some battery life round out a hallowed trinity of performance, appearance and stamina which make the G2 a pleasure to own and use.

This is the best phone I've ever had. Battery life is amazing. I work 12 hr days and use my phone a decent amount and I still have like 30 percent battery life after work. Picture quality is second to none. Pictures are like you were there. Internet speed is fast and you can sync all your emails to your phone so you can get updates evreytime you get an email. Phone is light weight and no overly hard to figure out for people that aren't the most tech savvy like me. I recommend this to anyone that can get it for 100 bucks or less.

I did extensive research before making a decision. It was a toss up between the GS4 and the G2. I'm glad I decided on the G2. The features are extensive, the screen is amazing, the speed of the processors are superb, and the battery life is unmatched. Can't go wrong with the G2.

The G2 is a big step up from my old Droid Razr. The battery life is amazing, the sound quality is great, and I'm loving the big screen. I like the layout of the UI, I don't think I'm going to root this phone for a while because I don't see a need to. The processor speed is very nice, I have yet to get frustrated waiting for webpages to load. The only thing I don't like are the LG docks that go with the phone. They are not very good at all. If you are looking to get a car dock for this phone, do not get the LG dock.

This phone is great, but sadly LG's overlay ruins it. This could be fixed with a simple Root/ROM so that's not an issue. Otherwise, the phone is amazing.

Wife just got a HTC One, and it is nice but didn't have the vibe i was looking for. Look and feel are important to me as well as specs and features. After debating between using an upgrade for the G2 and getting it for $99 on amazon or waiting for a Nexus 5 I went with the G2. I wanted a Note 3 until i used a friends. Meh, just a big screen and she already had issues and had to send it back.I root and ROM my devices because they always lack the feel I want. The G2 amazed me after a few days because I can't get over how much tiny tweaks there are to theme and customize it to the feel i want without voiding the warranty by rooting it. By far the best stock UI i have ever seen also. Blows away Samsungs beat old system. I wanted another Samsung until I realized that the reason i always root and rom is that samsung just doesn't make a good UI for my taste.Specs-wise this phone has got them all. Its as fast and beautiful as any top shelf device should be, but its polished. I just can't get over how well everything flows. No bugs or glitches. No app hangups or stutters. Its flawless after 5 days without a reboot. The verizon buttons are strange at first, but honestly i hardly use them for anything anyway.If you are like me and want a phone that can hold up to the demands of heavy daily use, hold a solid charge for 15 hours of abuse and do it gracefully then there is no other choice at this time. My screen is always on in my cubicle and i have 20-30% left after 14 hrs. Thats insane for a phone as slim as a razr with a full HD screen and LTE. This phone is untouchable by any other device. I was nervous because i never had an LG phone but I'll besticking with these guys for a long while i think.

I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy Nexus (Verizon) and am a self-admitted Samsung brand loyalist. For years I stuck to their products but I could not gaze away from the LG G2. I love Android and am a stock purist, but even so I still went and picked up this beauty. The specs speak for themselves through buttery smooth swiping of widget-heavy home screens, stutter-free scrolling on websites, and lightning quick response on the camera app. It handles .mkv HD videos with ease and the brilliant screen is almost surreal -- a pure joy to look at.None of that matters when you can't walk too far away from your charger; most standard phone batteries simply won't afford you the time. Rejoice! For that is not the case here. This phone packs a 3000mAh battery that lasts and lasts. A full day of watching bright screen videos, listening to music, playing silly games, and browsing all the cat blogs you could want.If there's anything to post in the negative column then it would be the lack of packed-in headphones and the lack of a removable battery; although the latter feels like a moot point because it provides a day or two of use on a single charge.

This is the best phone I have ever used and I've had plenty. Came from a samsung note 2 to this. The samsung is nice but after using it for about 6 months, it was just too big for me. This phone is fast and by fast, I mean FAST. Never lags, battery is one of the best in the industry and 32gb of storage standard is great. Great development community and all the little bells and whistles in this phone are just amazing. This phone will easily last 2-3 years which is a lifetime in the smartphone world.

This phone has great specs, the battery lasts longer than most  other phones, it is blazing fast, it has great sound quality when one wears headphones to listen to music, and it works great on the Verizon network in our rural area.Quibbles:Despite the large screen, the viewing area is the same size if not smaller than the S4. This is a result of the use of the on-screen soft keys, which take up screen space and only disappear when watching videos. LG needs to fix this. Yes, you can root and install a program that will autohide the soft keys, but LG customers shouldn't have to do this.The camera, despite being 13 mega pixels, is middling to mediocre at best, especially when compared to Nokia's phones. Low-light performance is crummy despite the OIS. This is a major disappointment for me because I use my phone a lot for taking photos.Despite these reservations, I really enjoy this phone and highly recommend it.

DO NOT BUY. This phone was great for 3 months, then came the Kitkat update. After the OS upgrade this phone became a hassle to use daily. 80%+ of my apps stopped opening or force closed. The battery life dropped off significantly. The app store stopped working. I have factory restored this phone 3 times and the problems consistently return. The last straw came in the past month when the top quarter of the screen stopped working (ie does not respond to touch). There is no physical damage to the phone, nor has there been any water damage. Google LG G2 Kitkat issues and you will see numerous people complaining about similar issues. I am very disappointed that Amazon has taken no responsibility regarding this issue.Contact Amazon, they point you to LG. LG points you to Verizon. Verizon points you back to Amazon. Amazon: Take responsibility for the products you sell. I was sold a lemon, I should get a full refund. You can then deal with getting a manufacturer reimbursement from LG for their obviously defective product.

This phone is great. Super fast and beautiful display. Easy to customize to your personal tastes. Buttons on the back don't bother me one bit. Would definitely buy again....Love It!!!!

I purchased this phone and had it for two weeks before returning it for a Moto X, which I love. Here is why I returned it:1. The knock on feature hardly ever worked. This is a big deal to me especially since it was one of the big features they advertise for the phone2. When I flipped the phone horizontal or vertical often the screen would not flip or it was severely delayed.3. Call quality was really poor. I have never had a phone that the calls were so choppy on.The positive of the phone were:1. Battery Life. It lasted about a day and half with moderate use. If you are a heavy user, you will only get a day out of it probably. But then again, if you don't get two days out of a phone, as long as it gets you one day, that is all that matters in my opinion.2. GREAT GREAT GREAT camera.3. Beautiful displayUnfortunately, those positives didn't mean much to me with the negatives I listed. Plus (and this is personal preference), the phone is gigantic and I just couldn't get used to it. I exchanged it for a Moto X. Amazon was awesome about doing the exchange with no hassles at all. I have bought at least 4 phones through Amazon and will continue to do so. I love he Moto X. The battery doesn't last as long, but I still get a full day out of it with at least 25% battery left at the end of the day.

I bought this phone to replace my iphone. The guy at Verizon said it was SO much better than Iphone.I hate this phone so much, it's hard to know where to start.I've had it for 6 months now, and it's given me nothing but trouble.The knock-on feature stopped working pretty quickly. I'm also lucky if I can get the screen to turn on with the power button.I get a lot of crazy &#34;phantom swipes&#34;, where the screen just goes nuts, as if i were clicking all sorts of things. Lately, the top of my LCD isn't working at all. When I make calls, the screen wont turn on, so I can't press any buttons...or even hang up. The camera often stops working for no reason.DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.

THIS IS THE BEST PHONE IN THE WORLD, BETTER THAN SAMSUNG AND WAYYYYYYY BETTER THAN IPHONE, JUST GET IT YOU WON'T REGRET IT, TRUST ME!

I absolutely love this phone. I came from an iPhone 5 and I dont miss it one bit! If you have the chance to pick up this phone, do it will prices are down!

This is a great phone at an amazing price. This is the second phone I've ordered off of Amazon and I wouldn't buy a phone anywhere else. The phone arrived after only two days of placing the order in great condition and activation was clear and simple.

The device is not perfect and I really did try see it as such because a lot of advantages in it.At work I examine many mobile devices and the G2 in my opinion has the best Android interface. The only reason the device does not receive a perfect score is because it is not perfect in your hand! the device is too big and i dont have small hands.I do not like iPhone, but Steve Jobs knew what he was doing when he decided that the width of the mobile device will be arround 58 millimeters.I hope LG will realize that a lot of consumers wants a device similar to the G2 but with a maximal width of 62 mm and a 4.5-inch screen. If LG will understand and produce such a device, I will run to stand in line to buy it !!

I love the phone.  I've been an LG consumer for many years now, and this is clearly their best.  I don't mind that it doesn't have an extra storage drive, and I don't mind the volume and power buttons on the back of the phone dispite what a lot of people have said.  The screen is clear, the phone is super thin and slips into my smallest handbag with ease.  I don't get as much battery power out of it as it is rated, but it could be that I haven't really mastered managing the running apps/widgets to maximize battery life.  The charger is a super charger, so be prepared to travel with this one wherever you go, it won't work on my previous chargers.  It will work on my travel charger, but it's a slow charge which is fine with me.

I replaced my Galaxy 3 because it was time. I read a reviewer's complaint about the LG G2 buttons in the rear as a drawback. I purchased a Beyond Cell case to protect the unit. My replaced Galaxy 3 has the standard buttons - one for power and two for volume control - where all three buttons were on the edge. Too many times I inherently charged the volume setting  or turned off the screen. The rear placement of the buttons required all of four or five attempts to get it right. Keep in mind i have the Beyond Cell protector which covers the rear buttons with a textured button overlay that makes mistakes impossible A smooth feel for the power button and a course feel for the volume buttons. I have never made  a mistake since the first trials. The rear placement is the best placement for the buttons. No more accidents. I also decided after trying all the current units in my pockets and hands that 5.2&#34; to 5.4&#34; is the ideal size for portability and comfort in my hands. Considering that no other screen's quality came close and considering I get two or three days use before recharging the lg g2 was the best decision meeting all my requirements. As an aside my iPhone 5 friends are envious of the scene quality. Very highly recommended..

Great phone, with unbelievable screen.  Very fast in everything without any screen lag.  I would highly recommend this one without any hesitation.

first non iphone smart phone and i love its size and speed of the os.  with its 32gb storage no need for any more very crisp display.  long lasting battery

I bought this phone last October, 2013 from Verizon and is very happy with it despite its initial problems with call quality. It used to have crackling, squeeling and popping noises when using the phones and it got so bad that i used talkatone to make calls since I was able to get unlimited data. Despite this problem, I was very happy with it because everything was excellent. The screen was larger, clearer and sharper than what I expected. I came from Droid Incredible and that phone was good but showing its age due to 3g. I also saw some screens from the Verizon store of some of the newer smartphones, Samsung S4, HTC One, Droid Maxx, etc. None of those does not have great battery from the specs and reviews.. I can use this phone for 2 days with 15% left before I charge it at night. This is using this extensively for skyping for 30 minutes, ogoing online for a few hours, phone calls, texting, and etc.The best thing that happened this month was a new update was issued by Verizon and all the problems with call quality was solved. The special feature of this phone was knock knock to turn it on, and this update made it more sensitive and I could turn it on by knock knocking it once. Excellent. A perfect smartphone.

I loved the phone, for the 21 days I had it! The first time it hit the floor, a hardwood floor, not even concrete, and the screen shatters!  It will cost me more to replace the phone via insurance then I paid for it!  Granted it should have been in a protective case and was not, but really.. The first time it fell?!? Cheap quality for something that is supposed to cost over $600 if u buy it off a phone plan!

I am a gadget freak and am especially partial to smartphones. My addiction started with the iPhone 3GS and throughout the years, I've literally tried every phone out there; with the exception of LG phones, until now.I have to give credit to Apple for piquing my interest in smartphone. The 3GS was a nice phone, but I was not aware of the capabilities of Android devices.With Android phones, I've owned everything from Samsung, HTC, Motorola and even Oppo. For some reason LG phones never appeared on my radar.Come 2014 and being a proud owner of a Verizon LG G2, I can say without a doubt, that I have found a phone that satisfies or exceeds my needs.The G2 packs some of the latest hardware like the Snapdragon 800 with Adreno 330 chipset, 2GB RAM, 13MP camera with OIS.This phone flies through every task without a hiccup. Opening apps is instant, gaming is fluid and even making a phone is a pleasure ( excellent voice quality). I usually root my phones to make them faster, but the reason I rooted this phone was to get rid of Verizon's junk! It was fast prior to root, but removing the bloatware saves on battery. The one feature I love the most is the Knockon. With this enabled, all you have to do is simply knock on the screen twice to wake and sleep....so convenient.My initial impressions with the back buttons were negative ,however, with time, I've gotten used to them and because the buttons are on the back, the screen is almost bezel-less.I'll be using this phone for quite awhile until LG releases their G3. Not sure I'll switch since this beast of a phone is all I need at this juncture.

Great screen, great interface, fast, amazing battery life, fantastic camera.So why do I hate this phone so much? Here is why:1. The phone measures 5 3/8 X 2 6/8. The screen occupies most of the phone's surface, at 4 1/2 X  2 1/2. My thumb measures 2 1/8. This means there is no way I can use the entire screen by using one thumb and hold the phone with the rest of my fingers. In other words, this phone requires two thumbs to operate, or one Hulk-sized thumb.2. The fact that the phone is so long means that, to balance it on your palm, you need to have very long fingers that can simultaneously wrap around the center of the phone on the back, and have a thumb fully reach the main buttons on the lowest point of the screen.3. The fact that the screen uses so much of the surface means there is very little leverage to hold on to at the lowest part of the phone without covering an important part of the screen (where the main controls are). In addition, if you try to hold the phone upright just by holding its lower part, it tips over due to its center of gravity being much farther away. I find this a potentially dangerous flaw (e.g. I can't hold up the phone in my one hand and answer a call while driving).4. The phone is wide, right? 2 6/8 inches worth. The full width of my palm is 3 inches. That leaves no room at all for my fingers to wrap around it. And I tried. Really hard.5. The back side of the phone is very sleek. That would have been nice in most circumstances, except when you're struggling to keep the damn thing from slipping and sliding away from your hand. Even if the phone is placed somewhere, say on a tray in the car, there is no traction and the phone goes flying left and right.6. The controls on the back of such an unwieldy beast adds insult to injury. Wanna switch it on/off? Well, you can't sucker. Not unless you grow some big hands.Verdict: if you're a big guy with big hands who drives a big suv, and watches tv on a big screen tv, wears big shoes, and likes all things big, you're in luck. Buy this brick.This one's going back to the store.

I own the LG G2 and it is a replacement for my nearly 2 year old Verizon Galaxy Nexus.  The GNex was my second Nexus device and I was patiently awaiting the release of the Nexus 5, but after finding out it wouldn't come to Verizon (and I cannot switch carriers), I had to choose something else.Coming from a Nexus device, I was used to (and preferred) stock Android.  I have used many phones from other companies and never liked the additional bloat that the custom software did to Android.  Being able to easily root and unlock my Nexus phone so that I could run any ROM or Kernel I wanted was a huge plus to me and it was hard for me to swallow the possibility of not being able to do it (at least not as easily) on a new phone.Initially, I never considered the LG G2 as I thought the buttons on the back were gimmicky, and I did not know anyone with an LG branded phone (I know one person with a Nexus 4, but being a Nexus device trumps being an LG device).  The front runner for me was the HTC One because of its metal body and great reviews.  Others that I highly considered were the Droid Ultra and Maxx (for the better battery life).As great as the HTC One is, I eliminated it as I wanted something with the fastest possible processor, and that meant a Snapdragon 800.  I could not get over the 720p screen of the Droid phones, and since I valued battery life almost above any other spec, I decided on the LG G2, and boy, am I glad I did.In terms of the best features of the phone, the battery life, hands down, is the headline feature here.  Yes, LG does tell you its got a great battery, but they really should triumph this aspect of the phone more.  Motorola is very quick to point out the huge 3500 mAH battery on the Droid Maxx, but this phone is pretty close even though its battery is slightly lower at 3000 mAH.  In my own unscientific rundown test, the phone went from 100% charge down to 7% charge under moderate use in just over 42 hours.  Under heavy use (lots of screen time and games playing), I can easily last a full day of 16 hours.  Coming from a Galaxy Nexus (which admittedly had one of the worst battery times of any recent smartphone), this is a HUGE improvement to me and in my opinion, the single best feature of the G2.You might think that having such a large battery would add to the bulk of this phone and that&#8217;s not true at all.  Long gone are the days of thick and heavy phones.  Even though this phone has the second largest battery of any non phablet phone out there, its surprisingly thin and light weight.  This phone is both thinner and weighs less (5.04 oz according to LG) than my old Galaxy Nexus.A note about charging this phone is that the phone is very particular about which charger you use.  The phone requires a charger that can put out at least 1.8A in order to charge &#8220;normally&#8221;.  Any less than this, and your phone will charge in &#8220;slow charge&#8221; mode, or possibly not even at all.  Most USB chargers out there can only handle up to 1A or 1000mA.  You need to either use the stock charger or one specifically designed for high current devices, otherwise the phone will take a very long time to fully charge.This phone also supports wireless Qi charging right out of the box, which is a feature I haven&#8217;t been able to test (but I plan on it soon).  Until very recently, most phones required that you replace the battery back plate, or insert something inside of the phone to enable wireless charging, but the Verizon version of the G2 supports it natively.  All you need is a Qi charger.  Verizon will sell you an LG branded charger, but its expensive, and if you look online, you can find ones that work just as well, for less.My second favorite feature of the phone is it&#8217;s speed and buttery smooth performance.  The quad-core Snapdragon 800 CPU and Adreno 330 GPU make for an amazing smartphone experience.  This is all the more impressive considering these high-spec pieces of silicon do not negatively impact the battery as much as you would think.  This phone handles the most graphically intense games like BADLAND, Anomaly, and Tapped Out (make your Springfield too big and this game will bring most lower end phones to their knees), without any slowdown.  These games are fluid and speedy.  Load times are within reason too.  My biggest complaint with some modern games on lower end phones is they take way too long to load.The high power of this device is appreciated for everyday tasks too.  Simply using the phone and navigating the menus is extremely quick and responsive.  When you tap something on the screen there is almost no delay.  This is impressive considering the phone comes stock with Android 4.2.2 which is missing several of the optimizations that were made to Android 4.3 and 4.4 like TRIM support and resource improvement.  If Android 4.4 runs smoothly on a low end smartphone like the Moto G, I cant wait to see what it will be like when LG releases the KitKat version (supposedly Q1 of 2014).  Also, I am not sure if this is due to the faster processor, but I notice that wireless and LTE data transfer speeds are much higher on this phone than my Galaxy Nexus.  When downloading large apps from the Play Store, or transferring files through my wireless network, I consistently get much faster rates than my old phone (I never took an actual benchmark).A big reason I liked the HTC One was its beautiful metal and glass chassis.  I&#8217;ve held many plastic phones (Im looking at you Samsung), and the phones creak in your hand and just feel cheap.  This is one thing Apple does well with its iPhones.  They have great build quality and feel really solid in your hand.  I wonder why HTC is the only company to bring this level of quality to an Android phone.  With that in mind though, LG does a really great job with this phone.  Even though the back is plastic, it feels solid.  The phone does not creak at all, and the three buttons on the back (more about this later) feel well made and high quality.  Don&#8217;t let this phone&#8217;s plastic chassis turn you off.  While its not as sexy as the metal bodied HTC One, it&#8217;s a step above the cheapness of most Samsung devices (yes I am aware that Samsung made the Galaxy Nexus, but I feel the GNex was also a step above most other Samsung phones).Since we&#8217;re talking about the body of the phone, I&#8217;d like to talk about two topics that I see come up on a lot of phone sites.  The first is the absence of expandable storage.  The Verizon variant of this phone contains 32 GB of onboard storage.  I believe other variants have only 16 GB.  My old Galaxy Nexus also did not have expandable storage, and in the 2 years I had that phone, never once did I need more room.  In this day and age where everything is stored &#8220;in the cloud&#8221; and we play music streaming over our networks, do you really need all that storage?  Lets be honest here.  Adding additional storage to your phones is probably something that less than 1% of people actually do.  And in order to accomplish that, the manufacturers have to engineer a slot for the card, and add the necessary parts to do this, adding to the cost of the phone.  Plus, the more accessible parts inside the phone, the easier dirt and moisture can get into the phone.  I think 32 GB is more than enough for a phone and for the vast majority of you, not being able to swap out micro SD cards is not anything you will miss.The second is the non-removable back case.  You cannot access the battery on this phone like you can others.  This would be a big deal if the battery on this phone didn't have the amazing life that it does.  Gone are the days where you&#8217;d need to carry around a spare battery to help get you through a long day. This phone can last longer than most people would be awake in a day so there isn't the need to swap out the battery.  Now, in 2+ years, if you are still using this phone, it is plausible the battery will start to lose some of its life, and there might be a need to replace it with a new battery, but lets be honest, how many of you keep a smartphone longer than 2 years?  I read that LG&#8217;s decision to go with a non-removable battery was essential to allow for enough space to put the massive battery in the phone.  I personally think that&#8217;s more than a fair trade-off to have a long lasting battery, if it means I cannot access it.Now for the buttons on the back.  I like that LG is trying something to differentiate themselves from everyone else out there, because quite simply, with the exception of the HTC One, most Android phones all look alike.  Theres little in the way of design on these things, so I give them credit here.  Also, the idea behind why the buttons are on the back does make sense.  When you hold your phone, most people instinctively put at least one finger somewhere in the vicinity of where the rear buttons are on this phone.  In practice though, how useful are they?  Well I can tell you after owning this phone a month, I still don&#8217;t love the rear buttons, but I&#8217;ll admit, they don&#8217;t bother me as much as I had worried they would.  What kills me though, is that Verizon went out of their way to make the power button on the Verizon version of the G2 be different from that of any other G2 out there.  Verizon chose to make the button slim and smooth as opposed to wider and textured like that of the Sprint and International variants of the phone.  Why would they do this?  Considering you have to &#8220;feel&#8221; for the button, making the power button feel the same as the volume up and down buttons, is a real head scratcher.  Yeah, they put two small plastic dimples on the power button, which helps, but that&#8217;s really not enough.  I will say that getting a case for your phone like the Diztronic case help locate the buttons easier.  And as I said before, after a while you&#8217;ll get used to them.To help alleviate the need to constantly find the power button on the back. LG added a feature they call &#8220;Knock Knock&#8221; which allows you to wake the phone from slumber by tapping the screen twice.  This was a very wise choice as it means you can wake the phone while its sitting face up on your desk without having to flip it over to press the power button.  The downside is that &#8220;Knock Knock&#8221; doesn't always work.  Sometimes you need to use &#8220;Knock Knock Knock&#8221;, sometimes &#8220;Knock Knock Knock Knock Knock Knock&#8221;, and even still, sometimes, I just give up and press the power button.  You&#8217;ll get used to just tapping the screen until the phone responds.  I assume this has to do with what software I have running on the phone, but its really a minor issue.Back to the rear buttons, they&#8217;re neither a triumph nor a deal breaker.  They&#8217;re just different.  Like I said, I give LG credit for trying something new, but I really want to slap whoever at Verizon decided to change the button from every other G2 variant and make it harder to feel.Another &#8220;button&#8221; related topic is the use of &#8220;soft keys&#8221; on the screen instead of physical buttons or capacitance buttons used by other manufacturers.  Having a &#8220;soft key&#8221; means that there is no real button, but rather a piece of the screen is reserved for a button icon that when pressed, acts as if you pressed a real button.  This is how the navigation buttons (back, home, menu) at the bottom work.  Getting used to this on my Galaxy Nexus, I very much prefer this method.  This was one of the reasons I chose not to go with any of the Motorola Droid phones or the HTC One as they all have physical buttons.  Now, I know there are many people who hate the screen based soft keys, but I like that you can change the orientation of the buttons, and even in some cases, change what the buttons do.  When a button is physically designed to be a part of the phone itself, you cant really change anything about it.  Android is very customizable and not being able to change something as fundamental as the location of the back or home button is not the way it should be.Next I&#8217;ll talk about the screen.  My old Galaxy Nexus had an AMOLED screen and so do all of the current gen Motorola Droid phones.  The G2 has a 5.2&#8221; 1080p LCD screen.  There are a bunch of articles out there that go over the differences between the two technologies.  Some prefer one over the other, and some are the other way around.  I always preferred extremely bright and contrasty screens of AMOLED displays, along with their excellent viewing angles.  LCD screens have more natural color reproduction, but don&#8217;t offer as true of blacks, and have slightly reduced viewing angles.  Coming from an AMOLED screen to the LCD on the G2 was not a huge transition for me.  The screen is still very bright, and viewing angles are &#8220;good enough&#8221;.  Turn the phone to a slight angle and you do notice that the screen darkens.  I would have preferred an AMOLED display on the G2, but that&#8217;s just my preference and definitely not a deal breaker.The 5.2&#8221; screen size is wonderful.  The Galaxy Nexus had a 4.7&#8221; screen which was huge at the time, and even though this phone is half an inch bigger, the bezel is thinner than phones from 2 generations ago, meaning that the overall size increase is negligible.  In 2010, Dell was the first to release a 5&#8221; smartphone, called the Dell Streak and compared to other phones of the time, it was laughably big.  That&#8217;s not the case with the G2.  The 5.2&#8221; screen is still surprisingly easy to use one handed, even for people with averaged sized hands.  Small people with dainty hands and short fingers will not be happy, but, Id say that the majority of people would not object to using the G2 one handed.In addition to the almost all metal body of the HTC One, its other great feature are the front facing speakers.  The HTC One claims to have the best audio quality of any smartphone on the market and while that may be true, the LG G2 has a bottom facing speaker that&#8217;s still pretty good.  Playing music through the external speaker on my G2 is noticeably louder and clearer than that of my previous phone.  Its not going to take the place of a full range stereo system, but its definitely clear enough for the occasional use as a loudspeaker while in the bathroom or something.Audio quality of phone calls is good too.  I find it interesting that some phones can actually have poor phone quality, since being a phone is actually what these devices are supposedly designed for in the first place.  Audio quality is greatly affected by your network and signal quality, but on the Verizon network and near a major metropolitan area (Chicago), I have no complaints.This phone has another feature like the HTC One that&#8217;s mostly gimmicky, but still cool, which is an IR blaster.  This phone can be used like a remote control to turn on and control your TV and any other device that comes with an IR remote control.  I was able to easily setup my phone to work with my Sony Bravia TV and Dish Network Hopper DVR.  The downside to this feature is that the phone must be aimed perfectly straight at the device you want to control, otherwise it wont detect the IR signal, thus reducing some of the usefulness of this feature, but it comes in handy those times you got yourself all settled and comfortable on the couch, and then you realize the TV remote is on a table on the other side of the room.  No need to get up, just use your phone!  The G2 wont ever replace a dedicated remote like a Harmony or even the stock remotes that come with your TV, but it&#8217;s a nice backup feature.While I don&#8217;t really put a lot of value in the camera on a smartphone, some people do, and I&#8217;ll admit, it is convenient to use your phone to take the occasional spontaneous picture of something.  The camera on my old Galaxy Nexus was just OK, but the pictures looked like they came from a phone.  I've read reviews of the cameras on other phones and every review always starts with &#8220;its great, but&#8230;&#8221; and this camera is no different, but at least the &#8220;buts&#8221; are getting less and less.The specs of the cameras on this phone are 13 MP on the back and 2.1 MP on the front.  This is a step up from most other phones out there that typically offer around an 8 MP rear camera and 1.2 MP up front.  In well lit conditions, pictures from the rear camera are actually quite impressive.  I&#8217;d say they&#8217;re at least as good as those taken from an entry level point and shoot camera.  That&#8217;s not to say that a point and shoot camera cant still take better pictures, but the gap between a smartphone picture and a real camera picture is smaller and smaller.The biggest weakness (as is common with most smartphone cameras) is low light performance.  On the G2, low-light detail suffers as the ISO sensitivity goes up, but what really kills me is the slowness of the focus and light metering in low light.  You can forget about trying to take a picture of a baby in a dark room as the phone takes several seconds to focus and meter, and even then, the results are just OK.  Again, none of this is a dealbreaker as these characteristics are common of almost every smartphone camera even the HTC One which claims to offer better low-light quality with the use of their &#8220;ultra-pixels&#8221;.This phone, like pretty much every other phone out there does not do optical zoom.  All of the zooms are digital, which means you are essentially cropping and &#8220;interpolating&#8221; the image to give the illusion of zoom.  This is fine for most of the things you would take a picture of with a phone.LG adds quite a few cool little touches to the camera app that comes on the phone.  My favorite is the ability to snap a picture by saying &#8220;Cheese&#8221; or &#8220;Whiskey&#8221; when taking a picture.  This is especially useful for &#8220;selfies&#8221;.  There are so many other third party camera apps out there that offer advanced features not typically available in a stock camera app, but I will have to say LG did a really nice job with theirs.  It offers a lot of flexibility and photo-tweaking options.  The stock LG camera app should be good for at least 95% of you out there.  Add that to excellent daytime and well lit pictures, and you have yourself a really capable camera.  After all, the best camera is always going to be the one you have with you.The last thing I want to talk about is the software on this phone.  This was one area that I really thought I would struggle with coming from a stock Android Nexus device.  I have always hated all of the phone specific features (Touchwiz, Motoblur, Sense, etc) and was really worried that I would hate using the stock software on the LG.This is perhaps the one area that impressed me the most.  While this phone is no Nexus device, LG wisely allows a decent amount of customization of the stock UI.  It allows you to change the appearance using Themes.  These aren't the same themes that third party ROMs like Cyanogenmod allow, but if you search the Internet, you will find custom third party LG themes that can be applied.  I found a KitKat theme that changes the icons (Phone, Contacts, App Drawer, etc) to look exactly the same as stock Android.  There is even the ability to change the order of the stock navigation buttons (Back, Home, Menu).In addition to this customization, I found that many of the LG apps were really quite well designed.  The LG Dialer and Contacts works really well.  There are several apps that support a feature LG calls QSlide which allow them to float over other apps like a window.  You can bring up the dialer, IR Quickremote, or the calculator while in another app without closing it or completely switching running apps.  Multi-tasking isn't something that is really totally necessary on a smartphone, but it works impressively well.  LG enhances a lot of other small things like little popups showing incoming texts and the ability to accept or decline an incoming call without interrupting something else you were doing at the time.There are many little tweaks to the Android system that LG made and I have to say that most of them work quite well.  On my old Galaxy Nexus, I bounced between launchers on an almost regular basis, and although I have tried a couple on the G2, I have to say, the stock LG launcher is my preferred launcher as it actually adds value to the everyday use of the phone, unlike some of the gimmicks offered by other companies which just get in the way and needlessly take up system resources.Finally, this being a Verizon phone, there is the usual slew of Verizon installed apps like NFL Mobile, Verizon Touchtones, Slacker Radio, etc that you cannot uninstall by default.  Thankfully Android 4.2 allows you to disable these apps so they don&#8217;t show up in your app list.  They&#8217;re still there, but at least you can make them &#8220;go away&#8221;.  If you so desire, this phone is easily rooted (will void your warranty) and if you do that, you can use any uninstaller app to completely remove them from your phone.Since I mentioned rooting, if you so choose to do this to your phone, I highly recommend you check out an app called &#8216;G2 Xposed&#8217;.  That&#8217;s all I&#8217;ll say about that!Lets recap with some bullet points:Good:Excellent battery life &#8211; one of the best out thereButtery, liquid smooth performance and excellent gaming graphicsBeautiful high resolution screen (I prefer AMOLED, but that&#8217;s a nitpick)LGs implementation of many stock Android featuresPhone call qualityFast data transfer speedsCamera quality in good lightingSolid build quality, especially considering the plastic bodyNeither Good nor Bad:The buttons on the backIR Remote &#8211; Cool feature but not anything that I would miss if it wasn&#8217;t thereAdequate audio quality from the external speakerBad:Verizon&#8217;s implementation of the &#8216;smooth&#8217; power buttonVerizon bloatware (at least its easily defeated)Camera quality in poor lightingSo in a nutshell, is this phone perfect?  No.  There is not a phone out there that is perfect, nor most likely will there ever be.  However, I have to say that right now, I feel that this is the best phone out there.  There are things some other phones do a little better, but as a complete solution, and the fact that this phone is often sold for less than $100 under contract (today is Cyber Monday and its actually free today), makes it the clear winner over other phones like the Droid Maxx and Nexus 5.

Fast performance, clear bright screen, feels nice in your hand. Very long battery life for such a powerful smartphone compared to my Motorola Razr 6 hours a day.

Bought this for my sons upgrade as his Hanukkah gift and he loves it. It does everything he wants it to do and more.

**UPDATE**November 22, 2013 - When I reviewed this phone in Oct. 2013, I had this phone rated at 5/5 stars. My thoughts have changed. Please read if you're interested in the LG G2.I wrote my initial review after having the phone for less than 3 weeks. Now I've had it for a little over 2 months, and I have to say, I'm ready to get rid of it. My initial review mostly raved about the cpu speed, camera, battery life, and screen resolution/clarity. Those still hold true. Those are the excellent qualities about this phone. I stand by my initial review when it comes to those pros. But I jumped the gun when I mentioned LGs backside buttons and software. Also, one thing I didn't mention in my initial review was sound (3.5 mm headphone/aux jack) and call quality. So, here is my updated review after owning this phone for just over 3 months.- The knock-on feature: Great concept, however, it is a pain in the A! Almost everytime I pick it up (off a counter, car seat, desk at work, floor, you name it...) the screen comes on, which tells me it interpreted a knock-on or tap-tap to turn on the phone. I only keep my phone in my hand, or in a pants pocket, and I almost always see it waiting for me to unlock the screen just from picking it up. So I get frustrated and look for a way to calibrate it. No luck. It's either 'On' or 'Off'. Also, when I try to duplicate it on purpose, the screen NEVER turns on! I'm tempted to turn the double-tap gesture off. Also, LG's slide multiple apps to the side (QSlide) to have multitasking available is just clumsy. I found myself using the android multitasking strip instead. It's easier and makes more sense. They also include a note taking app (Richnote - that I could not remove), which if you use evernote or onenote, you'll find useless.- The buttons on the back: Initially, I really loved this idea b/c with other phones I've had in the past, I would accidentally press the wrong button when changing volume, taking pics, adjusting a setting, etc. b/c the buttons were located on the sides and made it hard to get your fingers in just the right position to do what you wanted. I thought the backside buttons was the answer. Well, on the verizon version of the G2, it's not the answer. I've accidentally turned off/on and increased/decreased volume level so many times b/c it's not easy to distinguish the flush mounted buttons on the back. With the other carriers version, it has the raised centered button to help with that task so I am assuming it's better on their version. On verizon's, I hate it.- Sound: My previous phone was the Samsung Galaxy Nexus. It had terrible volume from the external speaker. But it was a shortcoming I could live with. The sound that counted to me was the sound from the 3.5mm headphone jack when connected to headphones or aux systems. I consider myself an audiophile and am pretty picky about the quality sound of my music. I own several high end headphones and earbuds. When using the LG G2 to listen to music through the headphone jack, I could never get it to where I was satisfied. I'm still in the stage of trying to use the jetaudio app (pro version) in hopes to correct this. I primarily make the sound comparison to an ipod touch 5th gen with audiotechnica over-the-ear headphones. The ipod touch wins everytime. The sound is just more 'vibrant'. For me, this is a big deal.Call Quality: TERRIBLE!!! I rarely talk on the phone since I prefer to text. So initially when I wrote my review, I had not used the phone much to actually talk to many ppl. Since then I have used the phone to make calls and it is the worst phone I've ever used (for that purpose). Call quality is barely tolerable. 100% of my calls, I get this annoying 'squelching' or 'alien garbled sound' during the conversation. I have tried different scenarios of me calling their cell phones, LAN lines, from different locations, I call them, they call me; it doesn't matter. I get those annoying 'squelching' noises, no matter what. Could it be my phone? Possibly. But when I googled it, there are plenty of other ppl experiencing the same thing. They take their device in and get it replaced, yet the problem still exists.The back side: Yes, it still sucks. Easily smudges, scuffs, scratches, and is too slippery. Not too mention, you have to wipe it seconds after cleaning it. I purchased bodygaurdz protectors for mine, which really helped.So to conclude, this COULD have been a very nice highend phone, however in realworld scenarios, I really do not like it. So much so that I'm ready to get rid of it ASAP. I have had almost all versions of the iPhone, several android devices, but never a Windows 8 phone. I am eyeing the Lumia 929 that's rumored to hit verizon this month. We'll see. I just wish Verizon had someting recent from Sony.Initial review (Oct. 2013) - This is a very nice phone. The screen is brilliant! Battery life is excellent. I went an entire weekend without charging (light usage (web browsing, listening to music with headphones, texting, and a few searches), screen set to auto brightness with no more than 90%). The phone differs slightly depending on carrier. I have the Verizon version. Cameras are fantastic as well as all of the options to taking pictures. Dual cam pics are pretty cool. LG's software took some getting used to but it works well. CPU speed on this phone is unbelievable. It is so fast! 4g works well. I tested download and upload speeds of 4g in my area and results were 29.45 mbps/download and 6.32 mbps upload. VERY FAST! Voice recognition has worked well when I tested it. Buttons on the back make total sense. It took some getting used to but in the end, I appreciate them on the back vs. on the sides (like all other phones). The back of the phone is very slippery and attracts fingerprints like crazy. I normally don't use phone cases but I may with this phone because it is so slippery. Although the back is plastic, it does not feel cheap. It actually feels premium all around. I still have the unlimited data plan from Verizon, which meant that if I wanted to keep that plan, I had to buy the phone at full price, which was $730. If I wanted to get the phone at subsidized cost, I would have had to switch to one of the limited data plans. $730 is a lot of money to spend on a phone, but I believe it was well worth it! If you buy this phone with a plan, it is a fantastic deal! All in all, this is an awesome phone! In my opinion, it is the best phone available. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a large screen (5.2", 1080p), super-fast, quality built phone.

I wanted a large screen phone, that was already welled reviewed, at a low price. The LG G2 met my requirements and has proven to be quite intuitive, so using the many new features and apps has been enjoyable.

I must say I love this phone so much and its so nice! I bought it brand new from Verizon and i dropped it in my living room and its carpet.. it hit the carpet then bounced against the trim and it cracked quite a bit.. it did not touch at all afterwards except in one little spot. And once its unresponsive theres no way of getting your stuff off of it.Second phone.. which was a few weeks ago,,, I was outside and my little dog stepped on it. It had the tinyest crack ever.. you seriously had to look for the crack.. wouldn't touch,.. I even had a protective case and screen protector on it both times.Its a nice, fast phone.. but built horribly. its too thin so one drop.. and its over.!

The battery life is excellent. The camera and quality of pictures and video on the screen is above average. Controls on back means no more pocket dialing. Tapping screen for on/off is good not great.

I did not get this phone from Amazon.  My rating is based on the LG G2 phone.Other than my terrible experience at Best Buy getting the phone where I waited 2 hours, got a clueless salesperson, and then got a store manager who was more interested in text messaging her boyfriend than explaining / selling your product, everything else is great.My Samsung &#34;Charge&#34; phone needed to be charged every 4 hours even when it was not being used.  I had my new LG G2 with me on one of the greatest days of my life when my son was born and it performed like a champion.  After 3 days of not being charged, taking hundreds of pictures, making phone calls, reading e-mails, and sending text massages the battery was still at 20%.The camera on the G2 is outstanding.  I have video and still pictures that look amazing and have incredible detail.  It captured the birth of my son flawlessly.  People who have seen the pictures asked me if I had a professional photographer.  Even in low light the pictures came out nice.My first cell phone years ago was an LG.  It did not have the features of today's cell phones, but it was unique because it read the names of the callers and was a quality phone.  I am very glad I did my research and came back to LG for my new phone.  Other than the poor excuse for service at Best Buy, I would rate this phone a solid 9.5 out of 10.  Next time I will buy my LG phone from Amazon, the Verizon store, or anywhere on earth other than Best Buy!.I really love this phone.  Thank you LG!

glass got a hairline crack straight down the middle. the phone worked great one second and was broken the next. never dropped or anything ever. Lg would not warranty this and would give me know explanation for the crack and would not even let me speak to a technician. terrible inverstment. if i could give this 1/2 a star i would

I have owned coyntlesss phones and this phone is by far my favorite for battery life, screen size vs phone size and the camera is the best out there.  I will say that the camera is a little slow at times but the pics are amazing.  The processor is super fast and i would recommed this phone to anyone that can hold it.

Great phone, button placement easy to get used to even with case

Best smart phone everGreat price. Good battery.No buttons on the side to obstruct handeling. Large viewing area... full screen

From the first time you umpackage this unit you are drawn in to the subtitle curves  fast processor and. The was a sysytm clich JH pp

Have had it for a couple of months now and I really like it. I am always on it. Great buy!

Love everything about the LG G2! I definitely like the knock feature and the button location! Hands down the best phone I have had! :-)

ProsI don't have to deal with iTunes....So I don,t have to deal with Apple's utter BS DRM policy excuse.It takes flawless outdoor photos.Amazing screen though I would have preferred the SOLED..Battery last through more then day and a half through full brightness, Bluetooth, data on, with couple hours of video.Absolute speed demon. There's zero slow down and zero lag anywhere at any time.A top gear in hardware specs, nothing came close at the time of purchase.On verizon, the phone calls, emails and internet connects very well....That's the only thing verizon does well.Lastly, it's a made in Korea product from a Korean company. *gasp*  Kudos for LG on that one.  Apple you money bag, people still need jobs over here.ConsBy far The biggest issue with me is the Cameras auto focus "breaths"....in other words' the video you shoot would wobble every 3 to 4 seconds like the entire video or image or screen is taking a nice short breath.  Very jarring.  thus far there's no known cure.  I already tried the face recog, intelligent focus. They don't work on my device.  I have a feeling The only way this will be resolved will be OS update that,s coming early 2014.UPDATE 1/9/2014:  Hurray there's cure!!  Please Update OS on your phone to Android4.2.2.. (should happen automatically..) That will destroy this problem for good.Going deeper, another issue is that I have to deal with Android...I just didn't know it was this bad.Compare to iOS, Android is unintuitive.  Not very user friendly.FYI, I hate iTunes too.  I know it,s not the same deal but I hate Android as much as iTunes, but having to deal with iTunes is def lesser of two evil....admittedly only because I,m use to iTunes by now.  I really hate (yes the hater,s going to hate, or rather crotchety old man,s going to hate)  HATE both android and iTunes with passion.  But I do LOVE~ chrome and iOS so what does that make me?Third, unlike iPhone, there,re quite a BS ware by both lg and Verizon.  Deleting them is painstaking if not impossible.Another  thing,  the phone auto pauses video sometimes....for no reason, just by itself out of blue when it feels like annoying me.  Also screen rotates by itself and there no obvious button to undo it.  W.T.H.UPDATE 1/6/2014:  the fix was under setting, display , then please uncheck smart video.....there,s setting under gesture and but  that,s not it.And while at it, go head and uncheck auto rotate screen.  As a default I feel they should have come unchecked.Finally one and only hardware issue, Power button on the back made worse by Verizon flushing it with the back.....so now without having to turn the phone around and looking at the back, I still have to thumb for it with my fingers like a blind mouse......And I only have to use it because "Tap On" only works about half the time on my device. It makes me look like raging fool tapping and tapping and tapping it harder and harder at the screen.  Between LG and Verizon beta testing consumers, Turning on or off a device is a chore and it makes me look like complete madman.  What was LG drinking?  Def Verizon made the issue much MUCH worst though.UPDATE1/6/2014:  I managed to fix most of tap on issues by cleaning the screen more often and trying to tap in the middle of the screen.  That seems to resolve 90 percent of the problem.In conclusion I won't be buying LG anytime soon.  with FaceTime and super intuitive "it just works" user interface.  I think I will just get iPhone like my wife and mother.  There,re rumors that iPhone 6 will have a much much bigger screen due at middle of this year....I give this product a three and a half stars due to the crippling start function and the unusable video recording function....to me at least.As I,m going against the grain here Please comment or advise if you like  as I,m more then willing to stand corrected and happy to edit the rating if warranted.UPDATE:1/9/2014:  Good news guys and dolls!  Today I went to local Verizon shop and the phone auto updated to KitKat. The vid rec issue is GONE!!!Coincedent?  I raise the rating to well deserving four stars.  I highly recommend this phone now, especially with the O.S. update and much lower price point!

Big mistake, hardware failure, software failure. Went through 3 of these phones in 1 month because of failures. In theory it's an awesome phone, fast processor, huge screen, long battery life. Decided to go with a Droid MAXX.

I just got the new LG G2 for one of my family share lines, and I have to say I am pretty impressed with how much LG has improved since I last used their phone. Depending on your perspective, this is either a huge phone or a small phablet.Pro:-Fast processorThe G2 runs the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 chip, which is a beast with its quadcore CPU at 2.26 Ghz and Adreno 330 graphics chip. This is the king of the hill SOC at the moment, with the possible exception of Apple's new A7 chip in the iPhone 5s. I experienced no lag in using the phone - animations in the user interface were all very smooth. Paired with 2GB of RAM, this phone should still be fairly powerful a year or two down the road.-great screenThe screen has always been an important factor for me. After all, it's the main way I interact with the phone! The G2 doesn't disappoint with its huge 5.2" IPS LCD running at resolution of 1080p or 1920x1080. IPS panel technology is generally recognized to have superior color reproduction compared to the AMOLED screens Samsung uses in their Galaxy phones, which produce exaggerated/overly saturated colors. In addition, LCDs tend to be brighter than AMOLED screens, which comes in handy when using the phone outdoors in direct sunlight. And finally, IPS panels use the full RGB subpixel layout, as opposed to the pentile arrangements used by Samsung, which cheats by not using all three basic color subpixels for each pixel.-thin bezelLG was able to really cut down on the side bezels on this phone by moving the usual buttons to the back of the phone. Definitely the closest yet to the mythical "edge-to-edge" display thus far.-innovative inclusion of Graphics RAMLG implemented Graphics RAM (GRAM) in an effort to increase battery life. Basically, it's a small amount of memory that allows the phone to avoid waking up the main CPU for low stress tasks, such as when you're browsing and reading a long article, and there's no change to what's being displayed on-screen. The GRAM allows the LCD panel to self refresh instead of waking up the main CPU to do it, which requires more battery juice. Obviously this depends on your specific usage pattern, but judging from the phone's excellent battery life, I'd say it's probably helping in some way.-great battery lifeAs someone who's been fortunate enough to have used multiple devices from Motorola, Samsung and HTC, I can definitely say that the G2 has the best battery life with the exception of the Moto Droid Maxx. It makes sense, since LG threw in a nice big 3000 mah battery, compared to the 3500 mah found in the Maxx. The GRAM is an unique feature specific to G2 which no doubt helps to prolong the battery life. Finally, the new Snapdragon 800 chip has additional power efficiency enhancements that's not found in the 600 series (used in the Samsung S4 and HTC One and host others). I am seriously impressed.-13MP camera with optical image stabilizationThe G2 is the second Android phone to come with optical image stabilization (OIS) - the first being the HTC One. This is very exciting to me, because as a photography enthusiast, I am happy to see features from the real cameras trickle down to the smartphone world. OIS helps to smooth out the jitters and vibrations, which are inevitable with smartphones. Nokia still has the best OIS in the smartphone world, although the HTC One comes pretty close, at least in the higher frequency vibrations. The G2 has comparable OIS performance to the HTC One, and its 13MP sensor is actually the Exmor RS sensor made by Sony, which is one of the better smartphone sensors currently on the market. Not a bad camera!Cons:-LG's android skinTo be honest, I've always thought LG's interpretation of Android is the worst of all the skins out there. It's cartoony, overly-flashy, and just ugly. It's like a drunk version of Samsung's Touchwiz, which I personally think is a pretty bad interface already. Good thing the phone is smooth. My previous experience with LG smartphone (the LG Spectrum series) was similar, except back then the LG phones were incredibly laggy and slow, they were borderline unusable.-button layoutThe buttons on the back takes some time to get used to. I am okay with it after a day or so, and I have no problem with it. But I could see some people potentially not liking it.Also, the placement of the buttons on the back means the phone doesn't sit flush on the table when placed down. I thought this took away a little from the overall design.-no microSD slot for memory expansionThe phone comes with 32GB with no way to expand. Personally I am okay with 32GB. I do clear out the phone periodically and also use cloud services like dropbox (woohoo still have the grandfathered unlimited data). It would've been better if it came with 64GB or more though.- non-user-replaceable batteryThe battery is sealed and you can't switch out batteries without taking the phone apart. With the nice 3000 mah capacity though, I don't see this as that big of a disadvantage.- so-so speaker quality with bad placementThe G2 has a single speaker located at the bottom edge of the phone. There are two grills, but it's only one speaker inside. The quality is average - that is, it's blown away by the HTC's stereo "Boomsound" speakers. The biggest drawback however is its location. I found that I tend to muffle it with my palm in either landscape or portrait orientation. I have to make a conscious effort to hold the phone a certain way, which is somewhat awkward.- "double tap" to turn on screen is somewhat hit-or-missLG has an interesting feature where you double tap the screen to wake the phone. In my experience, this doesn't work all the time. The failure rate is high enough that I've basically conditioned myself to always triple tap, and even then it sometimes still doesn't register.-IR TV remote function somewhat bareboneLG threw in the IR remote function, first introduced by the HTC One and followed by the Samsung S4. However, LG's implementation is barebone - it works as the tv remote but doesn't include the extra like HTC with the cool channel guide, where you can search for a show or genre and just click on it, and the phone automatically changes the TV to the correct channel.- build quality is okay, not greatLG follows its Korean brother Samsung in using cheap glossy plastic for its phones, and the G2 is no exception. The phone feels cheap to the touch and the glossy plastic is a fingerprint magnet. It's definitely no HTC One with its all-metal construction! Granted, a lot of people put phones in cases. But for me, I take my phones out of their cases when I am not out and about.Overall, I am truly impressed by the G2. Gone are the days of laggy and slow user interfaces that defined LG phones. The battery life is great, and considering that the Droid Maxx costs $100 more, that just makes it even more impressive. My biggest turn-off is the LG user interface. It's just downright ugly. In the end, it's a great phone as long as you're okay with the UI, the phone's sheer size, cheap plasticy construction and unique button placement.

Reviewing something as complex as a smartphone can be long and arduous, so I apologize if I'm either too brief or too verbose for your tastes...The Good:The screen: This is an absolutely beautiful LCD display with good contrast levels, brightness, and resolution. The display is 5.2 inches without adding too much to the phone's physical footprint because LG opted for making a very thin bezel, which I really appreciate. The fact that the display is LCD is nice because it will not experience a color shift or "burnout" like other AMOLED displays on the market (though they have improved over the years, my Droid Razr shifted to such a VERY noticeable green by the time I upgraded from it) , such as the Moto X, Samsung Galaxy S4, and Galaxy Note 3. However, LG opted to make their screen slightly more vibrant than your average LCD, resulting in colors that "pop" but aren't as accurate as say, the HTC One. The brightness settings can be a little confusing but work as intended: you can adjust the brightness to your preferred baseline value and enable automatic brightness from there. If you want a brighter than normal experience, choose something bigger than 50% auto brightness, lower, vice versa. To get a standard Android experience use 50% auto brightness. I like that LG added this feature, but it can be confusing to someone coming from a different phone.The software: Discussions on Android customizations tend to have polarized lately: most tech enthusiasts prefer a stock android experience. However, I beg to differ. I feel that what LG has done with Android 4.2.2 is slightly degrade the out-of-the-box experience by adding more actually useful features and customizable options that stock Android lacks. For example, LG's camera app is very decent in giving you a plethora of options, reminiscent of Samsung's latest flagships but with a little less option overload. LG's homescreen and lockscreen are functional, customizable, and beautiful. Some people have complained that the app launcher doesn't allow you to show apps you have downloaded first, instead opting for making all the bloatware on the phone be in the front screens, but this is simply not true. One can simply change the default option from "custom organization" to "alphabetical organization." LG's QSlide apps allowed for a limited windowed implementation of system apps such as calendar, a notepad, calculator, and video, which is actually very helpful for those situations where you need to do more power-user-type of tasks.The camera: What a great camera! Day shots are great. HDR shots (great for scenes with a great disparity in lighting) are taken as the same speed as a regular camera shot (though the camera app pauses a moment to process the HDR, presumably merging the pictures it has taken together). Low light pictures are above average, but not as good as say, Nokia's high end lumia line (whose low light shots are absurd). However, I would say LG's camera takes better low light pictures in terms of less color shift and more detail than the HTC One. There doesn't seem to be a different between night mode and normal mode when taking low light shots. One thing to take note of: the "Intelligent Auto" mode isn't very good in my humble opinion. It tends to take an extra second or two to "decide" on a camera mode when optimally, one should just use "normal mode" (for a standard shot) or "HDR" (for outdoors/bright lighting shots) for 99% of all pictures. LG's camera app by default takes pictures in the 10 MP widescreen format by cutting off the edges of its normally square pictures, so I recommend changing the MP size to either 8MP or 13MP to capture the full image the camera sensor picks up. The video performance is stellar, but I haven't had a chance to really evaluate the microphones.Call quality: You hear people very clearly, they hear you very clearly. I didn't know LG to be such a great maker of phones in the past, but this one "just works." One thing to note, noise cancellation is not enabled by default. You have to go in the settings and enable the checkmark yourself, but it's there, and it works well.Knock on: You can touch the phone's screen twice to turn it on, and tap it twice again on either the status bar, lock screen, or an empty home screen space to lock it. The feature works about 90% of the time, which can make failed attempts frustrating, but it works consistently enough to be a useful and well appreciated feature. For example, you don't need to pick up the phone to check something, just tap it twice on your desk and it's on! Unfortunately this has had the side effect of me attempting to "knock on" my Nexus 7 and other people's phones. It just doesn't work and is very disheartening to discover. However, if you absolutely need a phone with this feature and hate LG and Android, I believe that Nokia's lumia 9xx line has it, but I could be mistaken. No other Android manufacturer has this feature, though Motorola went somewhat in this direction with the Moto X's "active notifications." I think I like "knock on" better.Speed: The phone features the most powerful ARM chipset & gpu in phones at the moment: the Snapdragon 800 with the Adreno 330. This phone will take a little longer than normal to become outdated...Battery life: It's great. It's very very good. This is the biggest phone battery you can get without going up at tier to something ridiculous sized, like the Xperia Z1 or the Galaxy Note 3.Ergonomics and size: The very small bezels and low weight makes this phone pocketable and manageable despite the 5.2 inch screen. The back is curved to make holding it a nicer experience, and it really does work! (Disclaimer, I have larger than average hands but not exactly freakishly large. If you have small hands but would still like a big screen, I recommend something like the Moto X, which does edge-to-edge display as well with a smaller package.)The Ok:Bloatware: The Verizon LG G2 comes with plenty of bloatware, but it's not so bad because anything nonessential to the phone can be disabled in application settings. However, this does take a few minutes of extra set-up time.Buttons on the back: I absolutely love this feature! However, Verizon made them smaller so they could add inductive charging to the LG G2's feature set. It's a debatable trade-off, but I can't help feel that the buttons on the back would be better if they were like the international LG G2 version. That being said, the buttons on Verizon's G2 are still of good quality, they are just harder to get used to and "feel around" for the different between volume up, power, and volume down. It takes about a week to get used to, but then you become very used to the idea of buttons on the back.Start up: Booting up the phone results in a Verizon logo, but the phone boots up very fast! I felt bittersweet about it.Inductive charging: This is one of the phone's features I do not use, but can note is in indeed there (some people just can't live without it). LG had to reduce the size of their back buttons to implement it.The Bad:Back panel: It's plastic, slimy with many fingerprints, and is the only part of the phone that I can see scratching (the front screen is gorilla glass and the camera lens is sapphire crystal). I recommend getting a phone case made of a better material just to cover up the back panel. I personally got one of the matte feather cases from Incipio (the cyan one - it's pretty), but really recommend getting ANY sort of matte case just to cover the back of the phone from scratches and your hand prints. I've heard that if you get a thin enough case the inductive charging still works (e.g. the Incipio feather), though these protect the phone less if that is your end goal.

Awesome phone! You get used to the buttons in the back very fast, and then you use the knock on feature all the time. The display is very big and very colorful, the phone quality is great, the camera is awesome. This is easily the best phone I have ever owned, and Amazon had it for the right price!

Stepping up to the G2 was a huge leap ahead from my Droid X.  This phone has it all... great camera, crisp display, powerhouse processor, massive battery capacity, and on and on.  The volume/lock buttons on the back take some getting used to, but it apparently allows the screen to be stretched closer to the edges of the phone, which makes for more viewing area compared to similarly sized phones.

GPS does not work on mine, at all.  I have tried since day 1 to use this feature and for some reason it does not let me use Gmaps although I have everything enabled.  Getting a new one from Verizon soon so I will update my review at that time.

I like this phone, so far. It has taken some getting used to since my last 2 phones were HTC and came with widgets that I really liked, but are unavailable on the LG.  Other than the learning curve, I'm pretty happy.

I found the phone to be exactly what I was looking for in a smartphone. Very easy to setup and easy to use.

I have owned and used a lot of phones. iPhones, Android, and Windows. This phone is the only one I would say I have been truly excited to own and to use from the moment I peeled the plastic off.

So far, so good! Great hd picture, camera is killer, and the battery life rocks! No sd card, but i can live without it. Also only took a few mins to root! A must! Verizon preloads way too much b.s. on their phones. Highly recommend!

Big screen. Crisp picture. Camera flash is slow, but pictures are nice.Battery life goes quicker than my non-data phone, but expected.

Love this phone. Screen clarity is incredible and the 2 GB RAM means that games and apps have plenty of room to work with. The only downside is the battery, which doesn't last quite as long as I'm used to. To be fair, though, before this phone I had a RAZR MAXX with a 3300mAh battery while this phone only has a 3000mAh power supply. Other than that small caveat, this phone is fantastic.

This is without question, the best Android phone I've ever owned.This is a big step up from an LG Spectrum which was a workhorse for me and was itself a pretty great device with a very nice display. It was beginning to show its age, and it was a pretty good battery charge consumer.The LG G2 is very very responsive; the display is excellent. It takes wonderful photos when set to IA mode. The battery life is fantastic... I can go a few days with ease on one charge.I'm using a wireless Qi charger (PowerBot PB1020) for my Verizon model (the other models don't have this) so I don't physically cycle the microSD connector needlessly. It charges fine through a TPU (TUDIA Ultra Slim) case. I hope wireless charging long-term doesn't negatively impact battery longevity.Bluetooth connectivity with my Sony Automobile Car Stereo is excellent. I can make and receive calls hands free. I can stream TuneIn and Pandora with no problems with the device.A nice program that comes with the phone is &#34;Quick Remote&#34;... My kids often misplace the TV or the Cable Box remotes. Ha - I can use my phone now to control these since the phone has a built-in IR transmitter.I find the LG Skin to be feature-rich, and you can tailor it to your liking; You can replace it all together if you desire. I think people need to get familiar with it and give it a chance before flat out replacing it with something downloaded from the PlayStore.

This was my first Android phone. I've used some tablets and what not. I enjoy the knock-on feature quite a bit. I also enjoy the button layout. It seems more natural to me. The camera seems pretty good. It's at least on par with similar phones. The battery life is respectable.The only real problem I have encountered was that twice the touch was having phantom touches on the screen and was not responding as it should. I looked online and found some forum posts but nothing really came of it. A simple restart resolved the problem which leads me to believe it's a software issue. Currently it has Android 4.2 but LG is rolling out 4.4 in some markets so hopefully it will come to the United States soon.Overall, I'm quite happy with my purchase.

The bottom line up top: Blows away any Verizon phone I've used or seen including the iPhone 5s.  The combination of best screen yet with fast, fluid, nearly flawless operation and long battery life  allows me a new level of freedom. It's a fantastic experience overall, at a very low price vs. competitors. Excellent travel companion.I'm a physician. Most docs and nurses I know use iPhones. I went in thinking I would buy a 5s despite its too small screen. I like my iPad and Apple TV. My business uses iPhones and syncs via iCloud. But after I compared the two phones, choosing the iPhone 5s makes sense only if I am 100% committed to and invested in Apple's ecosystem.I'm not. WHY, you may ask? (1) Screen size and resolution are important for me. I read a lot on the net and look at images and photos. Put these screens side by side and tell me with a straight face that the iPhone 5s is even close! (2) Simultaneous talk and data is a must for me. If you like Verizon, you cannot talk and surf simultaneously on an iPhone. Picture this or your own similar situtation: I may be speaking with a patient or friend while using navigation or maps, or looking up something I need in the moment like an event calendar or a prescription dose. Not on an iPhone!! I assume Apple keeps such a significant limitation because they know another radio for CDMA will make an iPhone's already borderline battery life worse. This isn't an issue for iPhones on ATT or T-Mobile subscribers which use GSM. So you can switch providers to get full capability on an iPhone!After two months, I'm truly impressed with this LG G2 phone. It's my first LG phone. Hardware is comfortable, blazing fast, reliable. LG's interface is better for me than Samsung, Motorola, HTC. And of course you can root and mod.BATTERY LIFE: Stellar. And it charges very fast, less than an hour via cable. Even ten minutes is enough to mostly charge it. Very freeing when you travel! Haven't tried or needed the wireless charging yet. Nice to have, though.PRICE: $109 upgrade on Amazon, $199 at Verizon. Compare with $299 or $399 for an iPhone 5s with smaller screen, fewer features (though I like the handy fingerprint sign-on).NO LAG, FREEZING, REBOOTS: My first Android phone without any of the above. Finally!SCREEN: Stellar except in strong direct sun.SIZE: It's about as big as my big hands can handle. If you're a smaller person, try it before you buy.TRAVEL: This phone sips gas, charges really fast, and its large screen means you can usually leave your tablet behind. It has the most world wide 3G and LTE data support of any device thanks to Qualcomm's newest processor.CAMERA: better than any I've seen or used on a phone. Haven't tried the ATT Lumia 1020. With that possible exception this camera is as good or better than any out there, including the iPhone 5s.  It's easy to use, snaps quickly, takes excellent video.CALL QUALITY: Stellar on both ends, obviously depending on the network quality as well.DATA SPEED: Stellar. Allows easy VPN connections, too.Wi-Fi CONNECTIVITY: No problems ever.LG INTERFACE: Allows 4 soft buttons along the bottom instead of the usual three. You customize which buttons and their order, which is surprisingly handy for functions you use so often. Gets the job done well enough so I haven't felt need to mod or root the phone. The adjustable transparency of the QSlide apps like calculator and rich note (essentially a Post-It note) make them surprisingly useful without having to install more apps.The knock to wake feature is great with room for improvement, as others note. Sometimes must knock hard!BUTTONS ON THE BACK: Mixed bag. They work well there, especially the power button. VZW made a mistake by making them so small. But they work, and the right case actually helps you find them. I like the TRULIA Melody Ultra Slim case for $2.99. Not bulky, protects very well, not slippery, no fingerprints.VOICE CONTROL: I've been pleasantly surprised by how good dictation into text and email is, how easy it is to open an app, request a map or call someone with voice alone.KEYBOARD: Stock LG keyboard has one nice feature: a .com key. I wish Swift Key, which I use, would do that!TRAVEL: Works in pretty much any country. Verizon's charges are another story...look into getting your own SIM card in each country. The phone is unlocked.BLOATWARE: Well, yes, this is Verizon. Ignore it until you root or mod your phone. It's not just taking up memory, though: there is research indicating that this useless pre-installed software is the most significant security hazard on Android phones. For now, at least, VZW seems to feel that their money is more important than their customers' security. I hope they will reconsider that. ATT has now pretty much closed the gap network wise...MY WISH LIST FOR LG2 UPDATE:1. I find the much ridiculed Q Slide to be very handy. But it could be better. I can access its contents from any screen without interrupting the task at hand. One can mute sound, change wireless or GPS settings, take a note, make a calculation,etc. You choose which apps are visible and their order. If LG allowed the user to include non-LG apps in it, Q-Slide would go from a point of ridicule to a home run feature of this phone. For example, I use Google's calendar. You likely use come calendar that syncs with Outlook, Google or your work calendar. So having the LG calendar in the Q slide is useless. Having my calendar, email, etc there would be amazing!2. Let user customize notifications and choose what calls our attention. The same chime and LED alert happens when I get a text, a voicemail or someone posts on Facebook. If anyone has a way, let us all know.3. When voicemail is left or being left, you cannot respond with text. Verizon and LG, please include option for text response in visual voice mail. This has been part of the app on my other Android phones, not sure why it wasn't included here. To be clear, you can ignore a call with a text message, either the pre-made ones or your own custom text.

I've had the phone for a month now and I would say it's the best phone I've ever had. My experience with smart phones are the original Droid and the Galaxy SII.The camera has way more features but I think that has to do with the Android version which this one is 4.2.2. I heard this phone is supposed to get the upgrade to 4.4 in the future from what I've read.I have notice that the screen operation isn't as smooth as described.As for the battery, with moderate use the the battery has lasted me about 1.5 days and with heavy use at least the whole day without worry of it going dead before I can get it plugged in.The verizon version has lots of bloatware both from Verizon and LG and their is still no way to remove them, most I haven't use as of yet.

I have always been a big Samsung fan. My wife upgraded to the Galaxy S4 several months ago and she loves it.  I was a little jealous of her phone and, after 3 years of using the original Galaxy, I decided to upgrade too.  After getting to spend a little time with a friend's LG G2, I decided to give it a try instead of the Samsung.  I'm glad I did.  It's very fast, the screen is super sharp, and the battery life is crazy good especially for a phone this size.  The wireless charging capability is also a big plus for me.  I've bragged about my phone so much that 3 other members of my family have bought their own.  They all love theirs as much as I love mine.

I like this phone a lot. I was interested in the iPhone 5s, but I was not a fan of Apple's battery. The battery on the LG G2 easily lasts me 2 full days. Its very quick and has handled everything that I have thrown at it thus far. The screen is crisp and clear. The phone itself doesn't weigh too much and is pretty thin. I got used to the volume and power button being on the back of the phone during the first week of use. I love the double tap on feature. The phone charges from 0-100% in about an hour. This phone is very easy to use and has been a great phone so far.

LOVE the Phone!!  Best one that we've had so far and would definitely get it again.  Wouldn't hesitate getting a phone through this service!

I judged it the &#34;best phone for the price&#34; due to its size, screen, speed and special features for under $100.00.

Note this is not comparing to the iPhone, because...well, why compare to such an obviously deficient device. So Samsung markets the S4 like crazy spending $$ marketing (just like Apple) and copying iPhone aesthetics (credit where credit is due). Whereas LG hardly markets at all, which is why the G2 is less recongnized...but the G2 is a better phone all around. I used the S4 for 10 days and exchanged it for the G2 yesterday.#1 Reason: It's incredibly comfortable to hold and actually feels smaller in your hands despite... #2 Reason: a noticeably bigger screen. #3 Reason: Way better sound plus the speaker is at the bottom (much louder), which matters for me bc I watch Netflix on it. #4 Reason: No physical home button (why the h311 do I want to have to *push* something). #5 Reason: Power and volume buttons on the back. I don't miss the side controls, much better on the back. Plus the screen double tap to turn on...this will be on phones in the future. #6 Reason: Camera is better (optical image stabilization), as are the software features. This thing blows me away the things the camera can do. #7 Reason: Better (read: bigger) battery.What do I miss? The white &#34;style&#34; of the S4...you'll get over this in about 10 minutes. Why did I exchange? History with 4G LTE still had me concerned with battery life, and the S4 had a removable battery I could potentially swap for an extended. So despite wanting the G2, I bought the S4 originally. After using the S4 I realized battery life on these phones are fine, so I thought about exchanging for the G2. When I found out the G2 cost $50 right now at Verizon vs $200+ for the S4, it was an easy decision. So yeah, in the exchange, after paying $35 restock fee, I had $130 returned to my card.Oh, and it's the fastest phone on the market, surprisingly noticeable over the S4

This is by far the best phone on Verizon, IF you're willing to spend some time tweaking it to get around the somewhat annoying customizations that LG and Verizon have stuck on the phone.The G2 has wayyy better hardware than anything else you can get on Verizon right now. I also played with the Moto X & Droid Maxx in store and the G2's overall smoothness, ability to run a bunch of apps at the same time, or lots of tabs in Chrome, etc is a noticeable improvement over those phones. Rock solid.LG & Verizon's software layered on top of stock Android is not very good. I had to spend a couple hours getting the phone set up how I wanted.  Now that I did that initial work I'm loving the phone.If you want a nice clean Android experience right out of the box then this is probably not the phone for you. But if you're willing to do some tweaking it's worth it for the hardware. I've got some of my tweaks listed in the cons section.Pros:+ Great battery life. I'm a heavy user and at 1:30 pm on the first full day I've had the phone I'm at 74% battery.+ Performance is fantastic, animations smooth, apps open quickly, multiple tabs in Chrome no problem, very stable. Compared to a Motorola Droid Maxx (VZW's other option with excellent battery) the G2 is noticeably better.+ Awesome screen. Clear colors, good resolution. Compared to AMOLED it has much more natural colors but viewing angles aren't quite as wide. A fair tradeoff.+ Super small bezels around the screen. It doesn't feel like a big phone. A little bigger than my old Galaxy Nexus but thinner and weight is fine.+ Camera is quick, good amount of controls in the app, and takes quality pics.+ LG's custom lock screen is kinda handy with customizable shortcuts, and you can still add widgets like stock Jellybean lock screen.Cons:- Buttons on back of the phone make waking it up a little tricky. The Verizon G2 has smaller buttons than all other variations of the phone.- Knock-on feature is supposed to let you wake up screen with double-tap on screen when off but works maybe 2/3 of the time. Also lets you turn off screen with double-tap on empty part of screen but if not in LG launcher this only works if you tap status bar.- Glossy plastic back is a fingerprint magnet.- There's a junky looking sticker with the IMEI number on the back of the phone that is already getting ragged looking from 1 day of use.  I'll probably take it off and stick it to the box (which already has the IMEI printed on it).- Lots of Verizon & LG bloatware.- LG launcher is pretty bad. Home screens are OK but the app drawer forces all the Verizon & LG bloatware to the first two pages and puts your installed apps after them. You can rearrange the installed apps but I couldn't find an option to sort them alphabetically. I ditched it for Nova Launcher.- LG keyboard takes up too much screen real estate, replaced with Swype. If you don't want to spend $0.99 on Swype then download the stock Google keyboard.- LG SMS app is very bad. Annoying popup notifications, and the message compose box in the conversation window is too big so with the keyboard up you barely see any of the conversation. Replaced with Chomp SMS.- On-screen buttons (back, home, etc) let you customize layout but there's no option for a multitasking button. You're stuck with back, home and menu. It lets you add a button to open notification drawer if that sounds appealing to you. Can choose multiple themes but no plain black. There's a "black gradient" option but it stands out more than plain black buttons on Nexus & other devices.- QSlide apps are pretty worthless and take up an extra row in notification drawer. Can get rid of it by editing the toggles in the notification drawer and checking the box for QSlide toggle, then toggle QSlide off.- Can't take screen shots by pressing combo of hardware buttons. Would be tricky to do with buttons on the back so I guess LG took this feature out. Instead you have to use Quick Memo which is accessible on the toggles on the notification drawer. A bit fussy, but workable.I know that seems like a lot of cons in a 5-star review, but again the hardware on the G2 is so much better than anything else on VZW right now that I'm ok recommending it as long as people know what they're getting into with the software.

The only complaint I have with this phone is you can only use an lgg2 charger with it even though other charges fit in.

I did a lot of research on what I wanted to get for a new phone.  It came down to the LG G2 and the Samsung Galaxy S4.  I am so glad that I chose the LG G2!  Battery life is great!  I do a lot of texting and game playing on my phone and the battery lasts 2 days for me!  The battery charges super fast too!  I don't have any dropped calls and the reception is great. The  knock on feature is very handy also.  As for the buttons on the back of the phone, I don't really even use them because of the knock on feature.  I have only found one thing that I can complain about with the phone.  The back of the phone is slippery and it is a fingerprint magnet.  That is a simple fix though.  You just put a cover on it and your set!  I would recommend this phone to anyone!!

Out of all the bloated skins available now, the LG is the best. No lag at any time. I actually got this model for my brother and he loves it. One of the features he enjoys best is the built in remote.

Needed a new phone after having a 2+ year old Droid 3.  Wanted to stay with the droid system and having looked at multiple phones, went with the LG G2 since it had great reviews.  Plus, got a great deal!  You won't be disappointed!

I wanted to love this phone, with the specs I was excited to finally replace my slowing Razr Maxx. It falling a little short of what I expected but with that being said it still seems to be a decent phone..as long as the speed and reception doesnt degrade as my previous droid phones have done. A samsung Galaxy 1 and the above mentioned Motorola Razr Maxx.Super fast - I love the speed, although it does hang up a little when swiping down long lists like the app manager.Battery- I live in a fringe area of the Verizon network. All my phones drain a bit faster since they have to search for signal.You may ask why not use wifi? I do for data but this phone at first kept the cell data on while the wifi was on. It fixed itselfafter 3 days. I was about to return it. Verizon and LG support both confirmed it wasnt right but didnt have a solution otherthan to swap for another one.  I think needing the brightness being at 100% to be able to see it caused the battery todrain. I  experienced a 30% drop per hour. I was shocked at the drain. It is better now.  About 5% per hour if I don't use itmuch. I keep my apps and widgets to a minumum to extend battery life. So after a 10 hour day its at 50%. 30% if its usedfor any more than placing 2 or 3 calls. The Droid Razr Maxx and Droid Maxx blows this one away on battery life. I thinkthe super fast processor also causes battery drain.Display- Absolutely beautiful.. but the first 3 days it was very dark. It had to be at 100% to see anything. Now 50% is fine. Auto brightness is always too dark.Button placement - Some got use to it. I hate the placement, its not natural. my finger isnt naturally positioned in that spot. I feel like I cant securely hold this phone and push these buttons. I solved it for now with a volume widget so I dont have to access those buttons on the back.  Keep in mind Verizon had LG make these smaller other carriers they are bigger.  There is nothing on these buttons to indicate which one you're on. They all run together. My thumb is right on the side which is the perfect spot for volume up and down. Not sure what the thought process was there..Just to be different I guess.Knock On:  Annoying as.... *%^&  Works about half the time. Wouldn't be a big deal if there was a power button on the side or top. Had one stretch where it wouldnt work at all had to use the power button on back.Feel: Fits in my hand well. But very slick, will easily slip out of your hand especially with the awkward grip you need to use to buttons on the back. Definitely need a case. Feels cheap. I like the non slip feel of the Kevlar on the Motorola's.Software:  Most of the new software is flashy. Not that useful to me for the most part. I have used the calculator via qslide I can see use for that.  Some might like these features. If not they can be disabled.Ram:  Fresh out of box I looked at the task manager there is about 350mb of free ram.  After disabling unwanted application and LG and Verizon bloat that expanded to 650b free ram. For a phone I guess that is sufficient.Other: Love that you can put widgets on the lock screen. Hate that LG made it so there is only a few to choose from.  I have a home thermostat widget I would like to have here.  Love that it has a guest mode. Hate that I can't use it. You can only use it with the pattern setting. My employer requires I use a 4 digit pin for email security. Wish LG allowed access to it with a PIN or password rather than just the pattern only.Reception: Very happy to see that it is just slightly better than the Motorolas. If it would have been slightly less It would have had to go back. That being said I still can't get 3g or 4g where I live.  For that  I'd have to switch to U.S. Cellular which is better in my area (N. IL).  Half my texts would send with the Motorola Razr, so far 100% with the LG.  Of course battery and reception started out well on the other phones and and degraded over time. Time will tell with this device. I will update the review in a few months.Speaker: Very poor. Worst I've experienced. I'm referring to external speaker for music.

This phone is awesome. I ordered it for my boyfriend and he loves it. He said going from a Droid X2 to such a nice phone is like having an upgrade to his actual service. Everything is faster and no glitches so far.

I love this phone it's fast has a large display and a lot of built-in customize options and the knock knock feature is cool

I've had my G2 for a month now and have only had one problem with it... sending/receiving picture messages. Apparently the G2 has had some issues since the last Android software update but I don't believe that's any fault of LG. All in all I love this phone.

Small compact phone with a huge screenLightning fast compared to everything out right nowExcellent battery lifeGreat navigationI have had about 15 different phones in 3 years including iphone5, Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note II, HTC DNA, and many more. This blows them all away in every possible way. I couldn't more highly recommend this phone!

This phone is the best phone ive ever owned. i have had this phone a little over 4 months now and ive had no problems. the buttons are much more than a gimmick they are placed in a prefect spot for everyday use. the interface is easy to use and get used to, there are also plenty of free downloads to change these if you don't like them. it is very easy to customize the UI with built in settings.the battery life is also amazing on this phone i can get a full day of use out of it ( 6am-6pm) and still have 20-30% leftThe phone performs very quickly. No lag issues, the camera is decent occasionally can take a bad pic or two. i have not used it in low light very much so i cant comment on how good that is.The back of the phone is very slick i highly recommend a case or there is a high possibility of dropping it.the double tap feature is also great- this feature is that you can tap the screen twice when it is off or on and it will then turn the screen on or off.the only draw back that i have seen is that if you hard covers the front sensor when turning in the phone it will shut the screen back off. the reason it does this is because it is a &#34;safety&#34; feature that if the phone is in your pocket and the screen accidentally turns on it turns the screen off so you don't accidentally call anyone or open appsBefore this phone i was using the Razr MAXX HD and that phone was great and when it was time to get a new one i was going to get the new MAXX but i am so glad i made a change to the G2Very happy with this phone

I have had this phone for a few months now and I am very satisfied. The double tap wake feature is a simple yet awesome idea. Phone is very responsive and lots of apps run great on it. Battery life has also been impressive, in which I can leave it without charging for 2 to sometimes 3 days with light usage. Screen is great as well. Only downside is camera can be a little wonky with focusing. As long as it focuses correctly the pictures look great though.

LG is forcing all carriers to update to KItKat from JellyBean and won't even allow to go back to JellyBean with a Factory Data Reset after months of reported problems on all the forums!!!! KitKat will not send or receive or MMS in texts or emails and drains the battery twice as fast. LG was quoted as saying no update is planned while consumers are getting robbed of their time, service, and peace of mind. I will never buy an LG product again or sign a contract with Verizon!!!!! Hindsight I wish I had gotten unlimited data with Sprint and a Samsung or HTC flagship phone. Verizon offered to exchange for a downgrade within the same brand, i.e LG Intuition, and said they were not allowed to exchange for a comparable brand.

I was skeptical about getting a larger phone as I was used to wearing them in a case on my belt and was worried about keeping a phone in my pocket, but took the chance and glad of it.  This is the best cell phone I've owned--large clear screen, easy to navigate and set up.  Very good sound for phone calls (a priority for me), but good access to Internet and multiple email accounts.  Now use my phone for many other things besides phone calls.  Buying through Amazon a great choice: arrived quickly and one call to Verizon to get set up on my account, and saved $30 over Verizon price.  I would definitely get this phone again.

Major deal breaker.  This phone has amazing features and is ready for the future, except for this one unacceptable downgrade

I loved the versatility of the operating system and the ability to just use the phone as a tablet. But, it was unusual to turn on with the controls in back. I only had it for 2 weeks (ended up sending it back) and in that time, it became harder and harder to wake the phone out of sleep, especially if you had left it asleep for a while.  It ran fine otherwise but if you couldn't wake it up, how do you use it? The Verizon rep, who owned the same phone, said he also sometimes had problems getting it out of sleep mode. So I  loved the phone and hated it at the same time.

By far. The best phone on the market. In my humble opinion. Fast. Easy to use. Customizable. Great camera. Came from an iPhone 5. This phone is keeps and bounds better.

Bought a G2 at a Verizon store today. Best phone on Verizon.First of all, I like the 5.2 inch screen , which seems to be a size between GalaxyS4 and GalaxyNote2. With long battery life.Tested some apps and internet Browser. Fast response/performance.Camera is also fast and clear (Optical image optimization).Lastly,Rear button approach is a bit odd in the beginning butI'm totally sold on the double-tap to unlock. No need to try to find rear button for the power switch.

Literally had the phone a week and with no physical or liquid damage the LCD just blacked out. The phone still makes noise and can vibrate but the LCD is out and luckily it was within the return window so I wasn't stuck with it for 2 yrs. I never should have switched from the Galaxy S3 to the LG G2. Not the first time something similar has happened with LG phones. However, Amazon does have a user friendly return window so I can not fault anyone but LG

Soon as this phone came out i went and brought it. I've owned it ever since. Ive seen alot of negative comments on here and to ne honest Im not shure if they own the same phone the LG-G2 from T-mobile has been the best phone ive ever had theres a ton of customization on it, its hands down the best looking flagship phone in my opinion shure the htc one has metal baking, note3 has leather, which my wife owns. And it is a great looking phone but the G2 just stands out to me alot better. It isnt as bright but this 5.2 inc display is crystal and its even better when you ad a glass screen protector. Ive dropped my phone at least a dozen times at home and at work screen neaver cracked. Its even better protected now that i have a otter box on it. I dont find my phone to be lagging any where. And ever since kitkat 4.4.2 came out my phone has gotten a hail of a lot faster than it already was, same with my battery life. I was a samsung guy until LG Just really took there phones to a nother level. For those of you looking to buy this phone just do it its a guaranty that you'll live it. I do however recommend that you buy it new from what ever Carrier your with.

UNBELIEVABLE SCREEN!!!This is a fabulous phone, great ease of use. there are so many features and so much technology, it will take you a moment or two to learn, but that's the same for any technology these days.excellent camera. nice build quality. excellent battery life.Did I mention the SCREEN IS AMAZEBALLS!?!?!GREAT SCREEN, gorgeous picture...I purchased the ditztronic case here on amazon for it, it's very snug with an excellent fit and finish.Did I mention the amazing screen yet? Camera is equally amazing.only negative, speakerphone clarity is mediocre. I have the Verizon model which only has one speaker for the speakerphone, ATT/Sprint/Tmobile all reportedly have two smaller ones. Either way, this thing rocks.

This is one of the most difficult reviews I have had to write on a product. The G2 is great and not so great all at the same time. I had a hard time deciding which phone to get and I spent hours in the Verizon store and Best Buy before finally dropping my cash on the G2. Undoubtedly the display on the G2 is in my opinion is far better than the other flagship phones out there and it is ultimately why I chose this phone. The internal specs speak for themselves and I can say that the G2 lives up to the hype as it is lightning fast and everything opens and loads quickly. On the flipside, I felt the software and UI were sub-par and the Knock-On to turn on the screen was sporadic at best and totally necessary with the button layout. The button layout definitely didn't work for me either, but a large part of the problem with the button layout was Verizon's tweaking of the design and the fact that the Knock-On rarely worked as advertised. Below are the different features in more detail and what was great and what was not so great.Display = GreatI am not going to the list the specs of the display, I am just going to say that next to the S4 and Droid MAXX (the two other phones I considered) the G2 display looked far superior. The G2's display was sharp and crisp with really nice true colors, not too cool and not too warm, just right. The lack of a noticeable bezel just adds to the beauty of the display.Build Quality = OKI have read reviews online about the great build quality of the G2, but honestly the back is made up of cheap glossy plastic and compared to the MAXX, the G2's build quality was inferior.  Having said that it is seamless plastic and once you put a case on it you won't see the plastic anyway. But, the MAXX was certainly superior to both the G2 and S4.Camera = OKThe G2 camera is not nearly good as I expected. While fully customizable for more serious smartphone photographers, if you just want to pick up the phone and take a picture you will be severely disappointed. While I have been able to take some really nice macros, indoor, and outdoor pictures with the G2, it required manual adjustment of the camera. While I like being able to adjust everything from brightess to ISO, sometimes I just want to take the phone out and snap a quick shot and unfortunately that just doesn't work. Quite frankly the IA (intelligent auto as LG calls it) is a complete failure and really hindered what is an otherwise top notch smartphone camera. The camera itself is capable, just poorly executed with bad software. Don't even attempt to take a video as the camera jitters and constantly refocuses.Software and UI = BadThis was the killer for the G2. The Knock-On just doesn't work most of the time and it is a necessary feature since the button to wake the phone is on the back. The stock mail and message apps just don't live up to expectations either. Yes you can go to the Play Store and get your own apps to run this stuff, but it really feels like LG just didn't put much thought into the software side of things. The Notification and settings pulldown is just a mess until you remove the Q-Slide Apps, but even then the blank Q-Slide area just sits there taking up valuable space which could be used for useful features. Verizon and LG have decided to fill your phone up with unremovable bloatware as well, which just further enhances my dislike for the software. You can disable most of it, but it is time consuming and really frustrating that they are taking up valuable storage space on a phone with no SD slot.It is not all bad though; the screen animations are smooth and look great. There are four styles of screen animations. You can run some high quality live wallpapers with animations maxed and it runs and looks great. It is really easy to customize folders and app icons with just the stock LG software.Hardware = Really GoodThe spec sheet says it all, Snapdragon 800, Adreno 330 Graphics, 2Gb Ram, good battery life, etc... There is no doubt the G2's internals are top notch. Apps and games look and run great. The first game I downloaded was Real Racing 3 and it loaded and ran smooth and fast and certainly looked great on that display. I get good 4G reception everywhere and my Wi-Fi range has increased dramatically. My local Starbucks' Wi-Fi is horrible and usually I just use my 4g in there. However, the first time I went in there with my G2 I noticed I could pick up the Verizon Store Wi-Fi and was able to use it while sipping on my coffee. What is truly amazing is that the Verizon store is on one end of the mini mall and the Starbucks is on the other and sandwiched in between is a Jimmy Johns and Cold Stone Creamery, so no doubt the Wi-Fi has some range. It's not all good though. The built in speakers are tinny and just plain bad. Even listening to calls on the speaker is horrible. Everything sounds muffled and voices really tinny. I don't expect anything great from smartphone speakers, but the G2 speakers border on unusable. Connections with an aux cable are equally bad and sound just doesn't come through very good. Ironically, the Bluetooth works great for both music and calls. I am not sure how that's possible other than cheap internal connections to the speaker and aux port, but listening to the same music through Bluetooth and the aux cable, the Bluetooth wins hands down. Finally, the Verizon version includes the ability to wirelessly charge your G2, something not available on other versions.Edited 11/20/2013It turns out the speakers lack of quality sound is due to the fact that the Verizon version does not have the stereo speakers found on every other version of the phone. I would guess that is the reason for the poor aux audio quality as well. The quality speakers were replaced to make space for the wireless charging. Nice job Verizon!Design = OKThe front of the phone is an absolute winner with the bezelless display and beautiful screen. No physical buttons on the side or front add to the clean crisp look. Unfortunately, Verizon had to brand the G2 on front near the ear hole and take away somewhat from the clean look. LG also branded the phone on the bottom of the front, but it looks ok as it is centered and not too large. The back of the phone is simply cheap glossy plastic and the unique button combo on the back. Using the back buttons on the non-Verizon version is actually not a horrible experience, it is a rocker switch and the power button can be found easily. However, Verizon has sacrificed the original design, I would guess to add the wireless charging capability, and put cheap metallic plastic buttons that are indistinguishable to the touch and impossible to use without flipping the phone over to see what you are pressing. While it is a relatively large phone, I have no problem holding it with one hand and it feels good to hold. Small hands will definitely have an issue though, but it comes with the territory if you want a 5.2" screen. LG has done about as good as you could do to make the phone usable at this size.Overall = OKLG designed a spectacular and beautiful phone, but they should have spent a little more time on the interface, software, and could have used nicer materials in regards to the body of the phone. Much of what I don't like with this phone is due Verizon with the button change on the back, bloatware, and their ugly badge on the front of the phone. This phone can handle anything from a hardware standpoint and you can easily customize your home screen. The camera software stinks and unless you want to spend time setting up every shot, this isn't a very good smartphone camera experience.It was a hard decision, but I have returned my G2 and will be looking elsewhere. The big killer for me was the camera functionality and the buttons on the Verizon version. I am stuck with Verizon due to coverage, so I am thinking the Droid Maxx might be my choice. I really wanted to like this phone, but in the end the interface was just a miss and ruined what could have been the phone to have.

The phone is actually terrible. I've already had to have it replaced twice because of problems with the phone. The first one after one month would lock me out while in the middle of using the phone and refuse to lock at other times. The replacement after 4months began to freeze and give me a gray screen so that I couldn't do anything on the phone. After 2 days, the next replacement's data no longer worked on the phone. You can imagine the frustration every time you switch a phone and have to transfer all your pictures, etc. that were one the phone. I wouldn't recommend anyone to get this phone. Throughout the process, I've also had the 'pleasure' of wasting hours of my life with Verizon customer service. Throughout it all, in addition to learning that the LG G2 is a terrible phone, I've also learned that VERIZON CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRID. Their employees are not well-informed about company policy and the company does not work to cover its mistakes. Basically, what I received from them in the end was an 'oh well, there's nothing else we can do for you.'My advice = don't get the G2 and if you're with Verizon, switch companies before they screw you too.

I had used my iPhone 4S for two years. I loved the 4S and I never had an issue with it. When it came time to get a new phone, I wanted something that met the following; larger screen, better battery, and nice camera. I'm typically pretty loyal to Apple because I've never had problems with their products and their integration is very user-friendly and easy to maintain. That said, like many users and investors, I wasn't blown away by the 5S during the keynote.After going to various stores, I played around with the iPhone5S, HTC One, MotoX, Note2 and GS4. In two years, it's amazing how far phones have come. You really can't go wrong with any of these phones, though I found the MotoX to be lacking the most out of the group. If I hadn't chosen the G2, it would have been the S4 (just couldn't bring myself to buy Samsung). I chose the G2 because the screen is incredible. It's a massive HD screen, but it doesn't really feel like a &#34;phablet&#34; like the Note. The battery life is also extremely impressive. I've had the phone on full brightness and gone over two days without needing to charge it. On 60% brightness you can easily get through three days. The largest gripe I've read/heard about this phone is the power button being placed on the back of the phone. I agree, it's kind of strange and I still have a hard time hitting the correct button when I try to power off the phone. Luckily, there is an easy way around it. The &#34;knock-on&#34; feature is a game changer. When I bought the phone I thought it was more of a gimmick, but after using it consistently I've completely forgotten that there is a power button on the back. Just change the settings to turn off the device after &#34;x&#34; amount of seconds and you really don't need to have any buttons on this phone.I was nervous about switching to an Android device after using iOS, but the switch is pretty easy and Android has become much more user-friendly in the last couple of years. I know a lot of people are in the same position I was after the last iPhone debut. I'm thrilled with my purchase and I'd highly recommend giving this phone a look.

So far so good. Definitely a huge improvement over my iphone! The screen is crazy vivid, and the phone is quick!

While on the search for a new phone in November 2013, 3 phones came as front runners, the HTC One, iPhone 5s and LG G2.  After looking through all the reviews, and trying them out I picked LG G2 because of its overall performance and battery life.  I think the iPhone 5s is the best in pretty much every category except in screen size, customization and battery life.  Personally, the battery life is what swayed me because I see many iPhone users carrying around their charger and I simply did not want to do that or have my battery die on me.  So far, I've been able to use this phone 1.5 to 2 days without a charge.  Using GPS will greatly diminish this number.  If the HTC One was updated with a stronger processor, I might have gotten that, but the LG G2 just had the power and speed I was looking for.One issue that I have with this phone is the power and volume button placement.  It's a little awkward in the back and sometimes I'm scrambling to lower the volume, though having a case makes it a tad bit easier to find.  A big misstep on Verizon's part is the similar feel that the power button has with volume.  There are more times I confuse the buttons because of this.  I think the other carrier's implementation of those buttons are better.I like the &#34;knock on&#34; feature, so the power button hasn't been a big issue for me.  The Qslide is nice and the Slide Aside seems like a gimmick.  It would have been nice to see a &#34;Recent Apps&#34; front touch button like the Nexus, but I'm wondering if Google is just keeping this to their own phones.  I only mention this because it takes a bout 2 seconds of holding down the home touch button to get the recent apps.All in all, I love this phone and I don't regret getting it.

I love my new smart phone. The G2 had good ratings and is living up to it. This is my first smart phone, and I find it easy to learn and use.

The phone came in almost instantly. I had trouble activating it but after some amazing customer service i had it settled. It did need a new sim card but every town has a verizon store and it was very simple. Phone is activated and working amazing.

This phone is less expensive but is one of the best out there (still). I love the back power switch, which naturally sits at finger tips, awesome design. Screen is very crisp and is visible even on direct sun light. It is light for the screen size and battery last almost two days for moderate use. It is fast. The only concern is it is made of plastic (like most androids) and is finger prints magnet. But I use cases on all my phones, so it is a less of a concern. Camera is decent with 13 meg. Comes with 32 gig memory. All in all very happy and will pick this one among available android phones today.

I'm on my second new G2 bought here as a $.01 holiday deal. I had the exact same problem with both of them... and it's not coincidental.The problem: the phone restarts after unlocking it to check a text or email... maybe to check on anything, but that's generally when it happens. Sometimes it restarts 2 or 3 times before finally settling down long enough to use it.Neither Verizon nor Amazon claim to know of any others with the same issues, but a quick google search reveals numerous complaints of the same thing in Oct this year, so the largest companies that do what they do should have an idea of it too, don't you think? I read one post-er claiming this started for him after updating the gmail app. After he uninstalled the gmail updates his phone stopped restarting. Utterly ironic for an Android, If this is what's actually wrong.Out of the box, this particular phone's screen would sort of pass out (like those college boys who undergo facial sharpie &#34;art work&#34;) when engaging the actual phone. If the phone rang, the passed out screen wouldn't allow me to answer it. If I made a call, I couldn't click on the speaker phone. When I called voicemail, I was unable to enter my passcode... you get the idea... I could use it for everything except being a phone. My first returned phone didn't have this problem. A hard reset about an hour after I activated it seemed to have fixed this problem, but who knows if that screen will get a little tipsy again.Otherwise, this phone is as stellar as they come. Amazon returns center was super happy to replace the first phone I contacted them about. When I contacted them about this one, they said they don't replace the same kind of phone twice. Maybe that's a good policy, maybe these phones aren't exactly &#34;broken&#34; but are just having a spout with some app. It would be in everyone's best interest to figure all of this out though. Until then, Amazon should keep sending me phones until I get one that works as it should.As for me, I'm not sure if I will keep it and possible be stuck for 2 years with an irritating phone that doesn't do what I tell it to the first time; or return it to get my penny back but more importantly release my from Verizon's 2 year phone probation. This has also prompted me to look further into Amazon's warranty and return situation in general... embarrassingly, I don't know about them. If the uninstall gmail updates works for now, but does something wonky in a few months, or next year... then what?Was anyone else besides me lured into this penny deal? Unfair if your phones don't restart all day long like mine do :)

I switched to this device on the recommendation of a friend-- as far as I know, he's still happy with his. I have already switched to another device.Pros: Display is very nice-- higher res, crisp, lots of room on homescreen for widgets and icons.Cons:--No card slot.--Battery not removable.--Button placement is stupid-- a big deal was made of the intuitive design, but for some reason, this was changed for the Verizon version. I have used the phone for 60 days and still find the buttons non-intuitive. I have seen the real G2 (non-Verizon) and its buttons are better designed, but I still find that placement stupid.--Hates even the most standard of chargers. Will refuse to charge, or insist on slow charging with nearly all standard chargers (it throws a message saying so).--Heats up easily, without much going on on the phone. If it gets too warm, the touch screen will stop responding properly. (Two rounds of Scramble with Friends shouldn't cause that).--For all the hype made of the sound, I use the phone with headphones constantly, and CPU activity bleeds into the sound-- I can hear the CPU/GPU whirring away.--Very poor performance as a phone (not sure if this is an LG G2 problem, or a Verizon problem). Text messages get stuck sending, phone frequently goes to 0 service in my house, out and about in town, I usually have to place phone calls twice in a row (recipients complain of receiving call that has no voice-- just static).--OH, the camera! For a camera touted as professional grade, etc., it is AWFUL. It's VERY slow to launch or acquire. It's almost impossible to grab a picture at the moment I want it. Flash settings aren't retained (always defaults back to off, even if left on Auto). Under controlled circumstance, it could probably grab great pictures. Unfortunately, for every situation that I need a camera, it's a complete deal-breaker.

I received this phone, which I thought was new, and it did not work. The phone had difficulty being activated, and once it was activated, it did not work properly. This phone turned on and off randomly or would randomly freeze. I returned it and will be purchasing the same phone from the Verizon store, so that if I have any problems they can swap it out for a new one.

After 3.5 yrs I decided to move out of Apple iPhone. I would suggest this phone if u r a first time Android or Smartphone user. Thanks to good battery life, bright screen, 5.2 big screen, double tap unlock, especially thinner bezel, fastest processor(seriously awesome), single click Camera open (from long press down button), one would love this phone.If you arent worried abt No Sd lot (only 32 gb internal) and back side buttons(which I liked it as an alternative for side buttons bcoz in any way u will have a finger at the back while holding it), I would suggest this phone.Drawback: The only drawback I could see is: Using back buttons to reduce the volume while video is streaming. I hope there should be an alternative for this.

Awsome first smartphone,Screen size great, both Amazon and LG have been excellent with tech support.Would and have strongly reccomended LGG2 to other perspective cellphone shoppers.

Great display, cool phone, but for some reason the YouTube videos keep crashing. This is very annoying as I use YouTube a lot. The charger has stopped working, but could that be my socket? Also, once it has run out of charge it takes ages for the phone to come back to life.Otherwise an okay buy but for the money, I would have expected impeccable functioning. The manufacturer would do well to look into these flaws.

I'm coming from the iOS world. I had an iPhone for a long time and really liked it. I always considered it the best smart &#34;phone&#34;. As a phone, I think the iPhone is a great choice. But let's face it, Most people are using their phones for a lot more. And to me, that means screen real estate. In that regard, the iPhone is like a kids toy compared to the G2. An entire iPhone, with most cases, doesn't even cover the screen!The Android operating system is also very robust. And fun. I've really enjoyed learning all that it can do and I'm sure I'm a long ways away from mastering it. In the meantime, I don't miss a single app that is available from  the iTunes store. Anything that you can do on an iPhone you can do on this phone.... I think.I wish LG had made the volume switches a little easier to discern on the back. Putting them there is much more natural and all phones should go this way. But I find myself having to look at them sometimes. It's getting better but a bigger bump in the middle would help. Do not over value this deficiency. It's really not that big of a deal. And it's more than made up for by the knock knock feature. The phone will wake up when you tap the center of the screen. It's actually only about 50% reliable on the first 2 or 3 taps but it always works eventually. Sometimes it takes 2, sometimes 5, whatever. Again, no big deal either way and it's a really cool feature.The only place I give props to the iPhone is the power connector. As do a lot of phones these days, this one uses a mini USB. It feels flimsy and it IS flimsy. I don't think this connector design was thought of as a frequently plug and unplug connector. Advice: get the cordless charger.As to the size: I was pretty nervous about it being too big. I am relieved to say that LG has done an amazing job getting this much screen into this size package. It's simply fantastic. Now that I'm familiar with this size cell phone I almost wish I had gotten one bigger. But just in case you're worried about this as an issue, I would say day to day it works great. Fits in shirt pocket perfectly and is easy to hang on to; easy to hang onto with a case that is. This is the slipperiest phone I've ever touched. You will need a case just to hold on to it.So, not perfect. No phone is. But amazing nonetheless. I love this phone and hope it lasts for the term of my contract.I bought it for $0.01 from Amazon and got my Verizon plan through Amazon. Truly the way to go as they have more plans than Verizon themselves.

Pros-1. Excellent performance. Incredibly fluid and pleasant experience.2. Very long battery life.3. Nice big display. Excellent for watching videos on the go.4. Camera is excellent. Almost as good as a regular point and shoot.5. 32 GB of internal storage.6. The buttons on the back are great once you get used to them.Cons-1. Can be difficult to operate with one hand.2. Software bugs.3. No MicroSD card slot or removable battery.4. Quick Remote can be much better.5. LG launcher could be better.6. It is a fragile fingerprint magnet if you don't use a cover.Having used the LG G2 as my primary phone for the last 2 months and a half I think it is enough time to write a fairly competent review of my experience. My experience with the device has been very pleasant. I love the phone, but as with any other electronic device it has its pros and its cons. I will explain with more detail each of the above pros and cons below.Pros (continuation)1. Probably the single most important thing a smart phone needs to have is good performance. In this aspect this phone certainly delivers. It is fast, very fast. It will handle pretty much anything that you can throw at it. I currently have 1 live wallpaper running behind three home screens that have a total of 4 widgets. It still runs flawlessly. The transitions and animations are smooth and lag free. My previous phone was a Galaxy S3 and even though that phone was no slouch you can definitely tell the difference between the S3 and G2. I have seen the biggest improvement in the browser. The G2 is noticeably faster opening tabs and loading pages. It is also smoother when zooming in and out of web pages. As far as games are concerned I have not run many graphic intensive games. I do play a lot of Temple Run (my favorite game) and it runs with no problems.2. Battery life is often times the biggest weakness that a smart phone can have. That is not the case with the G2. Battery life is simply outstanding. I find it almost impossible to drain the battery with normal use in one day. For example, having use the phone for 14 hours today listening to podcasts and music, talking for about an hour, sending over 50 text messages and watching Netflix the battery is still at 60% before going to sleep. By the way, the screen brightness was at 75%. I absolutely hated having to always have to dim the screen in the S3 to have the battery last me a whole day. The only thing that takes a considerably amount of battery is the GPS. An hour using the GPS with full brightness will use about 25% of the battery. Not a big deal if you have a car charger though. Speaking of charging, this phone charges from 0-100% in two hours. Not bad at all for such a big battery.3. One of the most advertised aspects of this phone is its big beautiful display. There is no denying it is gorgeous. Absolutely great if you want to watch videos and pictures. Reading on the phone is comfortable. Colors are considerably toned down from the AMOLED displays on Samsung phones. The pixel count in the display is through the roof making texts incredibly sharp. I have not had any problems with burn in or flickering on the screen. Nothing more to say here, the screen is awesome.4. The camera of the phone is excellent by cell phone standards. There is no way it is going to replace a DSLR camera but it can replace a regular point and shoot. I have not used my regular point and shoot camera in the last two years. The LG G2 takes excellent pictures during the day and decent pictures at night. The pictures come out looking much better at night if you use the "night" mode on the camera app. But that can be a hassle when you are trying to take a picture quickly. LG has marketed OIS capabilities of the camera. Honestly, I see this having the biggest difference when I am taking videos. The videos definitely look less shaky than the ones in my S3. When it comes to taking pictures however I don't think it really does much though. If I am not careful I still get the occasional blurry picture.5. The phone comes with 32 GB of memory. You can only use about 24 GB out of the box. After installing all my apps, music, taking a ton of picture and videos I still have 12 GB left. The storage is not a problem in my opinion. It is a good thing the base configuration of the phone comes with 32 GB and not 16 GB.6. I got used to the buttons being on the back of the phone after a few hours. It just becomes second nature after that. I actually find the position really comfortable now. I laugh whenever somebody tries to turn on my phone and they spend half a minute trying to figure out how to turn it on. If you are hesitating on this phone because of the back buttons DON'T. They are really no big deal. You might actually like it after a while. Even if you still don't like the buttons on the back you can always use the knock knock feature. That way you don't even have to use them if you don't want to.Cons (continuation)1. The bad thing that comes with having such a big phone is that it makes it pretty difficult to use with one hand. It can get annoying when you are driving and trying to change a song quickly on the phone. I have small hands for a guy but they are not exactly tiny either. The phone itself is pretty thin and it definitely packs the biggest screen possible with the space it has. The borders are very small. Just keep in mind it is still a huge phone, not much smaller than the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. That is great for watching movies but a real pain in the behind if you like using the phone with one hand.2. Having use the G2 the last few months you can definitely tell that the LG software team is not up to par with its hardware. I have experienced a few bugs while using the phone. None of them a huge deal but annoying nonetheless. For example, the knock knock feature should be more like knock knock knock knock. You definitely have to tap more than once to get it to work at times. Also when the knock knock feature is On and I am going to put the phone in my pocket or lay it on a table the phone turns On for no apparent reason. The problem goes away if I turn the knock feature off. But by far the most annoying bug I have had has been with the messenger application. I have had to completely turn the notifications for text messages off. The phone will not turn off the screen if I have the notifications On. It happens with every single text message application on the market which makes me think it is a bug in the operating system itself and how it is handling these notifications.3. This phone has no removable battery or micro SD slot. Not that big of a deal for me but I know many people care about it. It might be a problem in a couple of years if the battery starts giving me any problems and I need to replace it. By that time I figure I have gotten a new phone though.4. I have tried the quick remote feature a few times now. It works with all my TVs and DVDs on my house. The set up was simple enough. The problem is that it just doesn't have nearly enough range and you have to point exactly straight at the device you are trying to operate. Often times it doesn't receive the command and you have to press it again, again, and again. Very irritating. It is definitely a feature I see using in case of emergency only if I ever lose or break the other remote controls. It is a real shame though because I can see how useful it is to have all your remotes in one.5. When you first get the phone it comes with the LG stock launcher. It is not bad but it is not nearly as good as some other launchers you see on the Play Store. The Nova Prime launcher has less clutter while having more features and customizations. There are no swipe shortcuts in the LG launcher, which is one of the reasons I like Nova Prime so much. The LG launcher is very similar to the Samsung Touchwiz in a lot of ways. When you swipe down the notification panel it has toggles for rotation, wifi, data, Bluetooth, GPS, airplane mode, quick remote, NFC and more. It also has volume and a brightness slide bar so you can adjust them. All of these features in the notification area are very useful but it would be very nice if you could have the option to take them away. You can't take them away which makes the notification feel cramped and cluttered.6. The final problem with the phone is that just like with a lot of phones a protective case is a must. The phone is fragile and it will definitely break if you drop it. Not only that, it is also fingerprint magnet. I had my phone two days before deciding it was a mistake to have it without a cover. The phone looks disgusting without a case. You can see the fingerprints from a mile away. The phone feels slippery without a case too. I ended up purchasing the Incipio Dual Pro case. It gives the phone a much better grip and minimizes fingerprints. It also offers very good protection while keeping the phone pretty slim. I highly recommend it.In conclusion, do I recommend this phone? I sure do. Overall, the phone is a fantastic devise. It is fast, has a nice screen and it takes good pictures and videos. The battery lasts all day which is a big plus in my opinion. Unfortunately I cannot it give 5 out of 5 because of all the cons I mentioned above. The biggest problem being the software bugs it has. To be fair though I don't think there is a single phone in the market that is worth 5 out of 5 stars. There just isn't. There is a lot of pretty impressive competition but you will always find fault with a product if you really want to look at it with an objective view. I really hope this review helped you decide whether this phone is right for you. If you are in the market for a new phone keep an open mind and go to the store to try different phones. There are other options besides Apple and Samsung phones and the LG G2 is certainly worthy competition.

I love this phone.  I can listen to audio books, or music for 8 hours at work via bluetooth, and still have battery life left.  It charges fast too.  Talk to text seems to work much better with this phone then my old Samsung Charge.  The camera works well too.  Rear power switch is taking a little getting used to, but you can tap on the screen to turn it on also.  I am very pleased with this phone, and would recommend it to others.

Pros: The phone is incredibly fast, the screen is beautiful and the battery lasts all day easily.Cons: The buttons are bit odd, I knew about that before I got the phone so I do not count that towards the one-star review. I bought the phone 3 months ago, and the headphone jack stopped working, and the top 1/3 of my screen does not activate on touch. The phone never felt sturdy, and I was warned that LG was not a quality brand. The phone looked so nice that I wanted to give it an honest shot. To make matters worse, LG will not cover the cost of shipping and expects me to go without a phone while the factory figures out what is wrong with mine. Its only been 3 months!!!! and none of these problems are due to misuse or negligence. It has been in a case since I first got it, and the headphone jack has been rarely used.Bottom line: nice phone, terrible build-quality and bad support.I would not buy this phone again, it doesn't matter how awesome the phone is if it doesn't last more than 1/8th of the way through my 2 year contract.

GORGEOUS phone with the huge screen, it is in between Samsung 4 and Samsung Galaxy note 3!Very impressive features. When you 'd get a text message it makes an announcement for you who it is from and etc.FASTEST! PROCESSOR EVER! WATCH ANYTHING YOU WANT! BATTERY LIFE IS * * * * * FIVE STAR!IT DOES NOT LET YOU DOWN! ALL DAY LONG,THE BEST ANDROID PHONE I HAVE EVER OWN!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

its fast,love the controls on the back&not on the side,the battery life is great&the processor is really fast...takes great pictures

Couldn't be happier. LG did an amazing job on this phone. For a screen this size, it's surprisingly light weight. Yet it feels very well made. Also the phone itself isn't hardly any bigger than others that have a smaller screen.Camera takes Excellent pics. Screen is crisp and sharp. 32 gb onboard storage is a big Plus.I've yet to find any cons. It is missing FM radio. But I didn't use it that much when I had it anyway.

Much easier than dealing with Verizon directly in a store. They also wanted more money upfront / rebate to mess with. This was much better.

-Screen: Top tier. Previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy SII (GSII) and it seemed to have a blue tint when compared to an iPhone5 or my computer LCD. This screen is smooth and can go really bright, or really dim. Photos seem really clear, text is sharp and video looks fantastic. I have not had a problem with it being unresponsive to touch, even with screen protectors. Colors are more natural than with the old AMOLED screen, it is much easier to read in sunlight, and easier to take pictures in the day time because because visibility is a big plus.-Camera: As a part time photographer, my expectations are high when it comes to cameras, so I will compare in context to lower end cameras and other smartphones, not replacing a high end camera. The Auto mode on this is better than my GSII, and overall the photos are quite clear. The GSII seemed to have a slightly better auto focus, both for video and photos. In a recent high contrast situation where I never had a problem with the GSII, the focus was hunting on this G2 for two taps, I almost missed the moment. Eventually it got the right idea and took a great photo. A few minutes later, in easier lighting conditions, I took about 6 photos in a row, the last three came out not in focus. A new feature is the autofocus tracking that this camera can do. My GSII couldn't, so the LG seemed to get a good lock on faces/people in light conditions that were not too challenging. Most camera phones now have HDR photo, so although it is not unique to the G2, it is a nice upgrade from the GSII which lacked the feature. If you're upgrading from a 2+ year older device, you will probably notice the differences in tech that have appeared in this phone. It is probably good enough to leave a cheap digital camera at home, however, an enthusiast would still prefer his or her DSLR of choice when the moment matters.Size/Build Quality: On paper it seems like such a huge device, but in the hand, it is slightly heavy but I have no complaints. The size has not been an issue when coming from an older 4.5&#34; screen device with way more bezel. I have lots of friends who are scared of plastic phones. My naked GSII survived numerous drops on asphalt and concrete with chips in the plastic and nothing broken. Naked iPhones that get dropped on hard surfaces usually don't fare as well in my friend's experience. This time, I will put the G2 in a case because I feel like I got overly lucky with the old phone not being destroyed by me dropping it. Love the headphone jack is on the bottom. It is an inconvenience to use the phone in the car with wires pointing in opposite directions when charging (Bluetooth would solve this, I know), and when on trips and using headphones while charging in my pocket, the wires come out the same direction. Love the no buttons on the edges. If I ever showed friends a video, they almost always grabbed the edge with the power button and turned off the phone, or held down one of the volume buttons. No more of that. No complaints about the buttons on the back, except I wish they were more spaced out or larger and farther away from the camera lens. A few mm or 1/4 inch would help tons. I hope they move this on future models.-Software/Apps: I understand LG is trying to keep up with the Jones's and want to put anything and everything possible into the phone. So just judging the stock LG UI and the Samsung UI from the GSII, the Samsung had some nice quick shortcuts, the LG has some new to me shortucts... I wish they would let us go to stock and let us choose from the options they provide. However, I would give a nod to Samsung in the usefulness of their contacts and that it looked more like the phone was supposed to have the options, and the LG seems much plainer and starts to bring back memories of the Palm Pilot days, simple and straight forward and not as nice as the Samsung. The biggest LG improvement seems to be the adjustment of brightness and volume from the edges of the screen while playing a video file full screen. The animations are ok, there are more choices than the old Samsung, but I'm sure the newer Samsungs have lots of choices as well. I have been using the remote control app, works well enough. The KnockOn is a fine alternative to the power button, and the night mode to keep the phone silent is great. I know recent Samsung devices have lots of new features as well, so it may not be fair to compare my old phone to the new one, but the old one had some time saving shortcuts. Overall, it takes some investigating to find all the new tricks and tips of the new phone and since I am that kind of person then I will take the good with the bad and say that those who care will choose their own launcher or get a Nexus 5 and be done with it.-MISC: Madden 25 looks like a whole different game than on the GSII, loads faster, and takes up more space. The 32GB is thankfully in one partition, unlike my GSII which required apps/games be in a tiny 2GB partition. Huge fail there. microSD card slot for tons of music and games, but it kept running out of space even when I attempted to move the apps over. Then the SD card slot itself failed so no cards work in it. So I don't mind Google pushing OEMs to not use removable SD card slots, but hope future version are available in 64 and 128GB sizes. 5Ghz AC wifi works fantastic. Not much of a speed difference between the farthest point in my house and in the same room as the router (or my house is not that big). Verizon device seems to have one speaker on the bottom, if you need better sound you should either 1) Design a .25&#34; speaker that sounds better 2) Bring headphones or one of many high quality portable bluetooth speakers now one the market 3) Change your expectations on phone speakers. Verizon 4G LTE is significantly better than the Sprint WiMax I used to pay for, which I could spend hours describing, but will shorten it to say that battery life on this LTE device is worlds better than older models like the Droid Charge and that my home market has very poor Sprint coverage and good VZW LTE coverage, YMMV. Wireless charging (Qi) works fine, since they are a bit more expensive I will get one when I find a good deal, but I brought the phone into the VZW store to have them show me that it worked and it was fine, even through a number of cases they had in stock. There is a bit of fine tuning where on the charger you need to put it, unlike the old Palm Pre which just snapped into place (with magnets) on the charger base. Like most Verizon android phones, it has lots of Verizon branded apps which can't be uninstalled, nor will I find use for.-Overall: Very happy with the upgrade, the physical phone is nice, the software is taking more getting used to than the buttons on the back for me. It is fast, the Snapdragon 800 is doing wonders when paired with LG's battery density tech they talked about. I'm sure many more people would be happy G2 owners if they stopped to look at it. I am removing one star for the somewhat crude appearance of the LG UI skin (when compared to stock android or Samsung UI). It seems like they will improve as time goes on, but this isn't their first android phone. I think it is fair to expect a lot when you buy a top tier phone, since phones I have used from Apple and Samsung had more &#34;polish&#34;. The software complaints I have may seem like I am unsatisfied, but it was mainly the initial &#34;oh, I guess that shortcut was Samsung only.... oh, I guess that only works on Samsung devices.... oh...I miss that shortcut...&#34; that has caused my complaints. After a few days of usage, I have adjusted to the differences and the look. As long as the battery holds up for the next two years, then I'll be a happy G2 camper.-Quick notes about the battery: Professional reviews have pointed out that Korean versions of this phone have a removable battery, but a smaller one, 2600mah versus the 3000mah on the American version. I am hoping the battery survives 2 years of heavy usage.Bottom line is that it is fast, powerful and a great device with tons of features. User interface snobs will look elsewhere or choose their own skins. Now that the device is aging in the refresh cycle some great deals can be had, so for the price of a low end phone, this power house is a great deal. Battery life sets the current standard for android phones and the screen is difficult to fault, even if you put it side by side with all the latest phones.

Phone has a beautiful screen and battery life is phenomenal. Out of the three android phones that i owned in the past, this is the best android phone i owned. Will recommend to anyone that wants an android phone.

I've been using this phone for 2 months and I'm very pleased. This was my second smartphone, having once owned a Samsung Omnia several years ago. I've watched family members using a Samsung Galaxy III and a Motorola Droid Bionic and struggle against the interfaces, effectively forced to resort to 3rd party software in order to achieve the customization they wanted. I've not had that problem with the G2. It does by default what their phones didn't, such as fully rotating home screens and adding as many home screens as I please. By and large, the existing customization for the UI has been enough. The only adjustment I made was the download of additional widgets to view my fav contacts, email, and messages on a home screen.The battery life surpasses their phones as well. With light phone use, 1 or 2 calls and opening one app on and off over the course of the day, the battery only drains about 15%. I was able to skip charging for several days without a problem. I was prepared to micromanage the battery, but soon stopped bothering. I simply press and hold the Home button and clear apps occasionally during the day at this point.It's lightning fast. During a recent roadtrip, my G2 was the default navigation device because it was consistently faster to pull up Google map information than both my husband's and my father's phones. Scrolling between home screens is very quick. Sometimes it's a little sluggish after having just woken up the phone, but even then it's still faster than phones my family uses.The speakerphone works great. I'm used to phones which still needed to be held near one's mouth when using speakerphone. With this, I can leave it on my computer desk and talk while I type and am heard clearly by the person on the other end of the call.I've quickly gotten used to the lock and volume buttons on the back. In fact, I've found myself at a loss as to how to unlock other phones now that I am used to tapping on the screen. I've not found that I bump the buttons unintentionally. It does sometimes take come feeling around to make sure I'm pressing the correct button when I'm not looking, though I've had that problem with phones that had their volume buttons next to the lock button down the side, too.One odd quirk is that it gets very, very hot when running one game. Not all games or apps. Minecraft runs great without overheating, for instance. But it quickly becomes uncomfortable to hold flat against my palm after 10 minutes of running Farmville. No other app produces this problem. It isn't a product of having a case on it, either. And it doesn't overheat to the point of the app or phone itself failing. It's just uncomfortable to hold. So if you're a Farmville fiend, maybe this is an important flaw to you. Otherwise, it's barely noteworthy.Sometimes I've struggled with using the included cord to plug in the phone to my computer. It will not recognize the phone and prompts me to use the cord that came with the phone... which IS the one I'm using. Unplugging the cord from the phone and then replugging it is enough to resolve the problem. I can't say if this is an issue with the phone's software or Windows, as I've only had this problem on systems using Windows 7.I'll also add that I wish it had a MicroSD slot just for the sake of it. I use my phone as my portable MP3 player and it would be nice to be able to swap out music and pictures with a removable card. But I've not come close to filling the storage space, so it isn't an absolute necessity.None of my complaints are deal breakers, though. Friends and family have all been surprised that it's as fast and powerful as it is given that it doesn't get nearly the same press coverage that the Apple and Galaxy phones do. In fact, I've raved about this phone so much that my husband is upgrading to the LG G2 from his Motorola today. Given that it's comparable to the Galaxy S5 but is a fraction of the price, it's an example of how tech media hype isn't actually reflective of the quality of the phone.

I read several critiques of several different phones before buying this one; I finally chose it because I have had great luck with LG phones in the past, and there are criticisms--sometimes very harsh criticisms posted for every phone on the market. My experience has been that LG makes a very good, very intuitive product that is very reliable. I should say that I am not a gamer; I use my phone to communicate and to get information--news, weather, calendar, directions, etc. I have now had my LG G2 for about a month and am very happy with it. IMHO, the critics are either terrible nitpickers or wrote their reviews before learning the phone's full capabilities.  The camera just great, too. One tip: the &#34;knock-knock&#34; feature to wake up the phone is a little misleading--I assumed the title meant that you should rap it sharply with your knuckle. This does not work well; too strong. Instead, I found that you merely need to tap it twice with a fingernail and it wakes up. Also, it took me a while to adjust to swiping the phone icon to answer the phone, rather than tapping the icon. Anyway, I love the phone and am happy to recommend it.
