
i just received this phone (ordered 2 days ago...amazing free delivery.)  It was recommended by a Sprint phone rep including directing me to the Amazon site for the one cent deal.  I then brought it to a Sprint store where they activated and downloaded from my old phone.  After the buy-back rebate for my old phone, a case and screen protector for my new phone, I am $2.50 to the good including activation.  I love Sprint.

It's a very pretty phone.  But the performance of this phone is not good; it do not keep a charge, it freezes and the apps are not that good.  So other than it's been a pretty red phone it's not worth it

All in all it's a good phone. I'm a big HTC fan as is. Coming from having an HTC One X +, this phone is close in comparison, but doesn't match up. The 32Gb memory limits me from what I had gotten used to (64Gb). Having a faster processor that doesn't overheat, I expected to be able to use all the apps I had on my other phone as well, but that wasn't the case. Some of the apps I had grown to love had too much lag with this phone to be able to use. Some of the basic functions, mainly the alarm clock, disappeared with no known reason. In order to fix the glitches, I would have to factory reset the phone, which I am not willing to do at this point.  All in all it is a very good phone. And I may have been spoiled by my previous phone which I absolutely loved, but truth is I do have one to compare this to. After the beyond meeting of my expectations on the One X +, I definitely expected more out of HTC for the One.

I got away from my iPhone because of the size of the font. The HTC One had all the features I wanted, but alas, I'm back to a tiny font and NO visibility of the screen in daylight. HTC has an adjustment for font, but it only scales up the name of the phone number dialed. Gee, guys, I had hoped for more.

Well I been brought my phone in February an I'm just using it but it works fine and have a lot of features

I had no problem, I like this phone, I got it online for a better price than in the store. save lots of money

I will start by saying it is a nice looking and feeling phone. If you don't have a case on it, though, you probably will drop it a lot since the aluminum case is very slick. I'm not much into social media so the blink feed is a waste of a home page. Fortunately you can change the home screen if you do not like or use it.I have been a Sprint customer for over 10 years and this is the worst phone I have ever owned. I upgraded from an HTC 4G LTE which I liked more than any phone I can remember in quite some time. BUT, I was eligible for an upgrade and read all of the great reviews of the HTC One and really liked the red. I also had the opportunity to sell my 4G to a friend for $200 and purchased this HTC One from Amazon wireless for $120 so how could I go wrong?The phone will not stay connected to Sprint's network. I live literally 2 blocks from a Sprint 4G tower. I never had issues with my 4G LTE and my fiance never has issues with her Samsung S4. Her phone stays on 5 and 6 full bars on 4G while mine, right next to hers, will do from 5 bars of 4G to 1 bar then switch to 3G then drop my data connection altogether. I have taken it to 2 different repair centers, one of which was a corporate store, and they said nothing was wrong with it. One store told me it's Sprint's towers and that the tower by my house has had issues and had a ticket open on it. Hard to believe since the other Sprint phone in my house doesn't have issues. They also said since they turned off the Nextel towers they have had issues all over my area.I could go on but the point is that I have not had a good experience with this phone and if I hadn't sold my 4G LTE and traveled out of town for 2 weeks right after I got this phone, I would have returned it when I got back to town. Oh well. When my contract is up I will be changing carriers.

Awesome phone great color. I have a silver one and got this one for my girlfriend. It's the best one I have ever owned.

This phone is awesome!!! The sound is great and the picture is wonderful! I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Great cam with easy to use features for great pics, great sound, easy to navigate through the phone, & nice looking phone.

I don't know where to start.The screen is amazing, pixels are invisible.The camera shutters are really quick.The feel of the full Metal body of it is great,and its really fast too.The only thing I'd recommend more, is the intl. GSM  version.

Great Phone.

I'm loving my new HTC One. A good looking phone that handles all my mobile phone needs. The beats sound system is a dream for me cause I use my phone to listen to my music while working out at the gym or around the house. So far so good. I'll be happy with this phone for years to come or until they stop upgrading it!

Best HTC phone ever. I love the Dre Beats audio. The headphones are on point. The operating system is brilliant. The phone is sturdy. And best of all, it's red. I love it!

These phones have speaker issues. We have gone through THREE of these phones. ALL of them have had functional issues. The first 2 both had the external speakers die within the return period. Thankfully we were able to return them and get a new one through Amazon! This one, the actual phone mic went bad. Try making/answering a call with a bad mic. My husband had to switch to speaker phone constantly just so the caller could hear him. It was horribly frustrating to try to call him. Sadly it broke after the return period and HTC NEVER responded to my husband.I have never had such issues with a cell phone since my Startek. My first smartphone was a HTC and I loved it. It was easy to root and never had an issue with it. These were all a piece a junk. I am surprised how many people rave about it. We went through THREE of them. Maybe if it was just one we had an issue with I would have chalked it up as a fluke. But THREE of them? No way. My husband has sworn off HTC because of this and their lack of response to our complaints.

the biggest problem with this phone is battery life,  goes dead in less than a day and i don't even use it that much.  the other problem is the internal battery,  if that goes bad i would have to get a replacement phone  according to sprint and would cost me 150 dollars with their insurance plan, which sucks given the fact i only paid 10.00 for it to begin with.  they claim it is a new phone.

The phone is not LTE capable it says it is and is not I had to sell it because when amazon wanted to trade it for a new one they wanted me to return the one I was using and I didnt have a phone they wanted me to return mines and wait for them to send me a new one I need it a phone asap im very disappointed

I  have had lots of smart phones and this is number  one!!!!  Great pictures  and video!!  I will keep using the HTC when I upgraded again,,oh the battery life is amazing!!!!

The price was the real key in making this purchase. However one could not pass up the chance for an exclusive Hot Rod Red phone.

Incredible deal, Incredible phone, super fast shipping, super easy 1 step activation. #Happy #Solid #build #Quality #Best #Smartphone #Speakers #Hashtags

My favorite phone so far, nice seeing sprint put out updates in a reasonable time. Battery life is good, sound is great and the earbuds that come with the phone seem to be pretty high quality

I love this phone. Smooth graphics, responsive touchscreen, powerful computing in an adorable  sleek red case. I've had HTC phones in the past, and they just keep gettin better and better. I was ambivalent about the BlinkFeed at first, but it's the easiest way to see a wide variety of news and clips quickly. Ingenious!

Piece of junk. The battery on the htc one burned out twice on me. And by burned I mean smoke coming out of the micro usb charge port while it was charging.

Very comfortable, good displays, Android 4.4.2 worked great.WIFI, 3G and 4G data worked well.  Excellent audio sounds.Camera is good in low light.  Good choice over iPhone.

Better call coverage than my old HTC EVO.  I like the camera and the interface;  battery life is really good.  The only annoying feature is that pictures don't change orientation (from landscape to portrait) when I turn the phone screen.

Ease of use and activation. Not too bulky, great speakers & camera. I don't recommend otterboxdefender case it takes away from touch screen sensitivity

Great phone! Got it for my aunt for Xmas and she barely puts it down! Very fast and responsive, the boomdsound is a plus and HTC is finally getting better with update support. 4.4 coming soon!

This phone is THE ONE !  Beautiful , sleek , and flawless! Love it!  I recommend this phone to anyone wanting a super classy rival for  the galaxy and I-phone.

Very nice design. I got one in read. It looks very feminine and sophisticated. Great music player. Headphones are much better than what apple provides. But the interface looks uncomfortable, overloaded with features and frequently suggesting to get a google account witch is annoying. It' seams that google is everywhere nowadays.

Love it!  Great price superfast shipping...this phone ROCKS!!!  I cant belive how fast this thing is and connection is awesome on the LTE and 3G network.

Very little coverage and the bill is twice as much as I was expecting. The phone is not easy-to-use and the manual gives very little help

This is the best phone yet ! Every thing about it is beautiful, so worth the money. I think HTC is taking over now

This is my first android, I have so many great apps to keep me entertained and organized,it's a wonderful device

I simply love this phone! I also love the fact that I can choose other languages to text, since I mainly text in Portuguese... Love it! The battery however, could last longer, but I guess since some apps are so heavy, it's understandable that the battery's life is fast consumed.

I didn't know I could get this through Amazon. It came quickly and was a great price. The set up was a little misinformed, I really should have known better. You still have to call sprint.As for the phone, I love it! I had an evo and upgraded to a galaxy 2. I was never really impressed with the s2 and am very happy to be back in the htc universe. The phone is super responsive, easy to use, feels great and is fast. I can't imagine I'll have a problem with no expandable memory with all the cloud options. (Drop box comes with it plus picassa). Battery lasts all day and well into the evening with about 60 mins of talk and moderate data, pics and text. I did alot of reading and rereading and was prepared to spend $200. I'm still glad I bought this after 6 weeks.

I wish this phone was a half inch shorter and slimmer. But it is super fast; and the image and sound qualities are amazing!!!THE BAD NEWS: The HTC Sense UI is ugly and creates a lot of clutter. So I downloaded Novo Launcher to fix that until they can get that monstrosity under control. Other than that, the phone is amazing.

It is Great, very fast downloading applications. It is not so easy to save and share picture. Overall this device is great.

Build, feel, color, sophisticated, sleek, smooth, intelligent, useful, the envy of all my friends.. I could go on.  So I will.  Everyone that sees this phone asks &#34;what is that&#34; and &#34;WOW what an awesome phone&#34;, &#34;I wish the iphone looked and felt like that.&#34;  Aside from all that I love how this phone organizes me and makes life easier.  Isn't that what technology is supposed to do?  Love Love Love Sense 5.  Thank you HTC and Sprint, what a phone.  I was a HERO owner and then a HTC EVO 4g LTE, and now HTC ONE. HTC does not disappoint,.

The HTC One was definitely an upgrade from my previous phone, but thats not the reason why i love it.No.1 It's a super sleek designNo.2 The display screen is big bold, and crystal clear.No.3 Call quality/speakers are greatNo.4 The overall functionality of the HTC One is easy, and fun to use.

Awesome phone.  Has all the bells and whistles you would ever want. The ultimate in smartphone technology. You will not be disappointed.

Amazon and Sprint fail on Black Friday saleAmazon had the HTC One on Black Friday for a penny. Great, I thought! I have an HTC One, so does one of my kids and my wife is due for an upgrade. I placed the order. It was canceled with no explanation!I called Amazon support. At first glance they simply said it was rejected by Sprint due to a closed account. Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?I called Sprint. After listening to their awful hold music for about 10 minutes I actually got a live person. They were clueless and blamed Amazon saying that phone number is available for upgrade.What the heck, I placed another order to see if it would go through. Same thing. I called Amazon again. The second person at Amazon was a bit more persistent. She called Sprint and found the problem.Now for some back story. A few years ago I had a business account for myself that was about ten or so years old at the time. For my wife I had one of the original SERO accounts (a real cool bargain!). I got an idiot at Sprint and was talked into combining my accounts when I wanted to get a 3rd phone for one of my kids. My business account was qualified for up to five phones. Of course the SERO account was for one phone. The SERO account was closed and my wife's phone was transferred to my account that was converted to a Family plan. Both previous accounts were in my name and my credentials (SSN) were on both.Fast forward to Black Friday and I got bit in the ass with the closed account. When Amazon's system poll's Sprint with that phone number, my name and last 4 digits of my SSN Amazon'z system sees the closed account and not the current one. The screwy part is that Amazon's system first checked by phone number only and that shows good.OK, it is a database issue, this should not be too hard to fix. I called Sprint. After the usual frustration of dealing with a level 1 clueless bot, I got transferred to someone who had more than 1 brain cell. She took one look and said &#8220;I know how to fix this!&#8221;. She then put me on hold. After a few minutes the line went dead. I got disconnected!I waited an hour to see if I would get a call from Sprint. No call. I placed order number 3 with Amazon to see if this actually got fixed. Order canceled again.I went for a walk before I broke my keyboard.When I got back I called Amazon again. This guy was not going to quit until we fixed this. He tried all kinds of things at his end, called Sprint National Sales Support. We almost made progress there, but this is where it gets screwy. Since Amazon records all of their calls, I am not allowed to say my full SSN over the phone. This is where things get even screwier, Sprint national Support can't do squat without my full SSN!At this point I want to hurt someone. Bad!I called Sprint again. This time I got no argument from level 1 to transfer me. This guy at Sprint, at my insistence, tried to delete my old account. No go. Change or delete my SSN? Nope, can't do it. He puts me on hold. After about 20 minutes, the line goes dead!The guy at Amazon called me back (really!). I told him what I had done with Sprint and he said there was nothing more he can do at his end. He said he flagged the account for a follow up.It really does not matter now, the sale is over. I got screwed and I am pissed at both Amazon and Sprint.Amazon is at fault for having stupid people code their software. They are also at fault for not having a way to do this manually with Sprint's National Sales Support!Sprint is at fault for still actually using a full SSN number! And for having such an outdated and defective database that they cannot even delete a simple field to allow the transaction to complete.At this point, I have 4 phones with Sprint. I informed my family we will not be upgrading our phones so I can let the contract expire. This experience on top of Sprint now having the slowest damn network in the nation, I am done with them. I just cannot afford the ETF fees for 3 phones.Amazon can bite me as well, as I will not be getting a cell phone from them ever again. Their system sucks! To their credit, they do have an awesome customer service crew, unlike Sprint.I spent almost 8 hours on the phone. What did you do for Black Friday?

Really stylish and really functional. The size of the screen is perfect and the combination of red and black simple make it perfect

I bought this phone after I ran my Samsung Galaxy S2 over with my car, on purpose. That S2 has without a doubt been the worst phone I have ever owned. None the less, the HTC ONE works and looks great! The ease of use is so intuitive everything just makes sense (no pun intended for the other HTC products). The software bundle that HTC provides just cannot be beat hands down. The beats package not only provides excellent audio, but can put together movie clips with your pictures with awesome effects and music. I actually use that feature all the time when getting ready to post something to e-bay, just to give the listing a little pizzazz. Aside from all the bells and whistles you could ask for, the basic's work too; I can make phone calls on it without the phone dropping the call every 30 seconds, I can get and send e-mails, I get my voice mails instantly, all the things you expect your phone to do it does and does well.The ONLY drawback to the phone, is that it does not have any kind of micro SD card, so no expansion. BUT, with that being said HTC has a deal with drop box where you get something like 20GB free space, just for using HTC. So it makes up for the lack of a micro SD card, you can have everything stored in drop box.So in summary, with this HTC you really can have your cake and eat it too. I absolutely LOVE this phone and will probably stick with HTC from now on.

I made the right choice with this phone..It has only been about  a  month but i am satified with the performance so far..only time will tell if i will be totally satified......

Was too disappointed w/ the max so I settled for the 1 &  I'm happy I waited. The RED reminds me of what my evo 4G used to look like on the inside &  for the price of $0.01 (activation fee $36) that's more than what I'm willing 2 pay!  So all in all how can u go wrong,  the speakers alone makes this phone a must have!!

My son likes it for its durability and good looking. May be a little heavy. So far it works well.

The phone is amazing! It's a lot better than I expected. Any alteration I would make to the phone were probably made on the M8.

Dear Amazon Customers,I will make this as detailed and as Short as physically possible. at the end of the post I will also Answer some questions asked about this product.So, Let us start.Design/Body:This phone comes in a almost Coco-Cola Red Fully Aluminum body. it is all one piece so there are no cracks or seems in the phone at all. it is ice cold to the touch. The phone comes with fully rounded corners and Gorilla Glass 2 which stands up to scratchs and drops pretty nicely. However, on that subject. Let me be perfectly clear. This phone is Beautiful. You may feel the need not to put a Case on it. However, I STRONGLY suggest that you Buy a Case for it as this phone is so sleek. it will go from being a phone to a boomerang instantly. the First day I had this phone I dropped it around 8 times. The best way I think of describing this as it is like holding a wet bar of soap. So, Please I know you will LOVE the look of this phone so much you wouldn't want to put a case on it. But, either invest in a case or a Protection plan from both Sprint and Amazon. You will need it. This, also brings me to the next subject.Protection:The phone comes with Gorilla Glass 2 and a Fully Aluminum body. Since, Some people may be worried about how the phone will standup against you scratching it with your keys or throwing it across the room while failing to run from invisible Zombies (excising). Let me put your mind at rest. This phone and it's design can take a beating. I must of dropped,thrown,scratched this phone a good 30 - 50 times since buying it.. all from different feet. Sometimes on pure concrete, hard wood floors, corners of the side-walk. this phone has yet to have been scratched or damaged. (I Loved the look of the phone I did not get a case but a Protection plan from Sprint and Amazon.)Screen Size: it is a 4.7'inch screen. this is probably the perfect size. I have HUGE hands and it fits fine for me. I would not go larger as this already has trouble fitting into pockets. a 5 inch or bigger will not fit into pockets very well.Screen Clarity: The screen is a Beautiful! I had Samsung products all my Life and was jealous about the Clarity and True-to-Life colors of the IPhones. This phone Actually, Beats the IPhone 4S and Samsung Galaxy S4 Display and Clarity by Far. This phone has currently the highest DPI in any phone on the market.Camera: it comes with a Front and Back camera. This was my issue with this phone. Both cameras are "Okay" I am not looking to be a photographer with a smartphone. But, Honestly. the Ultrapixel marketing term is a joke. Yes. it has a Great Sensor built into the Camera. It takes "Great" looking Night shots. However, I believe they looked over a lot of things needed for the Camera to have made this a "Great Camera Smartphone"Software: Well, Besides Sprints "bloatware" there really wasn't much of a problem Software wise. Some people do not like Sense UI. I have never had it before and Honestly. I thought it was Fine. I quite enjoyed seeing a News feed constantly updated on the front page of my phone.Hardware: Great! it is running a tad-bit smaller processor then the Galaxy S4 However, the performance between the two will not be noticeable at all.Battery Life: Absolutely Horrible! Please HTC.. (and every other Smartphone maker) Please design better and bigger Battery's. I don't want to have to charge my phone every 2 hours. On a Good note: it last longer then my Galaxy S4. On a Bad note: Galaxy S4 has a Replaceable battery, This does not.Storage Space: it comes with 32GBs(depending on the model) I find this to be used up quickly(at least for me) since I store a lot of digital copies and music and photos on my phone.Questions and Answers:Does this phone come Unlocked:This phone does NOT come Unlocked. it is Locked to Sprints CDMA Network. The only Unlocked version of this phone comes in White: http://goo.gl/ihkA05Is this Phone Global Ready:No, this phone does not have a SIM Card Slot and is Not Global Ready.Does this phone have expanded storage(SD Card Slot):This phone does NOT have a SD Card Slot. (I wish it did)Does this phone have a extended or expanded battery:This phone has neither. You cannot open the battery compartment. So, you cannot remove the battery at all.Can this phone be rooted:Sprints version of this phone to be rooted is Extremely tedious. I would not say difficult. Just, time consuming.Can this be used on Other Networks:No. This phone is Locked to Sprints CDMA Network.If you have any questions. Feel free to reply to this review and I will Answer it as soon as possible.Take Care & God Bless-Austin M.

I like my new phone and I am still learning how to use it. I like not having to pay for music downloads.

great phone horrid service .... sprint cant get there act together with there 4g lte..sooooo it effects every phone they have.

Where to begin on the HTC One that hasn't been posted by countless consumer and professional reviewers??? Well, I'll basically reiterate what everyone has said.Let's start with the exterior: there is no better built phone on the market, period. No better feeling Windows phone, Blackberry, iPhone and ESPECIALLY Android phone. No matter what you pay for the phone, expect it to feel like a million bucks in the hand from the aluminum unibody construction. Every millimeter of the HTC One is crafted with care and precision manufactured with lasers, under the eye of elder metallurgists. Or at least I'd like to think that.Along the top edge of the phone is a 3.5mm combination headset/microphone jack towards the right and the power button/IR blaster on the left. Yes, you can program the phone to control your stereo, TV or any other infrared receivable item. Along the right edge is the volume rocker that has a really cool design on it that makes it easy to find when not looking at it. The bottom edge has your man microphone and micro USB 2.0 port. No micro HDMI. And along the left edge, you have the pin hole SIM ejector and the flush SIM card slot. The front of the phone has the display, 2 capacitive buttons (back and home), a front facing camera, light and proximity sensors along with your stereo Boomsound speakers. The back has your secondary, noise cancelling microphone and your main camera with flash. All specs to be explained below:- 4.7&#34; 1080p Super LCD3 display with 468 pixels per inch (ppi)- Snapdragon 600 Quad-core processor rated at 1.7 GHz, mated with the Adreno 320 GPU and 2GB of LPDDR2 RAM- 2MP front facing camera with a wide angled lens, capable of 1080p video recording and HDR photos- 4.1MP UltraPixel camera with optical image stabilization (OIS) and single LED flash- 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wifi- Bluetooth 4.0- NFC (Near-field Communication)- Capacitive touchscreen with up to 10 touch points- 2300 mAh Lithium-polymer battery- 2G/3G/4GLTE (Sprint only at 1900MHz frequency)- 32GB internal storage (26GB useable)If you're still undecided after seeing the specifications, I'll get into the cons:- Short battery life for ultra-heavy users w/o powersaver mode- Slow to charge from PC and 12V from car.- 4.1MP maximum resolution doesn't capture enough detail- Screen is too bright in a dark room with 0% brightness- Proximity sensor reads false positives often with skin oils left behind- Beats Audio limits maximum speakers' volume when engaged- No kickstand (coming from HTC EVO 4G LTE)Most these are nitpicking from a tech enthusiast like me and can easily be avoided or mitigated.Now, the pros:- Wonderful screen with excellent viewing angles- Quick speed from app to app with GREAT multitasking- Best Android overlay in the business. Clearly Android with many things to enhance your experience- BlinkFeed is by far the best software addition to Android any hardware manufacturer has added to it- Out of the box with Android 4.1 JellyBean with HTC Sense 5.0, Android 4.3 with HTC Sense 5.0 available with immediate update- UltraPixel camera captures better low light images than any other phone on the market- Boomsound is the best hardware addition to any phone, by anyone. Speakers are loud, clear and are placed perfectly- Build quality is unparalleled- Easily customizable with different custom ROMs, thanks to HTC's easy to unlock bootloader at htcdev.com- Zoe is cool and more functional than people give it credit for- No feature wasted that was packaged in HTC Sense, versus Samsung Galaxy S4- Sense keyboard is rather exceptional, as stock keyboards goI'd recommend this phone to anyone and I have. I've gotten 6 people to get some variant of the HTC One and each person loves it, as do I. And with prices at $50 or less for a 2-year contract (as of 1/4/2014), getting such a powerhouse is a no brainer!My own recommended list, without any order, are as such:- HTC One- HTC One Max- Samsung Galaxy Note 3- LG G2- Google/LG Nexus 5 (recommended to get 32GB version from Google Play)- Samsung Galaxy S4 Google Play Edition- Moto X

When i bought my HTC and didn't have a case i was so paranoid that i might drop it or crack it or something. When i found my case, i thought this is great, then i dropped my phone for the first time. I though ahhhh man i broke my phone, but NO. The phone was in the case and it was fine. I love my case it doesn't take away from the phone at all. and the great thing about it is i don't have to take it off for anything. AWESOME!!!

I think I'm in love and its with my HTC One, I get so many compliments on it when people see it and I love the large display and it has so many cool features i haven't used them all yet, battery life is great, speakers are booming with &#34;beats&#34; already installed and pics are vibrant and beautiful!

BlinkFeed is okay at best.  If you NEED to have the latest news right away as well as utilize a Facebook and Twitter account you'd get more use out of it.  Both the front and rear cameras are pretty good, but I feel that the video is actually somewhat lacking.Then there's the Zoe feature.  Basically, it takes a video that's a couple seconds long and out of that short video you could utilize frames as if they were pictures.  Tested it indoors with standard lighting and it wasn't TOO bad.  I'm sure if you utilize it outside in good sunlight you'll get better use out of it.The phone comes preloaded with a decent selection of apps such as DropBox, Scout, PDF Viewer, KeyVPN as well as the standard Google fair (but now Google Drive oddly enough).Call Quality on both the headset and speakerphone comes out very clear and loud.  I was at my parent's place and when they had me call my aunt I would just put it on speakerphone so everyone can talk to her.  I typically don't do this but it worked very well with this phone.  Most of the times speakerphone is just a slightly louder version of the headset.Touchscreen works the way it's supposed to, but keep in mind that if you have the Otterbox Defender (the one with the build in screen protector) you may have to press a second time.  Not really the phone's fault, just a side effect of the screen protector.  Display itself is good.  My work phone is an iPhone 5 and I have to say that it pretty much matches that.All in All, a pretty good phone, and probably the best one I've used so far.  I like it better than my work phone (iPhone 5) in terms of size (it's bigger) and customization (a given with Androids).  I docked it off one star due to video quality, Zoe not being as useful indoors and since you can't get rid of Blinkfeed.

So far I have enjoyed this phone greatly... I was an iPhone apple product guy but this phone is great.  Its not apple but the features are just as great and the phone itself is a joy to carry.  Love the app features as well as the camera.  Music through the Bluetooth function as ship much to whatever sound system you use. I would recommend this phone to any one who is thinking about a smart phone.

Love it

I LOVE MY NEW PHONE FOR NOW LOL...ALL PHONES HAVE PROS AND CONS. SO FAR THIS PHONE IS GOOD. I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT. VERY EASY TO LEARN. I WENT FROM A SAMSUNG GALAXY S2, I HAD IT FOR 2 YRS, TO THIS PHONE. I ACTUALLY CAN TALK ON THE PHONE AT MY HOME AND GET RECEPTION. IN MOST CASES ITS USUALLY THE PHONE COMPANY BUT I REALLY DO THINK NOW IT MAY HAVE SOMETHING TO DO WITH THE PHONE AND TOWERS I GUESS. BUT OTHER THAN THAT I PAID 75% LESS THRU AMAZON. I'VE BEEN WITH SPRINT 12-13YRS AND TRUST NO MATTER WHAT CELL PHONE I GET ALL OF THEM HAVE SOMETHING WRONG WITH THEM WHOM EVER MAKES THEM ONLY TIME CAN TELL!!! BUT THANK YOU AMAZON FOR A GREAT PRICE AND PHONE!!!

I have had this phone for 3 months and it seemed to work fine.  But soon it developed problems getting hot to hold and wouldnt charge.  I was instructed by htc one to send it in for repair at my expense and it has been gone over a week now while i have no phone and still paying my wireless bill.  When i had problems with other phones they sent me a new one before i had to give up my old one.  Poor phone quality and service.

Outstanding Device.

This is the second HTC One I got. It is beautiful and well made. It takes great picture in the low light, it is much better than the other phone I have seen.I use Google drive and Drop box to handle my storage need. The stereo sound is excellent, and it is loud and clear true stereo.

Overall it's a very good phone.it's sleek , durable and has good sound.the reason for a four star instead of five is that the volume up/ down buttons are too flush with the main body and hard to feel and use

Happy with phone. Everything I wanted on my phone. I can't get a better devise than this one. Get one you won't be disappointed.

Love the look. I bought it for my daughter who previously owned an HTC which lasted forever even after being dropped repeatedly.  Hopefully this one will be just as durable

Love the phone, missing a few features, but adaptable. Cold to the touch, good battery life, sometimes slow response to touch

My Daughter bought this as a replacement for a Galaxy Nexus and is very happy with the purchase. She chose this phone because of its reviews on its quality sound features and good battery life since. She listens to all her music and watches lots of videos on it. She is very happy with the purhcase

I switched from a Blackberry to the HTC One and love it. Nice features, great apps, and a great camera on the phone as well.

Hardy durable, fast and functional. Well designed and good battery life. Does not feel at all cheap. Would buy for all the family.

I ordered this HTC One and received it quickly! It looks really nice, but I didn't get to use it at all. The area that I work in Sprint has no coverage so I'm always roaming on other networks. This one was completely missing the roaming feature along with multiple others. In the 'mobile data' section under setting there should be 6-7 different things to choose, the phone I received only had two. I then returned it and was told that this should be an isolated incident, but the replacement had the same issue so I had to rush that back before my upgrade was permanent. As I said, I wasn't able to use the phone so I can't really say much about it. I did play with the camera a bit and the quality is not very well.... Far from what they express it to be. I wish it worked out for me though! I'm dying for a new phone.... For now I'll stick with my older one that works great.

you cant beat this price for this great phone.. the most problems I had were with UPS. But came as expected and in good condition

This an awesome phone it nice take great picture and the beat audio with boom sound it just what a music lover like myself needs

I like this phone a lot. It's my first smart phone and was a replacement for my old phone so my plan allowed me to get it cheaply.The speakers for speaker phone and the microphone are not the best. But it works perfectly with a bluetooth headset, so I recommend getting one.I love using it for my kindle app.

This as by far the best phone I ever owned. I am still finding features that I didn't know were there, that are extremely fantastic.

I've had this phone for a month now and love it!  The battery lasts me about a day and a half based on my usage.  The sound is great.  The size is nice.  I got a clear soft rubber cover so that the red shows through.  I get lots of compliments on this red phone!  Very easy to use.  I only looked at the instruction book one time to look up a symbol.  Otherwise, piece of cake.  I like the screen shot option like my kids can do on their iPhones.  I like the customize option on the home screen with sites I specifically pick and easy to flip through and find all sorts of interesting items.  I like the "car mode" app.  The talk to text is nice.  I can talk at my normal rate and it keeps up!  My old phone, I had to talk slow like a robot or it wouldn't work.

I used silver HTC One. HTC One is a very decent smartphone with perfect cut and feel. Its speaker is the best ever in all smartphone. I used it to watch YouTube everyday with loud speaker. I cannot live without the silver HTC One until I found this elegant red one. It is as beautiful as roses , decent, and elegant. I cannot but buy this red one and give the siliver one to my mom. Strongly recommend HTC one especially the red one.

LOVE this phone! The sound is absolutely amazing and unlike any other cell phone on the market.  The eye-catching color just pops and most people take a second look and ask me what type of phone it is.  Amazon is offering this at an amazing bargain...I'll always shop here first from now on & with free 2nd day shipping, I got my hands on this new toy right away!  If you're on the fence, buy this phone...you'll be very please with it!

I love that it's red. Although it is my first smart phone, I have been able to use it fairly quickly. It has been amazing to use compared to my old phone.

I love this phone it is the best phone I have ever had. Looks nice works great in perfect condition.

I bought this phone for my husband he l9ves it the sound quality is awesome with the beets audio. The phone has a lot offer with apps.

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this phone!! This is only my second smart phone. I resisted even having a cell phone until 2006 lol. So that should give you some background on where I'm coming from. I never thought I would want/NEED a smart phone. I thought I would never use a fraction of the features and it would just be a waste for me. WRONG!! This phone makes it easy to be pulled into all the great things you can do with phones these days. I am rarely ever on my laptop anymore. Why should I? Everything I want to do is easier with this phone, and it's a PHONE too, and a great camera! There are much more detailed, complex reviews to go by. I went with them. So you don't have to rely on mine. That being said, get this phone! You will love it!

Great phone

My first smartphone was the HTC Evo. When I upgraded, I went with the HTC Evo 4G LTE. Now, I have added an HTC One to my account. All 3 phones have been great, but along with the hardware improvements, each generation came with some questionable design choices.So too with the HTC One. I was not a big fan of the non-removable battery on the Evo 4G LTE, and now the HTC One not only has a non-removable battery, but also no MicroSD slot. None of these things are really dealbreakers though. Thankfully HTC moved the micro USB port back to the bottom of the phone where it belongs, but why did they have to eliminate my beloved kickstand and camera shutter button?The overall performance of the HTC One is amazing, including the most gorgeous display I have ever seen on a smartphone. The whole phone is pretty much a work of art, with the awesome aluminum body (mine in red!). The audio really impresses me also. Now it's time to air my biggest gripe, and it was nearly a dealbreaker for me. I don't need or want access to social media at all times. I would much rather have quick access to my often used apps via the home screen, plus, after owning 2 previous HTC phones, I am totally addicted to the HTC Sense Animated Weather App. For these reasons, I dislike HTC Sense 5 with Blinkfeed! If HTC would provide a way to disable Blinkfeed and allow users to go back to the home screen from Sense 4, including the weather app, I would give this phone 5 stars. Oh, and one other thing HTC. How about providing a simple toggle in the camera app to disable the shutter sound? I was at a school play the other day, and I got many dirty looks from other parents because of the constant noisy shutter sound. I finally looked on the forums online and found the only way to disable the shutter sound is to turn the volume on the phone all the way down, but a toggle in the camera settings would be so much more convenient.

Quality all aroundcoming from Galaxy S 3i was deciding between gs4 and htc oneand i am so glad i went red metallic htc onejust typing on this beautiful red deviceis so satisfying, it's like a jewelyou won't ever regret getting this awesome (device)it's not just a phone, it's so much more.
