
A fine phone but one potentially fatal problem: the newest operating system, KitKat, does not work reliably with Exchange email accounts.  Extensive battery drainage and difficulty synching make this a dangerous option for anyone with a corporate Exchange account.  Google has been aware of this for a month but no resolution is in sight for this phone or the Nexus 5. [...]

My last phone was a Droid X. I had it for 3 years and although it was 3G and didn't have great battery life and a few other problems, I really didn't see a benefit to upgrading. Now that I got the Moto X, I feel like I now enjoy owning and using my phone. Here are a few reasons why:- Great battery life. I can easily go 2 days without charging if I don't have GPS turned on. (Not sure how long it will last with GPS on, as I don't use it that much day-to-day; however, if you leave your GPS off, you can turn it on again and it starts very quickly, which is another thing I like about the phone.)- Intuitive features you actually use, such as:- The alerts that let you preview your notifications. These are fast and extremely convenient.- Google Now. This is available in most other Android devices, but it's awesome and very good at understanding what you say.- Motorola Assist: Helps you manage your calls and notifications when you're driving, sleeping, and in meetings.- Nice camera. 10 megapixels, a lot of interesting built-in filters and editing options. Not top of the line, but solid and good enough to capture things if you know what you're doing. (I don't, but that's another story.)- A lot of other little things, like the ability to turn off your alarm with one touch when you wake up a minute before it goes off. :)- Good hardware design that is fairly large, but still light and feels good in your hand.My bottom line is that this phone isn't as fancy and doesn't have the megapixels that the Galaxy S3 does, but it has features that make everything easier, and it also provides you with options you didn't even know you wanted but you very much do.

Didn't want to buy another Samsung because I wasn't satisfied with the feel of the Galaxy line, they all feel cheap in my hands. The moto x is everything I wanted in a phone. Was concerned about the integrated battery but have had no signs of a weakened battery after a month with some heavy use.

Goes two full days of moderate use without depleting the battery.Great design, fast, responsive. Best smartphone I've ever bought.

Just like most reviewers, I have been through the maze of mobile phones. In fact I had the first smartphone, the NeoPoint, back in I think 1999. Anyway, this Moto X has made the most significant improvement in my daily life.* Battery life is terrific* Active Listening actually makes it easier, quicker and more convenient for me to use a mobile phone* Active Notifications is probably the most innovative mobile phone feature to appear in the last 3 years and makes it extremely easy to access, preview and discard notifications* Fit and feel in hand is off the charts. I hated the S3 feel in hand. I always felt like I was going to break it or drop, which of course I did :).* Motorola Connect is a time saver as well allowing me to text via the chrome browser* Access to the camera via the hand twist is ingenious. I used the camera quite a bit today and it is a joy to use. Unusually intuitive and easy and it takes great quality pics. Not off the charts quality but very good.* The screen is excellent. I know the specs aren't HD and all that but I tell you this screen is awesome... bright and white and clear. I can't stand AMOLED screens because they have this yellow or pink hue to them and I can hardly see anything on screen outside.  Well Motorola has solved these problems somehow. The whites are so white and bright that I don't have to use full brightness and I can see the screen outside no problem. It is a joy to look at this screen. I get the best of both worlds, the white and bright of a TFT and the beautiful colors and depth of color of AMOLED. Very impressed!* Fast. I know the chip set is not clocked as fast at N5 and LG and whatever but I tell you the new X8 mobile computing platform is lightning fast. I have even read specs where in real world performance tests the Moto X beats these top of the line phones in performance.* Near immediate Android updates. This is a big one for me as well. When Motorola shocked the world and updated the Moto X with Kit Kat, as fast as they did, I said I am in. The next week I had a Moto X in hand.* The phone is cool looking as well. I didn't think the moto maker was a big deal and maybe bordering on cheesy. That was until I actually started using it to spec out my phone. I actually got into it. I was surprised. It was fun and I have a phone that looks professional but at the same time has a unique character to it. I went with the olive back, black front and orange trim. The white front looked great as well but that was too girly for me :).Basically the Moto X takes the reasons that a person typically uses a smartphone and makes them easier, faster and all around more enjoyable to do those things. At the same time Motorola appears to be committed to the software update process and giving their users the most up to date software experience. Great job Motorola!Now I am just waiting for the Moto X tablet... Motorola are you listening :).

This is a great phone. Hands down better than the Moto Razr I had. Battery terrific. Deals with apps without lag, which was a major problem with old phone

Our Sprint plan was expiring, so we were in the market for new phones/carrier. Could not pass them up for 1 cent.Battery life is incredible, I still have around 50% at bedtime most days.Thought the touchless control was silly at first but along with the Assist app, its great for the car. Text back and forth and call without picking it up or unlocking it. The camera could be a little better but it gets the job done. Its cool that its well supported by google/moto as well, so we get the latest updates to KitKat.

Came on time.  Takes great pictures.  Wish I could add more storage to the phone, but at least I have cloud space.

I have had this phone for about three weeks and I loved it. The only thing I have to complain about is the quality of the video when you want to send it via text message. The video taken from the phone normally is flawless but the file will be too large to send via text. If you need to send a video via text you will need to record the video as an attachment with in the actually text message and the file will be reduced automatically to the correct size to be able to send via text, which will be a very blurry crappy video. This feature is important to me so I loses two stars for me for that.  Other than that I have no other complaints so it has proved to be a pretty good phone.

This phone is super powerful. Really dont have any complaints about it. Comfortable in my hands. Very fast and extremely responsive to voice and touch commands. I'm glad I chose this phone over the HTC.

I upgraded to the moto x from Galaxy S3. The very first thing I noticed with this phone is the battery life. I frequently forget to turn off my wifi when leaving for work in the morning. Since there is no wifi at work, my S3 would be around 35-40% battery left upon getting home. That's over the course of 9 hours. With my new moto, I don't even bother turning it off. My battery has about 85% left when i get home. The screen looks good and apps run smoothly. Running the 8 cores seperately really seems to make this phone very efficient. Touchless controls work way better than i was expecting. I thought the &#34;double twist instant on&#34; camera  would be a minor feature for this phone. Now that I have it, I don't think I would want to go without it. I highly Recommend this phone!

-- Summary:For such a &#34;low spec&#34; phone the performance blew me away.  So smooth...so responsive.  Soooo much better than my Galaxy Nexus it replaced.  I highly recommend it if camera performance is not a very important feature for you.-- Details:Motorola and Google really did a great job creating a phone that people actually enjoy using despite the specs that no one wants to talk about.  On this phone, creative engineering and emphasis on user experience beats out hardware specs.  Other reviewers have already done a good job discussing the great features like Active Controls, Touchless Controls, twist to start the camera, best in-hand feel of any phone on the market, ideal size, sweet screen (despite 720p), full-day battery, etc. so no need for me to go there.  I will add, though, that the Motorola Spotlight Stories feature is a cute and fun surprise.  Another testament to user experience.  Google it.I'll also say that it's interesting how at least two popular on-line smartphone reviewers have said they use this as their personal phone.  Of all the phones they review!  Think about it.  This phone is a testament to smart engineering and thoughtful UI design over over-hyped hardware specs.  I will likely stick to Motorola from here on.--Cons:Other top smartphones on the market take much better pictures.  If you want the among the highest quality pictures you can get on a smartphone today, do not buy this.  I personally think the low light pictures suck.  But excellent picture quality isn't that important for me on a smartphone.  Good is good enough.--Bottom line:Buy this phone...now...don't wait.  It's a true &#34;smart&#34; phone that's a joy to use.

This phone does not have the fastest processor or the largest screen, or the highest resolution, but it works extremely well and very consistently.  I especially like that it has almost a pure version of Android (4.4 KitKat for Verizon) and feels fast and powerful.  I really like the feel of the phone in my hand, the buttons work great and its very responsive.  I truely think this is perhaps the best Android phone at this time.

It doesn't make coffee, or have an integrated tazer.  But I suppose I'll just have to live without for the time being.

this phone has been great and awesome video reviews are on youtube about it.  the thing i like most about it is that it has features that are obviously derived from user habits. for example, a lot of us use our phones to check the times and have to &#34;unlock&#34; and &#34;lock&#34; and put back in pocket to do so (at least for most guys). this phone has a built in clock that only lights the needed pixels when you turn it over or pull it out of your pocket.Also, picture editing is made really easy with the multiple options for effects right after you take a picture without having to download another app. and of course sharing them is rather simple. these kinds of things will make instagram obsoletei could go on. it's a great 4G LTE smartphone that isn't huge.

Got this phone for my wife, and it's her first smart phone. It's fantastic, good build quality, no issues after a few months use. The only thing holding it back from 5 stars according to my wife, is the bloatware (excess apps that can't be uninstalled.)

My only previous smart phone was a S3, but I've handled plenty. I never wanted to carry the S3, due to the size. The Moto X feels great in the hand and pocket, so I carry it all the time.  It's such a smooth experience, but its hard to describe why.  It reminds me of my Nexus tablet, only smaller, and more in line with my daily flow.  It never annoys me with blinking lights, and knows to be quiet when I'm driving.  Voice quality is excellent.I realize that folks are moving to bigger screens, but I'll never have anything bigger than this phone.  It's a perfect design balance for me.The only negatives that I have are the fixed battery and lack of SD expansion.  Those weren't big issues for me, but it's something to consider.Overall, I wouldn't trade this phone for any other.

I'll admit, this is my first smart phone. I have used all my friends phones. Galaxy, HTC One, iPhone (multiple generations), etc. The Moto X is my favorite though. It is the perfect size and fits perfectly in your hand (if you want a case that still feels great I recommend the SupCase). The voiceless controls are great, admittedly a bit buggy but they are getting better with every update and the active notifications are the best feature of a phone I've seen. The camera isn't the best, but I'm not really a picture taker so I don't mind. This comes highly recommended! I've had no problems with it at all.

This is a great phone.  If you like the pure android experience without the gimmicky software add ons, then this is the one to use.  Battery life is great on this phone, I've music streaming for close to 4 hours straight, web browsing, apps and normal usage and it still has 30-38% battery life at night before bed time.

I love everything about this phone so far: sound, ease of use, response touch, battery life, and more. So much better than my Samsung galaxy 3. The sound on it was horrible, always muffled no matter what.

Although I quite liked it, the day after I got this phone, verizon bricked it with an OTA, and offered zero customer support.  In the end, I returned it, went back to my old smartphone and returned to sprint.  Verizon is being slow and still has not processed the full refund.

I purchased the Moto X as an upgrade from my Galaxy S3.  I shopped it against the Galaxy S4, Note 3, iPhone 5S, HTC One X, and 2013 Droid Maxx.My smart phone history is iPhone->iPhone 3GS->HTC Thunderbolt 4G->Samsung GS3->Moto X.  I've also used my wife's HTC 8X extensively.I'm a fairly advanced user, working largely in the IT field.  I've rooted phones in the past, but haven't bothered since the later releases of Verizon's S3 ROMs caught up with most of what I was wanting.  I don't expect to root the Moto X.  I'm also fairly hard on phones, doing warranty or extended warranty replacements about once a year, usually for a cracked screen or water damage.  I run and bike with them in an armband or bike mount, and they often get sweat on, and occasionally get dropped.When looking for a new phone, I wanted something with good battery life, was VERY responsive, and that felt good to hold and use.  I went through three S3's in various states of ROM's, mostly from Verizon, and was never fully satisfied with how responsive or reliable the phone was.  After years of using these things, I've finally figured out that I'm just not going to play games on my phone, and that 90% of what I'm going to do is news, audio, e-mail, calendar, notes, text, diet/exercise tracking, camera/video, and social media.  Less frequently, I do techie things like RDP, run network tools, use office apps, check IP cameras.  Occasionally, I'll watch Netflix or read Kindle.  I say all of this so you understand my use model and how it relates to my review.  There are a lot of different ways to use phones and reasons to choose them, so the way I use mine heavily informs my opinion.  My app list: MyNetDiary, Endomondo, Evernote, Maps, Email, Gmail, USA Today, Audible, Spotify, DoggCatcher, Engadget, reddit is fun, Facebook, Better Terminal Emulator, PocketCloud, Skype, Ping&DNS;, WeatherBug, IMDB, Amazon, Kindle, Netflix, Pandora, NFL Mobile.My principle complaint with the S3 was battery life, followed by lagginess and reboots.  It is a relative complaint, because both were far better than the Thunderbolt that came before it.My top two choices for new phones were the Note 3 and Moto X - two very different phones.  The S4, to me, didn't differentiate itself enough from the S3 to get me excited about it.  I've used it and have friends that purchased it, and it seems to be a good phone - more responsive than the S3, with better battery life.  Despite that, it was an incremental improvement, and I wasn't very interested in any of its new gee-whiz tricks, such as motion navigation or eye tracking, and they didn't seem to work very well in practice.The Note 3 was attractive to me due to it's high spec sheet, long battery life, and better ability to do 'real work' via its pen and larger, higher res screen.  Ultimately, however, I decided real world performance for my apps (noted above) was more important than specs, and I also decided that my remote real work set (primarily e-mail composition, spreadsheet edits, network tests, and remote RDP sessions) was too small a part of my use case to merit the extra size of the Note 3.  The size was particularly a concern when wearing on an arm band for running and gym work and for one handed operation.  I also have a 7" tablet, and a 13" convertible ultrabook, which further minimized the need for a larger screen phone.So that leads, finally, to the Moto X.  Here are some things I really like about it, in order of importance to me, after about a week of use.  Some of these points may also apply to other phones - I'm not saying they are exclusive to the Moto X, but they are what is most noticeable/important to me after a week's use.Long battery life - I like to go on long, 7+ hour bike rides while tracking with Endomondo and streaming music.  The GS3 died after about 5 hours, and this one makes it with power to spare.  If I take it off the charger at 6:30 AM, and plug it in for bed at 11 PM, it has about 20% left after a day of normal use for me (mostly reading Reddit at lunch doing email and text throughout the day, and maybe an hour or so of other misc use of the apps above).  I also play audio (Audible, DoggCatcher, or Spotify) from it for about 90 minutes a day during my drive.Feel in hand - I got used to the GS3, and sometimes appreciated the larger size (such as if watching the rare Netflix item or using RDP), but didn't ever like the long thumb reach for one handed use.  The Moto X feels PERFECT to me.  I like the weight, the grip, and the reach.  This one is pretty subjective, so I suggest holding one in a store if you can.Rock solid up time and no operation lag - This may be partly due to my relatively limited app set, to the faster processor in this phone, or to the new Android build on this phone, but whatever it is, I like it.  Everything happens instantly, without stutter, and that is what I want.Low power background alert system - I didn't realize I would like this as much as I do, but I really like the way the phone puts alerts (e-mail, text, message, alarm) on the screen with swipe up to view, left to clear, and down to unlock actions.  It is efficient.App for texting on laptop - I'm sure there are other 3rd party apps that do this, but it was built in to the Moto X, and is the first time I've done it.  With the Chrome plugin installed, all of my texts and calls pop up on my laptop while at work.  This works well with my work flow so that I can quickly copy and paste information form there into Outlook or other documents that I am working on.Made a few miles from my house - As someone who works in domestic manufacturing, I appreciate the challenge that Google/Flextronics/Motorola undertook when scaling the old Nokia plant up in such short order to build 100,000 of these a week.  The phone didn't cost me more than an S4 would have, and I like it that it was made in Ft. Worth, TX, USA.Continuous voice recognition - This is by far the best voice recognition I've used on any product.  That said, it still hasn't made it into my daily work flow.  I have to think too much about how to phrase my commands when I want it to do things and usually still have to look at the screen to OK or approve whatever it wants to know.  I still put it on the list, because I am impressed with what it CAN do and because it is useful for dictating texts and e-mails, but it COULD be a game changing feature, and it still isn't quite there yet for me.  The continuous listening aspect is dead on for me, with zero false positives or need to initiate recognition manually.  Cool.If I didn't mention a feature in this list, it doesn't mean it was bad, it just means it didn't stand out or wasn't important to me.  The camera, for example, was adequate but didn't strike me as significantly better or different from the S3 or other phones I've used - then again, I've only used it for a few test photos.  Most of my camera use is work related, and I tend to use a DSLR for family stuff.  The flick action for launching the camera isn't 100% reliable and has both failed to go off when I've tried to use it and gone off intentionally in my pocket when not, so I do it manually.  I like the screen, but would have preferred 1080p.  Overall though, it has good brightness and viewing angles, and I think it was a good compromise if it helped get the battery life where it is.  I haven't really noticed a difference in call quality across my entire phone history mentioned above.  IMO, they all suck, and Verizon can't roll out HD voice soon enough.  Music quality is good, but I can't tell a difference from the others.I'll try to answer questions if you have them.  I like this phone and would like to see it do well.  The mobile industry needs more than two strong players - competition is good for all of us.

Responsive - sharp clear screen - integration with Google make it simple to use. I would highly recommend it to anyone.

Coming from a Samsung Galaxy S III, I was ready to go to a cleaner and pure android interface. (Touchwiz was too over done for me). My only concern was the smaller screen. I've also own the Droid Incredible and Incredible 2. I liked both of them but was looking for something cleaner.In every respect, the Moto X has exceeded my expectations.Pros1) It&#8217;s a nearly pure Android experience - calendar, contacts, chrome, email, and gmail are all excellent and as usable as I wanted.2) BATTERY LIFE is great. It beats my GS3. I was concerned after the first 2 days but now that I've owned the phone for 3 weeks, the battery life is stellar. I never worry about going below 50% during the day, even with about 45 minutes of talk, frequent texting, and regular email checking. The only thing that hurts battery life is intense gaming (Injustice, Modern Combat, etc)3) Performance - I have yet to see any lag. Its smooth and just works.4) Touchless Control - It actually works and is helpful. I use it for texting and weather updates.5) Screen - It is slightly smaller than the GS3. However it&#8217;s brighter.6) SIZE - This is the first phone I've been able to hold normally in 2 years.7) Camera - The phone takes very good pictures. I only use it for occasional picture taking.8) Travel &#8211; When walking, touchless control is invaluable.Cons1) The audio performance though the speakers is less than stellar. I tend to use earphones so this is not much of a problem.It&#8217;s a GREAT phone.

Best phone I've ever had.If Apple made a big screen phone, I'd probably buy it.  Moved from an iPhone 5 to HTC One.  I was really happy with the HTC One and not looking for a new device.  Then I read a couple of reviews of the Moto X and figured I'd go check one out to see what was up.  Right off, you see the screen is big, but the device isn't.  By a lot.  I was stunned.  So, I figured I'd buy one (off-contract) during the deals Motorola was running for Black Friday just to see what I really thought.  Like I said, best phone I've ever had.PROS:Big screen - small profile.  Can't say enough about this.  This has to be close to what we'll be seeing the in the future from particularly Apple.  It's small and big at the same time.  Without getting into specifics, the Moto X screen specs out poorly from certain standpoints, but screens are up to individuals.  It's only slightly smaller than the HTC One's screen but much smaller and lighter in the hand.  Up close, I think the Moto X screen is flat out beautiful.  And I read on it a lot.Battery - first smart phone I've ever had that I can unplug from the wall in the morning and I don't have to think about the battery for the rest of the day.  Usually go to bed with between 20%-40% of the battery left.Notification system - you gotta see it to believe it - best I've ever come across.  The hands free is terrific - pull it out of my pocket and I don't need to hit any button to see: 1) the time; 2) any emails; 3) any texts; 4) ANY NOTIFICIATIONS!  Espn shows just an 'E' icon - it rocks!Speed - the speed of the device is as good as anything I've worked with.  Just don't notice any hiccups and it's proven to be amazingly stable.  Never have to reset.Sound - love the speaker on this thing and the sounds Motorola have put on the stock device are easily on par with Apple.  Okay, it's closer to Apple than anyone else has ever gotten (though HTC always did well in this area and Samsung, well, details are an afterthought with them).CONS:Camera - but not as bad as some say.  The HTC One and iPhone 5 were much better cameras, but I've gotten used to the Moto X camera and can say it's okay.  I'm the kind who likes to take a picture of a model number on the back of a device to Google it later or take pictures largely for the data I can get off the picture.  That does not work so well with this phone.  I've worked around it and it's okay.  Could be a big deal for some.  Personal pictures of family/friends/events are good enough.  But if the camera is a big deal to you, well, that might be a deal breaker for some.  Also, it is a plus to be able to twist the device to automatically go to the camera.  Was easy to get used to and I use it a lot.  Unique and strong feature.Bluetooth - the iPhone 5 never skipped a beat when I connected it to my car's Bluetooth for music.  This (and the HTC One for that matter) lag occasionally.  That stinks.  It definitely happens when I turn on the hotspot for the kids to use in the car.  The iPhone 5 NEVER ran into this problem.It's got a big screen but it feels small in the hand.  The performance of the phone is outstanding and the hands free notification is super cool.  Glad I took a chance on this phone.  Best I've ever had.

Coming from a Galaxy Nexus, I was concerned about leaving the pure Google experience for something else. Other things that I was concerned about coming over to this phone were the radios, battery life, etc.I'm deeply pleased to say that despite my potential concerns, this is the best phone I've ever owned.The battery life of this phone is consistently over 1 day, the system never stutters despite having a less-than-cutting-edge processor, the contextual processors are really cool (the pulsing feature is especially helpful and very useful) and the things like twist to camera are very nice touches. I would also think that further updates in the future will further enhance the experience.Things to be critical about -- the &#34;ok google now&#34; commands don't work super well if you've got a keypad lock on your phone (which is, of course, expected). The camera could stand for some serious software improvements (which are coming), but it's still a little sub-par. Yes, it does not have 4.3 (soon to be 4.4) installed, but the &#34;big features&#34; like low-power BT and filesystem trim are backported to this 4.2 version, so I earnestly don't think there's a ton to complain about. Of course, this is Verizon, so I'm sure there will be an update sometime around 2015.Things to be baffled about (short list) -- There's no photosphere for the camera natively. I have no earthly idea why this is not included in the default camera, particularly since its been part of the ecosphere for about a year now.In short, my primary concerns around speed and battery life have been absolute non-issues. I would easily stack this up against the iPhone 5 in every sense (minus the camera). This device sponsors a &#34;vendor skinning&#34; that is not obtrusive or annoying; it's useful and complimentary. The best phone I've ever owned.

**Original Posted Sep 5 on the AT&T; Moto X page as a VZW specific page did not exist**To start with, I have the Verizon Moto X - your network experience may vary, but the phone hardware/software are still relevant.This is absolutely the best Android phone, and I'd say simply best mobile phone, to date.Since the Galaxy Nexus, I'm convinced that the plain, unmodified Android 4.x OS is the best way to experience an Android phone. The plain OS is fast, and elegant in design. Unfortunately, the Galaxy Nexus hardware was a bit flakey and dated, and the Moto X was the closest to a Nexus phone I can get for VZW. There are a few Motorola specific apps preinstalled, but they are worth it when viewing the phone as a complete system.First, the phone itself - I love the design - the size, curve, feel and weight are just right. Even though it's not a hyped up metal case, the phone feels solid and fits nicely in the hand (I've actually had a hard time putting it down). The default Black "weave" color looks awesome. The phone is slightly smaller than the Galaxy Nexus, and shows that the trend of bigger smart phones does not equate to a "better" smartphone - just bigger. The display is certainly large enough, and looks very sharp and bright. More importanly, the Moto X fits easily in any pocket, and likely just about any hand. The phone is very responsive and quick at the OS, application, and network levels (especially if using wireless AC). Voice recognition is spot on, and works even when the phone is "sleeping". Battery life with general usage seems at least enough to last through most of a day - the battery isn't removable, but it's slightly larger than the "extended" life battery I had in the Galaxy Nexus, and the phone has been lasting between charges longer than the Nexus with the extended battery did.This is truly a "smart" phone unlike most others with that name. Using various sensors, hardware, and applications, the phone knows its position, orientation, location, speed, and will change how it functions based on programming and user-input. For instance, The Assist application allows you to set your sleep times, and the phone can then be configured to not ring, or only allow "favorite" contacts to ring during this time. When the phone senses it's in a vehicle, it automatically kicks into a "driving" mode, where you can configure Assist for things such as a autoresponse that you are driving and will message back, and read text messages/caller IDs to you. A meeting mode will examine your calendar info, and provide you with automatic silencing of phone sounds and other options. Especially useful for meetings is the Active Notifications functions - keep the phone face-up, and you'll get silent notifications on the lock screen that you can discreetly access with a single touch (turn the phone face down and the Active Notification feature turns off). The Moto X also can tell if it's in a pocket and turn off Active Notifications to save battery life.Voice control is a key part of this phone - you can easily speak to the phone (even in sleep mode) to place a call, send text messages, get information, schedule appointments - just about any basic function of the phone can be accessed via voice commands. Siri? Who the heck is Siri? :)I've used plenty of mobile phones and "smart" phones over the past 15 years (Motorola, Qualcomm, Sony, Kyocera, HTC, Samsung, Blackberry, among others). I took a close look at current VZW offerings (Nokia Lumina, HTC One, new Motorola Droids), and I am confident in saying that the Moto X is the best phone I've used or "test drove".Update - Sep 11, 2013.I'm really, really impressed with the battery life on this phone. I've been letting it (or trying to let it) run down to 10% or less before charging (which probably isn't necessary, but I'm an old school battery memory guy), and have been getting to 36+ hours between charges so far. My use is usually about an hour talk time, various text/messenger messages, facebook browsing, playing with the voice commands, email push updates, and for the first few days, download/configuration of various apps.

I bought this to replace my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  What an improvement!  The Moto X is a terrific phone. I have had it for several months now and I rarely have to charge it more than every other day.  Much better than my husband's iPhone 5 which can barely last 8 hours.  The active display and shake to take pictures features are two that I really love.  I also use the voice activated commands from time to time to impress my friends.

So far I am loving the Moto X. It's not perfect, but it's the right phone for me. I initially bought a Droid Maxx, but then exchanged it for the X. Don't get me wrong, the Maxx is a sharp phone, but it's big. And after a few days of using it, I realized it was just too big.I really debated between these two phones, but even though the specs on the Droid Maxx are better ultimately I decided on the Moto X for the size/form factor: It just feels better in my hand with its contoured back and mid-size dimensions despite the plenty big 4.7" screen. By comparison, the Maxx felt bulky, just a big Kevlar slab of a phone. A few things about the Maxx did give me pause, however:1. Wireless charging -- A cool feature other reviewers have liked, though it wasn't a deal-breaker for me.2. The battery life -- The battery on the Maxx is impressive. This one I still regret a bit, though the Moto X has plenty of pep.3. Storage -- The Maxx has twice the storage at 32GB, but frankly I sync most of my media to the cloud now and keep backups on my laptop.Of course, I looked at the other top phones, but I really wanted Google/Motorola's latest suite of software features: Active Notifications, Touchless Controls, the quick-launch camera. Speaking of the camera, all the latest Motorola phones are lacking there, though I read big improvements have been rolled out in a software update for customers of every carrier except Verizon, so hopefully that will follow soon (hint, hint). The Galaxy S4 has a good camera and tons of features, but it felt flimsy and plasticky, and I don't like Touchwiz's cartoonish design. The HTC One is a beautiful phone and I loved the look of the metal exterior, but it was slick and I know within a week I'd drop it. Recent HTC phones have suffered hardware issues as well.So the Moto X was the one. I love the overall design and, like I said before, it feels great in the hand. The black weave pattern on the back is stylish, and the small dimple in the middle of the phone is a good tactile reference point when holding it. The clean OS runs butter smooth. The screen is sharp and colors vibrant. I prefer the on-screen rather than capacitative buttons, though I thought at first the opposite would be true. And I do like the fact that it's at least assembled if not built in the US. I'm not some rabid patriot, but I do feel you should support smart efforts to bring decent-paying manufacturing back to the country.A few last points after using the phone a couple weeks now: 1) Active Notifications are just plain smart, and I also like how the time displays on the lock screen when you pick up the phone or take it out of your pocket; 2) Yes, the call quality is a little hit and miss, clear on some calls and choppy on others; 3) Stock Android runs nice and smooth; 4) The camera isn't great but I haven't found it as terrible as some are saying. 5) The Touchless Controls are real handy, though not perfect at interpreting what you say.(My phone experience: Droid X, HTC Incredible, Razr M.)

My take on the phone after using it for a day or so.I am a google fanboy. I have google tattooed on my forearm. I really really wanted this phone to be a stopping point on my endless search for MORE. More power. More ram. More gimmicks. So i bit the bullet and ordered my moto x on verizon.com partly due to finding a 50 dollar coupon Verizon30.In short it fell short of some of my critical expectations.Speed wise. this thing is smooth. All actions feel extremely quick and responsive. This will be more than perfect for 90% of the people who will undoubtedly purchase this phone.aesthetically this phone is quite nice. the backing with its little Motorola indent is really nice to hold. it feels soft but durable. its actually quite a pleasure to use for any amount of time.The screen looks so much more vibrant than my galaxy nexus. and the active display i find to be actually useful. The screen only turns on the pixels it needs to display your notifications so it doesnt use as much battery life as youd thinkI Felt i should mention the NO SD Card Slot. I always thought this would bother me. But after the Galaxy nexus i found that i really didnt need it. In a age of subscriptions. I currently have Spotify, Netflix, SiriusXm, and Google All Access, i just dont store that much on my phone or the stuff i fill it with i hardly ever use more of a security blanket in those scarce offline times."ALMOST" stock android experience. This is one of the unspoken heros of this phone. Although Verizon has installed their typical bloatware. Motorola itself has not messed with too much. I would have preferred STOCK. this is seriously the next best thing .Active Display. I love active display. for those who dont know active display is the automatic updates that get displayed on your screen while the phones in standby. With active display only turning on the pixels it needs to display the relevant information it barely uses any battery life. This is one feature i dont know how i will live without in the future.Now to my gripes.First is battery. This phone was touted to be one of the most efficient phones on the market with its specially designed hardware. It is not what i expected at all. While the always listening chip is great. and actually works well. The battery life is no better than any other phone ive seen on the market. i say this because most phones in which have the highest complaints also have the ability to remove the battery and add a bigger one. THIS phone does not have that option. and thus is crippling to someone who was expecting at least 18-20 hours on above average use. with sending a few text messages throughout the day and listening to a album or two on all access i got about 8 1/2 - 9 hours. This may be ok for most. but i believe a phone should be able to make it a full day.Especially this one with its "ENERGY SAVING Chipset and Screen." In the day and age where outlets and usb ports are everywhere we look, there is still something unnerving knowing that you better bring your charger wherever you go just in case. &lt;------See End of Review for update on Battery ---->And Second. and this is completely VERIZONS fault. and was almost a reason to switch to ATT. MOTOMAKER!!. Motomaker felt like a breathe of fresh air. being able to customize almost every detail of the outside of your phone. This felt important to me. It inspired faith in Motorola and in Google. it Screamed unique! BUT of course as usual, Verizon botches everything. Is it really worth it to wait 4 months after a phone comes out to customize it. a phone might i add that has mid level specs.Verizon really needs to get there butts in gear. i feel like they have screwed up every launch of every flashship phone in years. Either they don't have it in stores. or they don't update it. or they just plain ole don't have it period.Understand that this is the sum of all averages type of phone. The Peoples Phone. Mid level specs. Mid level build quality. MID LEVEL. it is perfect for the bulk of the market. A phone id get my parents and trust they'd be fine. For someone who uses there phone for more than that 2 texts a day and a phone call to the pizza guy at night. You might want to wait for something else or at the very least the price to drop to something like $150/contract - $450/offThe last thing i would like to mention is Motorola's track record with their software updates. They have been notoriously bad and we have yet to see if Motorola under the Ownership of Google will have any affect on that.UPDATE: Hell has frozen over. Motorola just updated the moto x to kitkat.  Only 3 weeks after kitkat came out.  Extremely impressive considering that one it was on verizon and two my girlfriends nexus 4 still hasnt been upgraded.UPDATE : Original Phone had a bad proximity sensor. So anytime I would make a call the screen would shut off and no matter what I would do would get it to turn the screen back on.. And thus you couldnt end a call or get to the dialpad. Also because there is no removable battery there was no way (to my knowledge) to turn off the phone to reset it. (UPDATE) A FRIENDLY COMMENTER BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION THAT HOLDING DOWN THE POWER BUTTON FOR 10 SECONDS WILL POWER DOWN THE PHONE)Verizon did send me a brand new phone which works perfectly and gets much better battery life. i am now getting 17 hours of use on a normal day.

Pros:- Phone is quick and very responsive.- Had it for 2-3 months and battery lasts several days with average phone use.- Feels great in your hand. Doesn't feel like it's going to slip out (I still recommend a skin for any phone)- Active display ..Saves battery!- Excellent call quality -Motorola is known for this!- Close to stock android OS (and NO TouchWiz) .. Running 4.4 KitKat.Cons...- Still slightly small. Would help if .5&#34; larger

When our last contract with Verizon was up, my wife and I renewed the contract. I had not been very happy with my old Android phone, and my wife had some issues with her iPhone 4 and iOS, so after doing our homework and reading a lot of reviews, we both chose the Moto X. We have both been very pleased with the phones. The phone came with Android 4.2 installed, but during the drive home, both phones updated to Android 4.4.2 (Kit Kat).We love the high-res screen, the vivid colors, and the sensitivity of the screen to touches and swipes. The 10 megapixel rear camera is very impressive and simple to operate and make adjustments. The sales rep at the Verizon store migrated our phone numbers and contacts in a few minutes while we waited. He said it was simple enough that we could have done it ourselves, but my wife was trading in her old iPhone 4, so it had to be done while we were in the store. We've both made a number of phone calls with our Moto X, and so far all calls have had excellent voice quality with no dropouts.I could go on to describe other features that we like, but suffice to say that overall, I'm very pleased with my upgraded new phone, and my wife has gotten into the Android experience very comfortably. If you're looking to get a new phone, the Moto X is definitely worth checking into.

Perfect combination of size and features, it is the better than I hoped it would be. The fact that it is American made clinched the deal for me. The "Hey, Google" wake up feature is simply phenomenal.

Sturdy, perfect size, great battery, great screen resolution and the software is awesome.  Everything just works how it should.  It feels like a &#34;smart&#34; phone and thats the best thing you can say.

Had the Moto X for 4 days and... it got returned. Let's just say I've had better phones.Here's a list of issues:1. My last phone gave me 5 bars at home, I get 3 with this phone. Very poor reception.2. After the 2nd day the screen would go black during a phone call and not return, so I couldn't end the call or use keyboard for prompts.3. Every time the phone would ring, the custom ringtone I put on the phone would cause the music player to come up.4. If the phone is laid down, you can't wake the phone up and get to the lock screen by tapping the screen, you have to pick it up (not a big deal, more of an annoyance)**I do have to mention this though, the battery life is amazing on this phone. Took it off the charger at 5:30am, used it extensively for the day, still has 30% battery at 10pm.Anyway, Motorola rushed this one to market way too quick and I would not recommend it.

First off, I'm just your average phone user; email, text, occasional searches and of course, phone calls.The highlights of the Moto X for me are the voice command &#34;OK Google now&#34; which I use for calls, searches, navigation and most anything else. It is not perfect but I would say it is 95 percent accurate but is improving the more I use it. Secondly, the &#34;Driver assist&#34; feature is very useful as well. The phone automatically reads my texts through Ford Sync and notifies me of emails through Sync also. Sending texts through voice commands only, is an awesome feature. Lastly, just a touch to the phone wakes it up and the &#34;notifications&#34; are shown on screen in a very subdued yet useful manner. Email's, calls and messages all show up and you can use swipes to read or dismiss them, very handy.Coming from a Droid Incredible ll this phone does everything much better, its simply in a different league all together.I would recommend this phone to anyone!!!

I have my phone for 30 days since I got it and no complains only satisfaction. Hope I will continue enjoy my smartphone for the long.

I love the fact that this phone is made in the USA.  It's blazingly fast and responsive.  I'm still learning how to use some of the new features like the twist and open camera feature and a few other things.  I was amazed how fast netflix opened, loaded and started playing a movie.  The picture was incredibly sharp and clear.  The only downside so far is that my calls are no clearer than the ones on my previous phone.  This phone beats the Samsung Fascinate hands-down and I even think it's nicer than my wife's Galaxy S III.  And lastly, I'd like to mention that the battery life is exceptional.  I almost bought the Droid Maxx because of its advertised battery life and I'm glad I didn't.  I'm very happy with my choice so far.

Some establishing background before I detail my likes/dislikes about this phone:I have had this phone for about 7 weeks, after FINALLY replacing an old samsung flip phone--the one that they market to older consumers.  So I will admit, upfront, that I may be exhibiting extra enthusiasm due to direct comparison with that phone.  But I will also mention that I've been using a Droid Razr M as my daily driver--a phone I got from work.  I like the Razr M, it's a good size, with reasonable performance, and Motorola Smart Actions--a droid series exclusive app--is nothing short of excellent.  But, because it's a work phone, I couldn't really do much to make it my own.Enter the Moto X...Likes:Size--I have smallish hands, so I'm always taking note of how easy it is to hold something. The Moto X is a great fit in my hands, using it one-handed, or with two.  It's very comfy, and the material on the back of the phone is very pleasing to the touch, soft but grippy.Weight--this is also a subjective assessment, but it feels like this phone has heft without being heavy.  It has a sense of substance--like it's well made.  I believe that the same goes for the iPhone, but It's a fine line to walk--my wife swears her 4S is heavy enough to use a bludgeon for self defense.  I disagree, but then again, I don't use it everyday.Screen--I know that a lot of people look at this and say, &#34;no 1080p--no sale&#34; but I'm not interested in that spec chase.  This screen is bright, vibrant and crisp.  And it's using less juice than it's higher res brethren.  I'm not at all sad that it's 720p.  It's also a very good size--big, without being unwieldy.Active Notifications--this is a really novel, and really efficient, way to get quick snippets of important information from the phone.  You get good detail on incoming notifications, from a single message to several emails--all of them are easy to read, digest, and either take action on or ignore.  Well done on this feature.Android--I like iOS, I really do, and seriously considered the iPhone 5S, but the user-configurable keyboards are such a great thing, and ultimately, that was the decision point that pushed me to this side.  I am so much faster with gesture-input, it's just not even fair.  Apple really would do well to pick that up.  I've also spent a little bit of time tweaking this device to have it serve up the info I want, how I want.  It's really been nice getting it just so.  And truthfully, I didn't have do anything THAT complicated.  For folks who are looking for some good guidance, google &#34;lifehacker best apps for android 2013&#34;Voice control--I don't use this feature a lot, mainly because I don't enjoy the interruption it brings in most situations, but when I do, it's VERY good at recognizing my voice commands. I talk fairly quickly, but it still is quite accurate.Battery Life--this is all important...and subjective to how you use it...but I routinely get 2 days on a charge wihtout even trying hard.  Note--I'm on a limited data plan, so I'm actively avoiding intense activities like streaming anything.  I'm sure that helps.  But my day is typically web surfing, email, cameraKinda likes/ Kinda don't likes:Camera--it's not the best in a smartphone.  For that you go to the lumia 1020 and everything that comes with a windows phone (read: no apps)  But I have to be honest, this only needs to be as good as a cheap point and shoot.  If I know I'm going to take serious photos, I'm bringing out my dSLR.  No, it's not a great camera, it's a good-enough camera.Price--When this phone came out, it was too expensive. At the time, I bought it, it was still a little on the expensive side ($150) Who knows, it might be a penny phone by the time you read this.  I do think it's good value, and that $150 was well spent.No motomaker for big V, yet--I'm not on AT&T;, so this was a disappointment.  But I think I'll live.Definite Don't Like:Seeming lack of cases--My phone is rolling nude, because I just can't find a case that I like.  This is something you definitely want to be aware of.Bottom line, I recommended this phone to my Mom.  I wouldn't call her cutting edge, technologically, but she's no Luddite either.  But I felt confident that she would enjoy this phone as much as I have.

I think the Moto X is a great phone. It fits my hand better that all the other smartphones on the market as still has a big screen. The shape makes it comfortable to hold. The materials it is made from make it feel like quality and not cheap plastic.

Not too big, not too small.  Set-up is easy.  Google installed all my apps automatically. Battery life is exceptional.  I had to charge my old phone after only minimal use (checking text, email). This one can go over 24 hours, even with moderate use (including phone calls, text, email).

This is by far the most underrated phone on the market. With some game changing features like the touchless voice control and notification screen it is unbelievable. Despite people thinking it only has a dual core processor it actually has 8 cores. A dual core apps processor, dual core voice, and a quad core graphics processor. It is running virtually stock android. I couldn't be more happy with this phone. Absolutely love it!

Motorola has taken simple stock Android, added a couple of intelligent tweaks, and made an experience that's near perfect. No additional app stores, bloatware, or useless gimmick features to slow you down. Just clean, stock Android with a few great additions. I would recommend this phone to anybody. This is the best Android phone ever made.

I upgraded from a Galaxy Nexus and I'm loving this phone. Battery lasts 2 days easily. Voice control is solid and very handy. The materials this phone is made of don't feel cheap either.I'm on Verizon and I'd say this is the best phone you can get on their network by far.

Why dont you own this phone?

I really can't say anything that hasn't already been addressed by the many reviews and blogs.  I am pleased by everything about the device, including the ergonomics, the speed, the smoothness, the touchless controls, the battery life, the near-stock Android implementation, and the fact that it got the Kit Kat update so quickly.  I have owned the OG Droid and the Droid RAZR and was sure that I wanted the Droid Maxx, but in the end decided to go with something that is the newest design from Motorola/Google.  One thing that finally convinced me is the on-screen buttons.  There's nothing wrong with hardware buttons, but I know from having both the RAZR and the Nexus 7 that hardware buttons change the way you interact with the device slightly, and I have come to prefer the more stock Android interface of the on-screen buttons.  That's purely a personal preference, but was one of the selling points for me.

A really smart phone, easy to use, snappy, not overdone or overassuming. It fits in my hand well, responds to voice commands with precision, does exactly what it needs to do. call clarity is good, speaker is loud, display is crisp! I really like this phone, and though I know it's not the best out there in terms of specs, it certainly strikes a great balance between usability and features.and the battery life is great!

It is the best phone I have ever owned. It operates very smoothly with no lag, but every now and then my home screen well have an icon out of place with the remove  x on the top of the screen. To get everything back in its place I have to do a reboot. This is the only reason for the 4 stars. It is getting continually updated, more so than any other phone I've heard of and expect everything to be fixed soon enough.  The camera is one such example. It gets better with every update.

Bought the Verizon model for $369 after my two year contract ended.  The good news:  because I bought the phone outright, my &#34;month to month&#34; status with Verizon - and my unlimited usage - remain.  Verizon's charges irritate me, but over the last 10 years, theirs is the only service that's consistently worked from coast to coast and in Europe.  I've gotten what I've paid for.I've had the phone about two weeks, and coming from a Droid 4 that was on its last legs, this phone is a joy to use.  The &#34;OK Google Now&#34; voice control works extremely well.  Motorola Migrate moved everything, from apps to contacts, from my old Droid to the Moto X.  The one exception was my Starbucks Card app.  The Moto X won't display a bar code to allow purchases off the phone. There are several comments to that effect for both the &#34;official&#34; Starbucks app and the knock-offs.  Don't know if it's an issue with Kit Kat or Motorola installed firmware - but it doesn't work,  Other than that, all apps/contacts migrated perfectly.Battery life is a criticism of this phone, but between WiFi and 4G I get a full day's use out of it.  You need to charge it every night, but I think that's pretty much the norm for 4G phones.  I added a very nice little battery usage app that gives me a digital percentage of battery remaining on the home screen.  No complaints there.  Audio quality is also very good - certainly better than my Droid 4.  Listening and talking in an environment with moderate background noise isn't a problem.The camera is good, not great, which is consistent with most reviews.  However, I got a GREAT sunset shot in San Diego that looks just fine at 5X7.  On a computer monitor, it looks like what it is: a phone cam shot.  I'm spoiled with my Olympus E-M5, but the best camera you own is the one you have with you...and my phone is always with me.  If all you're doing is social media shots, it's fine.  I do have Snapseed, so some manipulation/enhancement is possible, but you're dealing with a VERY small (though good) sensor.I added an Incipio DualPro case and that's money well spent.  Interestingly, the rumors about the follow-on to the Moto X seem to suggest that Lenovo is going to include the DualPro as part of the phone.  It adds very little bulk and no weight and makes the phone very easy to hold, but smooth enough to slip into your pocket.  Excellent accessory.But the real reason I bought this phone is that it's the purest Android phone outside of the Nexus 5, which isn't available for Verizon.  Motorola kept their skin very simple, unlike the bloatware that infests Samsung and HTC phones.  It's not pure Android, but the Motorola skin really does make the phone function smoothly (the OK Google Now voice control is a Motorola element.)I'm very pleased.  Why four stars and not five?  If the phone knocked my socks off, it would get a five.  It doesn't, and I didn't expect it to.  I got what I wanted at a fair price:  a very good phone without the bloatware that will last me two years.  Now that Motorola is owned by Lenovo, it will be interesting to see if they develop a phone for the Western market.  Their current focus is low end phones for China, but I'm hoping in two years that they develop a good successor to the Moto X.  I'd buy it...

I've only had this device for about 15 hours, and I have not been able to keep my hands off it. It's intuitive, fast, and extremely helpful. I love Google Now, and the touchless controls is just the beginning of the service's helpfulness. The interface has a great touch control, the speakers are awesome, the battery power is incredible, the display is beautiful.I look forward to a happy and healthy life with this phone.

I like several features on this phone.  the sleep mode where only designated people can call through, the quick camera, can see text or call that came in without starting up phone.Bad: phone screen doesn't go to call history. Have to navigate there. For me the REAL deal breaker for the Moto X is the text box size.  You can only see 3 lines of any text you are typing.  To read what you wrote before sending you have to scroll through the tiny message box.  Huge problem.  You literally cannot see what you typed past the third line.  I cannot keep this phone for this problem alone.  The box should expand as you type, as it did on my HTC Evo.Another problem with the texting is they keyboard.  There are no arrow keys, so if you want to add to or delete part of a text you have to touch on the screen in that exact spot.  I do not have large fingers, and not once have I gotten the curser where I want it in the first try.  You have to keep adjusting it, and most of the time end up deleting part of the text to get to the place you want.With the exception of the keys on the top row, there are no second character shared on the keyboard. So if you want a comma, question mark,& ! $ % sign or any other symbol you will have to switch keyboards, then go back again.  Too time consuming.I will not be keeping this phone.  If the text box showed you what you type I would keep it.

I can't believe how much I love this phone. I've been running a rooted Motorola Droid Bionic and remain partial to the quality of the Motorola brand so even though I could have upgraded a couple of years ago, nothing excited me enough to buy. When I finally read the reviews of the Moto X, being a veteran geek who is also a spec-freak, I was frankly, disappointed and didn't even put it on my consideration list. Well, a one day special allowed me to get a super deal on this phone and with my Bionic getting older by the minute, decided to take a chance. Boy was I surprised when I set it up and started using it.First I'll point out that I didn't know about the new sync software that allows you to transfer data from you old phone to your new one via bluetooth. I was pleasantly surprised by how simple it was as well as how fast, and it got everything from contacts, music, video, texts and key application data and took around 15 minutes to complete. No wires, no PC, no pulling of online backups, just plain old simple.Second, I can't believe how fast this phone performs! I don't run benchmarks and don't normally subscribe to test results since I'm not using the phone for gaming or other majorly high-end tasks. And due to reading some benchmark test results, didn't expect this to be any faster than my souped up Bionic was. Wrong, wrong, wrong. I've yet to say to myself that I wished the phone was faster. Yes, it's that fast in day to day use. As well, I've now learned that I'll never own another smartphone without an Active Display such as this one has. A number of reviewers complained about the lack of notification LED's for texts, emails and Facebook so I was expecting things to be compromised. No, no, no! The Active Display is a new feature I'll never live without. Pick up the phone, it lights the display with the time, an unlock function and a list of what your phone has received. It'll show if you have emails, texts, voice messages, missed calls, software updates and Facebook updates. So obviously simple and useful, I can't believe this is the first phone to have it. I don't miss my Bionic's LED notifications at all.Third, concerns about the 720p screen where almost everyone has 1080p are the buzz in most reviews of this phone. I can say this, I love the display, it's depth of color and all. Some complain it's too color-saturated, but to me, it's better than some that claim to have much better color accuracy. It's like using Velvia film in an old 35mm camera. Rich and saturated can be beautiful and for me, a preference. Another point on the screen, it is way more accurate and sensitive to touch than the Bionic or even my original Droid. That makes navigating the phone so much easier, I'll never go back.Fourth, the camera isn't rated among the best when compared against the current crop of phones out there. But, it is still better than what I had on the Bionic and better than my wife's Droid 4 and my daughter's iPhone 5, in my opinion. The coolest part about the camera isn't the camera itself, but the "launch" procedure that allows you to open the camera and start shooting in mere seconds. A couple of quick twists of the wrist, like you're twisting a key in a lock, and wallah, camera launches without any other action required. This, to me more than makes up for it being slightly behind the cream of the crop cell phone cameras out there. And I believe it really isn't far behind the best of the best.Fifth, my Bionic had the upgraded extended battery that I upgraded to since I'm rarely stopped anywhere long enough during my work day for a recharge. On my Bionic, I got probably 30 hours before I needed a recharge. So far on this phone, I've gone 17 hours and still had 13% charge left, and without doing any power management which most other phones would need to match that. I'm not disappointed with the lack of a changeable battery at all.Sixth, lack of an SD slot was a big negative for me since I've had a 64GB microSD in my Bionic which was loaded with data, files, music, movies among other things. I expected I'd miss that, and to a small extent, I almost do. But, it only took a minor adjustment on my part to get used to pushing and pulling things from the phone as needed and so far, I don't really miss the extra storage capacity. I won't go so far as to say that having access to data on the cloud is a direct replacement for on-board storage, but it does help.Seventh, I expected such a tiny phone to have limitations with regards to the internal "radios". I can say I've lost nothing with regards to voice, WiFi, Bluetooth or 4G connectivity. The Bionic was praised for its' radios as are the Droid 4 and other Motorola phones, and this one doesn't disappoint. I still get signals with decent to good connectivity where my iPhone and Samsung brethren still can't. This surprised even me as it seems amazing that they can create effective antennae in such a small package.Eighth, I thought the smaller screen, albeit the same size as I had on my Bionic, would make me want to await a model with a larger display such as the Samsung GS4. Instead, I found I miss nothing and for the first time since I've been using a smartphone, I no longer put it in a case to sling on my belt. I tried and liked putting the Moto X in either a back or front pocket and forgoing any type of case. It also shows off the sexiness of this phone!Lastly, this phone is the first effort by the now Google owned Motorola where they did their best to keep the phone as close to "stock" Android as possible. To me, I find this to be way above the original Bionic Android "overlay" known as MotoBlur. Which, by the way, is way less of a change from stock Android than what Samsung does on their phones. The far cleaner OS, I think, is what makes this phone so fast. No I/O exchange between the overlay and the OS to slow the phone down!  Motorola continues to be my phone of choice and I'm so happy I jumped on a deal on the Moto X! I thought I was compromising just to get a great deal, instead, I find that I got way more phone than I ever expected! I'll never go back now that I have a Moto X! I'm so glad Amazon had this on sale! If it weren't for them, I'd still be using my Bionic and awaiting the "next best thing" in phones without knowing it was already out there in the form of the Moto X.Even hard core users are now coming around and being far less critical of the hardware specifications now that they've had a chance to live with the phone for awhile. If you're considering a new smartphone, please give serious consideration to the Moto X, and if you get one, I'm pretty sure you'll be as pleasantly surprised as I was. And I've been in IT for 30 years and actually attended meetings where the original cell phone concept was being proposed. How far we've come, indeed!

This phone is the best I've ever owned, and I couldn't imagine going back to an iphone after using this.  I do recommend getting the customized one unless you're someone who breaks/loses/sells/changes phones often.

I had the HTC Incredible and the Galaxy Nexus and this is by far the best phone I've had. Not only that, I tested out the HTC One and the Galaxy S4 and both phones felt slower and less responsive than this lower-spec Moto X. Clearly the focus on the X wasn't specs but user experience. They knocked it out of the park.

Super fast phone, got it for 1 penny from Amazon Wireless. Beats my last windows phone hands down. Love it.

I have been an Android user since the original Motorola Droid.  I have owned a droid incredible, droid incredible 2, I phone 4 and Galaxy Nexus. I've owned a Moto X for 3-4 months now.  I regularly follow tech blogs and do lots of shopping round before buying a product. I tried many other phone before making the choice to go with the Moto XThe goods:-Battery life is the best. It lasts through 24 hrs like they claim.  If I have low use I think I could go a day an a half.  Compared to all my previous phones this it just amazing.-Touch-less control is really nice to use and easy- Active notifications look cool and are also functional-Build quality of the phone is great, feels sturdy and light-Built in speaker is loud which i like.-Software is nice, no skin over android makes it look more simpleBad:-I was able to scratch the screen  within a couple months so now I bought screen protectors.  I hate using screen protectors. I was really hoping for more durable glass.

Very happy with my decision to get this phone. Motorola's added features, like Assist and Active Display, are great. No issues with performance. Battery is decent but nothing special. With an Otterbox Commuter case, the phone is a good size.

I hated Android prior to obtaining the Moto X. This thing is wicked. &#34;Vanilla&#34; Android is well worth it, and I'm yet to slow this thing down.The screen is just as responsive as my 5S, which was always a big stick point with me on the last Android devices I had.Battery life is spectacular. With my Pebble on all day, and in an area of poor service, still checking texts and emails, my battery lasted the entire work day (my 5S/5/4/4S would have needed a charge at around 3:00pm).If you're looking to enter the world of Android, or re-enter it, or just have a great device, the Moto X is for you.

The only reason I am not giving this phone 5 Stars is because the camera is just average. It's not terrible, but it's not great. I came from the Galaxy Nexus that had a pretty good camera on it. I also temporarily had the LG G2, which had an amazing camera, but I returned that phone for other issues. The Moto X is great for several reasons.1. Perfect size. A bit smaller than by original Galaxy Nexus. As I mentioned, I got the LG G2, but it was way too massive2. Battery Life. For a phone it's size, it has great battery life. The camera lasts all day easily with at LEAST 25% of the battery left at the end of the day. That's with doing e-mail throughout the day, Navigation for maybe an hour, playing music through car bluetooth for an hour or two, taking several pictures, at least an hour or two of web use, plus playing few video clips.3. Voice activation (aka OK Google Now). This is a SLICK feature. It's perfect for the car. All you have to do is say &#34;Ok Google Now&#34; and then &#34;Navigate to Target in Orlando&#34; or &#34;Call John Doe cell phone&#34; or &#34;Listen to U2&#34; and it will do exactly what you asked it to. It uses the Google Now that is available on any other Android, the difference being that you don't have to touch the screen or unlock the phone to activate the voice function. For anyone who drives a lot, this function would be worth buying any of the Motorola phones. It's not available from any other manufacturer4. As others have said, it has a GREAT feel in the hand and it silky smooth in function5. The notification screen is a great feature. Every few second the screen flashes with any new notifications you might have, such as new e-mail, new voice mail, etc. You don't have to unlock the phone to see what new stuff you have6. When you take the phone out of your pocket and flick your wrist, it pulls up the camera without unlocking the phone. Again, a great practical feature that has worked every time I have tried it. Allows you to grab quick photos you might otherwise missOverall the unique features of this phone are all practical, unlike many other phones whose features you barely use or don't function.I briefly had a LG G2 and returned it for a few reasons1. It was too big2. The so called &#34;knock on&#34; feature hardly ever worked3. When I turned the phone horizontal or back to vertical, often the screen would not flip backAmazon was AMAZING in how easy it was to return that phone and exchange it for the Moto X. I have bought I think 4 phones now from Amazon because they always have the cheapest price and their customer service it great.

I am very critical when it comes to phones I'm constantly switching phones every year and never satisfied until I got the Moto X. This phone is absolutely amazing I came from the S4 which I thought was terrible constantly lagging and heavy samsung touch wiz kept it from quick responses and smoothness . I feel with this phone I will actually keep it for 2 years. Love the simple experience that comes with a almost stock andriod. Camera user interface is clean unlike the s4 which had so many options by the time you came to switch the settings the scene was lost. I wish however motorola had a better camera. The screen size is perfect the battery is great. And don't be fooled that this phone does not have the high end specs because the experience you get is way better then a samsung that has the best specs out there. Over all great phone have recommended to friends and family and they all love it.

Having owned a Galaxy Tab 2 7&#34; tablet for quite awhile now I wasn't too scared to ditch my old iPhone 4 and decided to give the Moto X a shot after reading some good reviews and seeing it offered for free.  I loved my iPhone, but wasn't too thrilled with ios7 and didn't care for spending $200 on a new iPhone.  I figured if I didn't like the Moto X then I'd reactive the old iPhone or suck it up and spend the money on a new one.So far I'm pretty happy with this phone.  To keep it simple I'll give you my list of Pros & Cons:Pros:Nice size:  It has a larger screen than my old iPhone, but it's still light and fits in my pocket nicely.  I didn't want a phabletWorks well:  I think having too much &#34;stuff&#34; on top of Android can be a bad thing.  No glitches here it just all worksGoogle Voice:  This works much better than I expected and seems better than Siri does on my wife's iPhoneMotorola Migrate:  It was pretty darn easy to go from iPhone to Android.  I got my Contacts and Music easily.Android:  There are some nice customizable features that Android has.  I'm too lazy to get into it, but you can do some cool thingsCons:Voice Mail:  iPhone has this nicely laid out, but I have to dial *86 here?  WTF did I go back in time?  Luckily the Google Voice app is as good if not better, but why do I have to download an app just for voicemail?  And Verizon charges for Visual VoiceMail?  Seriously?Camera:  If you take a lot of pics then skip this phone.  It's &#34;good enough&#34;, but most phones now take better picsE-mail:  Links in some e-mails don't work.  I'm sure there's some setting to fix this, but I haven't found it yet.  Just another little thing that isn't a big deal, but wouldn't even be a problem with an iPhone.That's it really.  It's a solid capable phone.  Too bad Google ditched Motorola because the next generation might've been really, really good.  I still think these phones need to be a bit better set up out of the box like iPhone, but they're getting there.  Had I paid $100 or $200 for this phone I'd be disappointed only with the camera and voicemail because otherwise everything works like it should and the size is right for me.

The Moto X is an excellent phone in all respects.  But I cannot recommend verizon as the carrier.  I have UNLIMITED, NO CONTRACT service on the Moto X for $25 a month and that is only available from Republic Wireless.  They also offer an unlimited cell and text plan for only $10 a month. They use Sprint cell with Verizon roaming, and use WIFI connections where neither is available.  That makes it extremely accessible. It is revolutionary, and it saves a fortune.  I have been using Republic for over a year and a half now I recommend them to everyone I know.  They sell the Moto X for $299 or the Moto G for $149.  And they provide every customer with a detailed referral link that gives you an additional $20 off when you join:  [...]

I was a little hesitant to bite the bullet on the Moto X given my lackluster experience with Motorola hardware in the past (Droid Bionic and Razr M). However the $50 contract price with Verizon, and the fact that this is Google's first &#34;vertically integrated&#34; phone since the purchase of Motorola, sent me over the edge and I went for it.I am so glad I did. I'm not a &#34;spec freak&#34; by any means. This is hands down the best UI experience I've ever had on a smartphone. Screen flips are quick, the pulse feature is amazing, and I even have better reception with this unit compared to others in the past. The speaker is VERY loud, especially for being on the back, and the stock Android environment gives you the smartphone experience Google had in mind. It will make you wonder why the carriers were ever able to get away with their skinning and bastardization of Google's product. The hardware proves that clock speed isn't everything.Battery life has surpassed my Razr M by almost double. I'm a moderate user and can go 24 hours without a charge, but end up charging every night out of habit.If there was any one thing to nitpick on, which there barely is, it would be the &#34;pulse&#34; feature. It is liberating and refreshing to have the phone sense that I've taken it out of my pocket or picked it up off the table and present me with the unlock screen without pushing a button. However this tends to backfire occasionally as I've developed a bad habit of carrying too many things in my hands at once, including my phone in between two fingers. This of course registers as a screen touch on the unlock screen and can end up unlocking the phone when I don't want it to. But that is seriously the only negative I can think of at this time.In summary, this is the best phone available for people that value usability and design over arbitrary specifications.

Posting this from my phone: I really love the phone. The screen is beautiful and even in bright light is clear. The camera isn't perfect but is more than enough for sending pics from home to my hubby on the road. Battery life is less than perfect if you spend s lot of time with apps running actively. I'be had it for a month and can't imagine what I did without it!

I have cycled through a lot if phones over the past couple months trying to find one I like - iphone 5, galaxy note 2, a Nokia Lumia, etc. This one is the one I'm keeping, though it's hard to convey why I like it better than the others. What it comes down to is that the Moto X is FUN.It's the little things - saying "OK Google Now" and dictating a text to my wife while the phone is across the room. Instantly opening the camera with a double twist motion to capture whatever cute thing my son is doing. And the battery-saving Active Notifications are more helpful than I expected. On top of that, the Moto X is a surprisingly small phone compared to its competitors. Although it has the same screen size as the HTC One, it feels much smaller and easier to hold and operate one-handed. (Relatively speaking. I'm a big guy, so I can't speak to how someone with smaller hands would feel about it.)It doesn't have the outrageous specs, 1080 screen, or software gimmicks of the S4 or HTC One.  Even so, I've not noticed any lag, and the screen is plenty sharp.  Plus, in my opinion, the Moto X has way more character than either of those other phones.Add one final point, this phone is assembled in the US, rather than overseas. If you're stuck on the fence, maybe that little tidbit will encourage you to opt for the Moto X.

Motorola and Google joined forces to make the Moto X and it is quite a refreshing experience. First, a little background. I've been on the Android bandwagon since the original Moto Droid, then moved onto the HTC thunderbolt and then the galaxy nexus. I really have grown very fond of stock android and the moto x runs very near to stock android with some very useful additions, including active notifications, touchless control, and a suite of useful moto apps (Assist, Moto care, Migrate).First I wanna talk about active notifications. When you pull the phone out of your pocket and look at the screen the time appears on the screen and any notifications you have received. This feature alone makes the moto x amazing, think of how many times a day you pull your phone our of your pocket to see if you have a message or to check the time, I know I do it a lot. So this was such a brilliant idea.Next touchless control, the phone will have you train it to your voice saying &#34;OK Google Now&#34; and the phone will wake up and wait for you to issue a command like set alarm for 5 am or send a text message. Its really useful especially if your busy doing something and you want to send a quick text or whatever.I really like the assist app as it detects when you're driving and will read texts to you and automatically respond to those whom textyou to let them know your driving. Plus it had settings for meetings and sleeping, it's a great feature. The Moto care app is nice cause it gives you tips based on how you use your phone to help you improve performance or battery life for example, I feel like it is a great feature that is helpful for those new to android.As far as the performance of the Moto x, it fly's, its very smooth and handles just about any game I throw at it in stride. The screen, 720p, yeah but it looks gorgeous, and really who needs 1080p on a phone screen. I've also been really impressed with the sound of the speaker, it has a real rich sound. Phone calls are nice and clear. I am amazed with how good the reception for 4G LTE and 3G is on this phone, on all my previous phones, I very rarely could get any reception at work, I have yet to have a day at work where I don't get great reception. And the battery life has been fantastic, with my usage which is a couple of hours on screen time and texts and some gaming the battery has been making it through about a 15 hour day with around 25 - 35% left, and that's leaving the data on all day, couldn't even dream of doing that with previous phones, as my battery would just drain.If I have one gripe its the camera. It's not horrible, it's just that it doesn't always take the greatest pictures. Outside it takes fantastic pictures, but inside, if not in very good lighting pictures tend turn out grainy. I have noticed that if the lens get dirty the pictures will consistently be out of focus, so do yourself a favor and wipe off the lens prior to taking pictures. I will say I am impressed at how well the camera can see in low lighting situations, but unfortunately the low light pictures tend to be less than satisfactory, but really its a camera on a phone, I don't expect to it take professional grade low light pictures.In conclusion, I think the Moto x is a real winner. With all the innovative features that Motorola built into the phone to me it makes the Moto X one of the greatest smart phones in years. And you owe it to yourself to check it out and see what a smartphone should be.

I've had a Droid since the day Droid came out - I've researched iPhones and always take another look when a new one comes out, but Apple still does not have enough to offer someone not immersed in an all-Apple ecosystem. I use both Macs and PCs and own an iPad, but Android is my choice of phone OS.Typically, my Droid-based phones do well for about 12 months, then start crawling, then I restore the phone, then it works fine for a few months, then I restore, and the cycle continues. So far, I haven't had an issue with my Moto X and it is the best phone I have owned (good news for anyone on an upgrade track). I do with the voice controls were a bit more responsive - my wife always laughs at me when I say &#34;OK Google Now&#34; 15 times in a row with different intonation - but Google is moving Motorola in the right direction, and Google's fingerprints are all over this device.If you want awesome wireless service, go with Verizon. I'm very impressed with this phone and I looked at quite a few - Samsung, Apple, HTC, etc. - and went with the Moto X for a few reasons, not the least of which is that this phone is a pretty good indication of what Google has done - and will do - now that they own Motorola. It's American-made, feels great in my hand, works well, places calls, lets me text, and it's my GPS for my business. Integration with Google services is awesome, but I'm always anxious for more.My only complaint is that Verizon only has the Black model available and the customization is limited to AT&T; for now - I guess if you want a pink and purple phone that looks pretty but you can't make or receive calls on half the time, go for it. For now, I'm happy with my black model that I'll be able to resell when I look for an upgrade, but I'm an Android user so unlike the Apple crowd, I do like some degree of customization.

After researching the GS4, HTC One and MotoX, I decided to go with the Moto X. I'm glad I did. This is a great phone and I got it for a great price. The Active Notifications feature is fantastic. Speed is great.

This has been the best phone I have had. It is easy to use, the size is just right and everything just works.

For ages now phone manufacturers have been playing the seasonal spec game. Each of them one-upping the others with every new crop of devices. The thing is that shiny new ___________ processor and ____________ screen only retains its crown until the next new thing makes it relatively obsolete (if you like living on the bleeding edge of tech as I do).That doesn't mean those phones are diminished in quality but it means if you play into the spec game you are buying a phone that will be cutting edge and discussion worthy for a relatively short period of time. However, every once in awhile someone comes out with something really innovative - something that transforms how you use your device itself.My last phone was a Galaxy Note II and getting that massive screen + stylus with associated software apps really changed what I came to expect my phone was capable of. I swore then that I would never go back to a more compact form factor, attributing most of what I liked about GN2 to the massive display. Turns out I was wrong...Fast-forward a bit and I am enjoying the Moto X in that same fundamentally different capacity. It just changes what you expect your phone should do, and that's the sort of thing that doesn't lose its luster over time. It raises your expectations. I've used/tested basically every premium phone out right now and I can say there are none better than the Moto X. On paper a few may look more attractive, but in actual use the Moto X wins without question.You owe it to yourself to go try one out and particularly give yourself time to play with the initial setup, when the Moto X will learn your voice and show off its low power voice processing capability. Talking to your phone was previously a cool gimmick that penalized already stretched battery life. With the Moto X it is an awesome and integral part of how you use the device. Battery life is exceptionally good - I get a full two days with average use, easily 1.5 days with heavy use and my only complaint is that I often forget to plug it in at all because I don't have to constantly think about charging my phone.For Google's first product since clearing the old Motorola backlog they really hit a homerun.

great phone. I would recommend it anybody looking to upgrade from an Iphone. LOVE IT MORE EVERYDAY THAT I USE IT.

Overall I have been very happy with this phone and would highly recommend it.  This is a great Android phone for an unbeatable price.  I have been using it for about 10 days now since purchase.  I'll hit a few things here that I like and a few areas for improvement.  The four stars is simply because I have suggestions for improvement that should be implemented.  My previous phone was a Motorola Droid 4, so any comparisons are to that.General Use/UI:The almost stock android is great.  The UI is very quick and has not locked up on me.  There's no visible indication at all that this phone is not at the top of the specs.  My Droid 4 would occasionally have trouble keeping up on the UI.Physical DesignComing from the Droid 4 which was thick due to the physical keyboard, this phone is MUCH thinner and somewhat lighter.  It feels good in the hand.  The screen size is just right to handle with one hand, and the power and volume buttons are also located well for one handed operation.  Fingerprints don't show on the back and are easily wiped off the screen.  Overall seems sturdy and well constructed, though I'm a little concerned about the volume and power buttons eventually having problems.Camera:After figuring out the gesture to unlock the phone (twisting wrist twice) I have found this feature to be very nice and has always activated the camera very quickly.  Camera images and video are of comparable or better quality than my Droid 4, but the camera app is MUCH faster to activate.Active DisplayI thought I would have no use for this feature and would disable it, but I've found it's kind of nice to be able to pick up the phone and then unlock it without having to find and press the power button.  You can also go straight to a notification from the active display, but if you have a pattern lock or pass code you still have to enter that, kind of defeating the purpose of it.  I have noticed that the active display does seem to turn on more often than it should (sitting in a locker at the gym, sitting on my leg while driving, etc) but it does not appear to have a serious impact on battery life.Battery LifeI'm pretty impressed so far.  It gets through a whole day of moderate use (which for me means a bunch of texting, checking Facebook and twitter several times, and running some other apps several times).  Usually by the end of the day (starting at 8:30am and being ready to plug in at 10:30pm) I'm hovering in the 20-30% range.  I am on Wifi for a large part of my day, and I know that helps.  I did notice what I thought was more significant battery drain in a low signal environment (leaving it in my gym locker), but worked around it by connecting to a nearby open wifi network.  I'll be very curious to see how the battery holds its ability to charge after 12-18 months.Moto ConnectThis is a very useful addition for those who are in class (like me) and want to see who's calling or who texted without having to check their phone.  However, it needs some work.  I had some initial trouble getting it set up (had to go activate it on the phone, it looked like it was going to suggest it to me at some point soon).  It also frequently does not sync correctly and has to be re-opened on the computer to force it (this usually happens after I send a message, the message I sent doesn't show up for a few minutes on the computer, but sends immediately from the phone).  That being said, I haven't had it fail to send or receive messages yet.  It cannot handle multi-media messages, only SMS.  I also don't like that it's integrated into Chrome, but Google made it so I guess I can't blame them.  Most of the problems with this seem to be on the Chrome side, not with the phone, and I would expect these to be fixed without having to change out the phone.Voice ActivationI've found this kind of nice, the phone wakes up about 75% of the time when I use the wake up phrase.  When it does, it does a good job of recognizing my voice and what I want it to do.  Setting reminders using this is awesome.  So is asking it to call someone or text someone.  My one big complaint about this is that if you have a lock of some kind (I use a pattern lock), you have to enter it before you can do a lot of functions with voice.  My suggestion of how to fix it: Have an audible pass phrase or pass word that you say to unlock the phone.  Entering the pattern most times is not a problem, but when driving, cooking, or other times you have dirty or unavailable hands, it would be awesome to use an audible password to unlock.That covers everything I have on this phone for now, I'll come back and update it if I have anything to update.

really like my phone, only thing i dont like is the low amount of photo or video that i can send via text. no real complaints on my end

The Moto X is a bit smaller than most flagship phones. I prefer this; the size is perfect to slip in my shirt pocket. I don't feel I've given up anything significant in usability; the screen is beautifully crisp.The feature that sealed the deal for me was the option to choose a wood back. I ordered mine the day they became available. When I showed it to a friend and artist with an iPhone, she exclaimed at how much more attractive my Moto X is, and how its curved back is much more comfortable in the hand.Web browsing is slick, and streaming video runs seamlessly. I have been able to set up email, transfer contacts, etc., with little fuss.Audio quality on calls has been completely adequate.The voice activated system works like a champ--I just ask the phone to dial someone in my contact list, and it does it! I can also ask it to look things up. If there's an unambiguous answer, the Moto X will speak the result, e.g. &#34;The drive to NYC from your location is 213.1 miles.&#34; Otherwise, links to relevant sites appear in the browser. The whole experience is just a pleasure.I've been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the photos I've taken with my Moto X. I took a few interior photos at night that look clear, with accurate colors and with no noticeable graininess. I also took a tricky photo of a sunset. I used the feature to select the area on which to focus and set the exposure. The result was a perfectly respectable, atmospheric shot; not quite what I would get in RAW mode on my DSLR, but pretty darned close.Oh, the feature to open the camera with a couple of flicks of the wrist took a little getting used to--the flicks have to be in rapid succession, within a second or so. However, that's a well-appreciated trick.I have been getting about 36 hours of use from a single battery charge.So far (a couple of weeks), I haven't run into a significant downside to this phone. It's been love at first sight.

This is hands down the best phone I have seen/heard of/used/owned since the original droid came out years ago.The OG droid still is my favorite phone so far, due to it still working in a usable way and not having to be bogged down by anything.This phone's only problem is the locked bootloader. Buy the developer phone and it will have none of my cons.i'm not doing a long review, but if you want to konw, go to reddit and look at the subreddit moto x to get an update of what people feel about the phone and how it really is to own one.Only thing i can add if you are researching this phone, a lot of negative things come up about battery life. The battery life is awesome if you get the settings right. By that i mean there is this one thing called the art cache(Android Run Time) that can be enabled on this phone that allows me to get days off a charge it has also helped some friends of mine on the battery side too. on a light day i maybe loose 30% after 12 hrs. on a very heavy day i can drain it in under 5 hrs, but that's using it as a gaming device.Get this phone!!I know you may think, 'well it's not the fastest processor' or 'it doesn't have a 1080p screen' or 'you can't remove the battery'.Remember back in the day of the just ipod? no video, no internet, no nothing. if it crashed what did you do? open the case and remove the battery? i don't tihnk so, you held down the hardware reset keys. Just like here. It's nostalgic to me. the non 1080p screen. Really? you can see the difference? wow. i still use 1080p on a 50' tv and i think the quality is absolutely fantastic. i don't need that compressed down to the size of my hand. not having that also allows it's weaker gpu to perform better than the others.not the fastest processor? i beg you to show me anywhere i need it. just because it's lacking in that aspect doesn't make it not the most responsive phone on the market ever. i think it very well may be. i have used it stock for over 2 months now. still acts like the day i got it. i have thrown it down stairs, no case on. and there are no blemishes at all. The stock android is not bloated down with other tasks so you actually do see an improvement on speed in almost all cases over the competition. go this phone!If you haven't tried google now or active notifications, they have changed the landscape of how i use a phone. i will only buy phones now that incorporate those features. i hope to achieve that is why google sold motorola.

This phone has been wonderful for over 4 months now.I came from a Galaxy Nexus so I was hoping to have as close to a stock android experience as possible. Motorola has added little things here and there but every enhancement is actually an enhancement, not a reskinning or rebranding of something that already exists in stock android.Active Notifications:If you work in a indoor desktop environment like I do, active notifications are WONDERFUL. Just leave your phone on your desk and when you hear a buzz you just glance at it to know if it is a email, txt msg, or app notification. Even if you keep your phone 90% of the time in your pocket it is still wonderful because the instant you pull your phone out of your pocket, the notification displays what type of message you received. You can just press and hold down to see the notification msg, or chose to swipe up to view the whole message in the application.No swiping down the notification tray to see a little more detail to decide if you want to actually open the notification. It is all built into active notifications.Camera:This is what most people complain most about on this camera. As a freelance photographer it was a big concern to me as well reading reviews. I have found this can be a very good camera if you know what your doing. If you know where you want to set the exposure of the image on. This can easily be learned. I have gotten some wonderful shots that rival my DSLR. I would say the camera is not perfect, but it is still really really good. Also twisting your wrist to pull up the camera is WONDERFUL if you have kids. You can snap a shot in a couple seconds, before the moment is over.Speakers:I am not an expert at sound, but I think it is good enough for me. The high end is very very loud, the bass is lacking a bit. Overall it is loud enough for my notifications ringtones, and playing videos and music.Battery:This phone will last through most peoples day easily. Most people are reporting it lasts about 4 hours of screen on time. Which unless you are planning to game on it for an couple hours, or surf the web for a 3 hours a day it will probably last you through the day and still have a little bit left at the end of the day.

The perfect size phone & comes from Texas (not China). Easy quick photo feature is great & customization is even better. Motorola for life

The best android phone I've ever owned. The build quality and smart software make this phone a pleasure to use.

Just a warning. If you break a Moto X, just throw it away and buy a new one. I sent my phone with a cracked screen to Motorola which they received 15 days ago. Thanksgiving was in the time period, but I still don't have a phone.It fell less than 2 feet onto concrete and the screen cracked. I called at least 6 prominent phone repair services in NYC (excluding iphone specialists) and none had the replacement screen available. I sent it to Motorola. On return the gererate a shipping label 36 hours before Fedex actually gets the phone. That generates a false expectation in Fedex's tracking system - a promised next day delivery that won't be met. When called they say their goal is a five working day turnaround to get it into my hands. Non-work days (weekends) makes the minimum door to door repair turnaround 9 or 10 days.But Motorola could not fix phone - a cracked screen, the phone worked fine. They sent me a dirty, sticky (did not remove with a damp cloth) and deformed (a lump on the back )replacement phone. They then agreed to send a new replacement phone. They called two days later and said they didn't have a white one, would black be OK. I said yes. It's now 6 days since they agreed to replace the replacement and Fedex still doesn't have the phone. Should arrive on day 16. Motorola, nice phone, but your repair operation is a disaster.

I love this phone - except as a phone. People constantly complain that my voice is being clipped and they can't understand what I'm saying. Two replacements later and the problem persists. Never had anything like this happen with previous phones. Can't believe I'm stuck with this stuck piece of crap for another two years.

Unlike other reviews my experience with this phone was somewhat mixed. Mainly the battery life claims seem to be exaggerated unless I got a lemon. With no apps running, no gaming, no streaming, no video or music the battery on this phone would be 60% after only 5 hours of just sitting on my hip in a holster. Motorola specifically used a lower resolution screen to preserve battery life but they failed. No matter how I tweaked the settings it remained the same. Even returning it to the store to have an "expert" from Motorola adjust it nothing changed. Based on all the great reviews i thought i got a lemon. They refused to exchange the phone for me without charging me a restocking fee and the manager said the battery performance was the same as his moto x. I returned it for a Galaxy s4 (only way i could avoid the fee) and couldnt be happier. Battery life is better with a much better screen to boot. All the features on moto x are on s4 and even more so on s4. Be wary of an android phone with a non removable battery, you wont be able to do a hard reset on this phone as android phones sometime require with a battery pull. Better options are available.

Phone as promised, great packaging, All instructions included, easy to order on-line and set-up once received.New at using this style of phone still uncertain on rating conformance. Replaced an old phone that lost battery life, so far I get get 3 days of battery life, but don't use my phone much.

Great battery life and features. Voice activation is simple and it does everything you might want it to do and more.

Excellent. Fits well in the hand, contours of the phone's back make it seem smaller than it is. The screen is very good and the bezel is thin. A lot of screen real estate for the size of the phone. And it's perfectly responsive to touch. KitKat os is fantastic, the best Android version yet imo. I don't know why this device doesn't sell better. Maybe because of the HTC One, I don't know. But I like it!

Wife was considering an iPhone 5s and test drove both devices. Much happier with the Moto X, not even close. I reached the same conclusion regarding my personal device. Large clear screen without being too large, perfect fit in the hand. Responsiveness perfect, interface excellent, battery life is amazing. Active notifications and driving mode are marvelous. Delighted customer.

I noticed the phone seemed hotter than normal during the day.  Went to bed and it was fine, when i awoke the next morning the phone was off and it would not charge or start up.  I assume the battery melted, otherwise the phone worked great.

The phone is of excellent quality, but as with all other android phones...something is missing. The ability to multitask and to use desktop versions of websites is still okay at best. A good phone, that could have been great.

This is one of the best phones currently available. After shopping around, I wasn't able to find a better price than Amazon.

My smartphone history is Droid X -&#62; Droid RAZR MAXX -&#62; Moto X.I got the Moto X with 32GB of storage which I highly recommend if you plan on storing any music or movies on the device as this way you will not run out of space too quickly. Would have liked an option for 64GB but I can manage with 32GB.First off, this device operates flawlessly. I don't experience lag anymore. Overall it is just very smooth to use. On my Droid RAZR MAXX, by comparison Google Now was often slow to load up, search results from there where a test of your patience and the Chrome browser was just a nightmare to use. On the Moto X these things run butter smooth and I could not be more happy.Battery life may not be as good as the Maxx but I find it more than adequate and frankly, I like the form factor of this phone very much, that the trade-off was well worth it. The phone fits very comfortably in my hand. I really like the curved back as it makes it feel so natural. Also the smaller size of the phone as compared to some of the other Android phones was something I wanted.Regarding the screen quality. On my RAZR MAXX you could see jagged edges on text. On this phone the graphics are very sharp and I can't see any jagged edges. Essentially I find the screen resolution to be as sharp as I really care for. Perhaps a higher resolution screen would look nicer, but frankly I have no complaint about this screen.I could go on in more detail but to phrase it simply I think this phone offers for almost everyone an ideal Android experience. I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking into getting an Android phone. This is not a mid-tier device, this is a top-end device that is made for a normal person.

I was really happy with this purchase. The instructions on the back of the package were clear and concise. The protector itself was sturdy and didn't have that weird sticky feeling I've experience with other products. Even better was the low price and Prime shipping.I'd definitely recommend finding a relatively dust free location and using a can of air spray to ensure no small particles are left on your screen before applying. That'll help avoid any annoying air pockets you can't squeeze out.

Let me tell you, this phone is amazing. I recently upgraded from the iPhone 3gs. The iPhone 3gs was so slow and scrappy. I upgraded to this phone and it has been great so far. Android for life !!

What a great phone.  Don't focus on the specs, focus on how it works.  This phone flat out performs other phones that may have better specs and it does it with ease.  I would recommend this phone to anyone and everyone.  It's so much better than my wife's iPhone 5s, I hold that thing and think it's toy-like.  This Moto X is so much more powerful, smooth, and easy to use.  Wow!  It's better than the HTC One I had for a few months too.  The battery surprises me every day too, very pleased with how the battery lasts with very little power management efforts.

I finally replaced my origonal Droid Phone (4Years Old) with this Moto X. Theres no comparison. I like it a lot. its very fast. What i like the most is the near stock Android. We use the Galaxy S4 at work, and the galaxy is more complicated to use with all the layers of samsung software. Also a Plus, the Moto X is a bit smaller, so it's much more comfortable in the hand and pocketable.

I extremely love this phone. It runs basically stock Android witch I love, Google Now feature is fast and responsive and overall a extremely fast and good experience! But, they do crack easy. I cracked my first one and got a free one from Motorola. Also, the camera lacks a lot so if you expect to be taking extreme high quality photos, this is not for you.

best phone I have owned. The battery uptime is great and don't let the 720p screen stir you away, you cant tell the difference on these small screens anyway.

Phone was amazing cool easy to use features quick camera access only issue I had was I was due for upgrade and I called amazon and virizon both be for purchase and the guy from amazon said to choose the same plan for both phone since I was out of my unlimited plan and I got charges by virizon two 10 g plans and what I was told would switch over to the 10g shared plan since it was not and option On the web site thanks tech support and Verizon merry Xmas  400$ phone bill  before the holidays

I've been really happy with this phone.  It's not perfect, but it does what I need to do.  The Active Display feature is tremendously useful.  I take advantage of it all the time.  The Touchless Control feature is moderately useful.  The voice recognition is not as good as I had hoped, and if you're phone is locked (as mine always is) then it's not really touchless.  So I find I rarely use that feature.  The physical design of the phone is excellent.  It feels really good to hold in my hand.

As an android phone, I can say it is very lightweight. It doesn't have so much bloatware as many other androids have. I also have a Nexus 10, the feel and look of Moto X is very similar to a pure Android device. The moto specific apps are also very cool (like active display, assist...etc). I am very happy with my Moto X. We actually have 2 of them, and didn't have any issues so far. Battery goes long enough for us (1-1.5 days).

I love this phone.  Everything works great and is a much needed upgrade from the Incredible 1.  The reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because my phone arrived with a permanent red filter on the camera.  It appears that the lens or the glass is actually red and all pictures come out tinted red.

Absolutely love this phone. Compared this to the HTC One, Samsung GS4 and the Droid line from Verizon. Went with this phone for several reasons. First, the active display is absolutely the best thing to happen to notifications. I don't think I'll ever go back to the blinking green LED indicators. Being able to quickly glance at the phone and see what is going on is so much better than constantly unlocking your phone. Second, the small form factor is really appealing, it fits very nicely in your hand and I can reach all parts of the display comfortably, also slides into and out of pockets well. Button placement on the Moto X is preferred over the HTC One (the top left power button on the One is very awkward to reach) and the matte finish of the backplate is preferred over the slick plastic backplate on the GS4. Finally, I feel that this phone is a great value (I paid $100 for it with 2 yr contract on verizon). It doesn't have the best camera or display on the market but it's a fast phone that is reliable, has incredible battery life and really works well in the real world.

I bought this phone about two months ago and could not be happier! I was very disappointed with the performance of the Galaxy S4 (owned for 5 months) in terms of battery life, UI, design, etc and needed an upgrade. I decided to pick up the Moto X and it is easily the best phone I've owned. (My smart phone history: Palm Pre Plus &#62; iPhone 4 &#62; iPhone 5 &#62; Galaxy S4). The best thing about the phone is that even though it doesn't have the best numbers (display PPI and resolution, battery life, processor, camera), it performs like a champ! I bought the Galaxy S4 because it had all the numbers, but the only thing that ever stood out to me was the PPI.Pros:- Near-Stock Android Interface (much faster browsing the menus compared to TouchWiz)- Rounded Back (Feels amazing in your hands)- 4.7inch screen (in my opinion, the best screen size. I have average/small fingers, so it's tough using a 5in+ phone with only one hand)- Touchless Control (three speakers so the phone can be in any position)- Display (it might not have a high PPI or resolution, but it looks amazing. Not on par with my old S4, but the differences obvious)- Moto X maker- The phone doesn't have the best speaker (not on par with HTC One), but you can adjust all of the audio settings to make it sound way above average- Active Display (easily the best feature)- Driving Mode (this works near flawlessly.. Whenever I step in the car the phone goes into driving mode and will read me any texts I get, and let me respond without even touching the screen! Only flaw is that if I'm playing music it doesn't lower/mute the music so I can hear the voice)- UI (It's not loaded with bloatware compared to a lot of Android phones)- Camera (This is in most cons lists, but I think it's a decent quality camera. It's not even close to the S4 in terms of picture quality, but the fact that you can twist the phone twice to open the camera quickly is awesome! One big advantage this phone has over other cameras is the autofocus works almost flawlessly and the UI is perfect. I have not taken enough selfies to judge the front facing camera)- Battery life pre 4.4.2 update. Before the KitKat update, the battery life on this phone was incredible. I could use the phone all day and end up with my battery life between 60-70%.Cons:-  Touchless Control if you have a password (makes the feature useless because for most features you have to pick up the phone to unlock it anyway. The phone only recognizes my voice anyway)- Battery Life post 4.4.2 update (before I could keep WiFi and Bluetooth on and not worry about charging it all day, now even with the features only enabled when I use them, I am below 50% after 3/4 of a day. Rumors state that this will be fixed, who knows.)- You have to dig deep into the settings to change specific soundsI highly recommend this phone.

I can't get over how much I love this phone. I bought a Moto X used to get me over until the new large iPhone comes out. I like this phone so much that I won't be going back to iPhone. The pure Android experience with this phone is great. If the Apple loving folks would just give a phone like this a chance, they may never go back.

I have had bigger phones, I've had flashier phones.  Iphone, galaxy, small, large, usually about two a year.This phone has no right to be as good as the Galaxy. It shouldn't be this nice to read on, it shouldn't be this fast or feel this smooth.  But it does, and it is brilliant.Except for a bug where it won't play an artist via voice commands, it does everything it is supposed to, without any hassle.  Nothing stutters, it always hears you give it a command, it takes fast pictures and plays great sounding music.  It feels great to hold and sounds great on phone calls.The best part is, you don't have to think about any of it.  You don't have to worry about battery life at the end of the day.  It just does what it is supposed to. This is an experience is never had from an Android phone before. I don't love using it, I don't hate using it... I don't think about the fact that I'm using it.  I just use the phone and it works.  (stupid music bug aside).

Let me preface this review by saying that I have owned many Android smart phones including the original Droid, Droid X, Droid RAZR Maxx, Droid DNA, and Galaxy S3.  While the MOTO X doesn't compare to some of the previous devices spec wise, it is by far the best smart phone I've had the pleasure of using.  The software features are intuitive and very useful, and they can only get better with time. This coupled with hardware that feels incredible in hand makes the MOTO X a great daily driver and in my opinion the best Android phone available today.

Got this phone to replace a Samsung Galaxy S3.Went from a Blackberry Pearl -&#62; Motorola Original Droid -&#62; Samsung Fascinate -&#62; Samsung Galaxy S3 -&#62; Motorola Moto X.The S3 was nice, but took forever to find a GPS signal which I found extremely annoying as I use my phone to navigate quite a bit. This phone (and the Original Droid) finds a GPS signal immediately and never seems to lose the signal - another issue I had with my Samsung phones.The fact that it is running close to stock Android is a huge plus for me as well - Motorola seems to be very good about pushing updates out lately.The size of the phone is nice too - the S3 seemed a lot bigger than this. This phone fits my hand a lot better.Overall just a much tighter package, better build quality, and better features. More than the sum of its parts is a good way to describe it.

I have had this phone coming on 6 months now, and I honestly couldn't be happier. My last two smart phones were the HTC Droid Incredible and the Galaxy Nexus. Both of these phones had issues with memory, restarting, stuttering and lagging after just a few months. Plus, I was charging both of them at least 3 times a day. In my Moto X, I haven't noticed many stutters or restarts. I do have some, and that's just gonna happen with any phone, but it is minimal. Plus, I regularly get to the end of a full day of moderate-heavy phone use wihtout even getting the low battery warning.I also very much like Stock Android. Motorola has added a few features to this phone, but fortunately they didn't alter Stock Android.The hands free stuff is great, if a little finnicky. However, my favorite addition is Active Display. This desparately needs to be on all Android phones. As soon as you flip your phone over, take it out of your pocket, or get a text, it will display the time and if you have any notifications. You can then simply tap the screen to view the message, while only partially powering the screen on, saving battery. Not only does it give me the information as soon as I want/need it and saving battery life for messages I won't reply to immediately, it also saves how often I use the power button, theoretically making that less likely to bust like on some phones. Plus, you can fully customize which apps can display notifications on Active Display. It's nothing short of revolutionary.In the past, I was always the first person to compare phone specs, and on paper, this one had me worried. The processor just didn't seem to have the same &#34;oomph&#34; as the other big hitters out there. However, Motorola and Google have done a fantastic job optimizing the OS and device to get the most out of the processor, without sacrificing battery life. It can hold it's own with the graphics heavy games.A lot of people have been ragging on the cameras, but I've had no problems. Granted, I'm just a very casual photo taker. But when I do take photos, I always open the camera by twisting the phone twice, like a door handle. This takes you straight into the Moto X camera, and is very handy for when  you need that pic on the go.Like I said, this phone performs great with excellent battery life, near stock Android, and that perfect Active Display. When I got this phone, Verizon did not offer Motomaker. I would customize my phone had I had the opportunity, but I'm still very happy. Get a good case, and I think this one will be able to hold out past the average 2 year contract.

Bought this for the wife for her first smartphone. Why people suggest an iphone for usability hasn't tried a MOTOX. I myself have a galaxy nexus and have been due for a upgrade but can't seem to find the perfect phone or something better than my nexus. The Motox just might be that phone. My only issue is it is a tad smaller than the nexus and going down in size is something I dont want to do. This phone is beautiful, smart and sophisticated. My wife was and is extremely pleased with my choice for her.

I have had this phone for seven months now. I conclude I do not like it. I researched extensively before getting it. Things that disappoint me the most are the photos, music, forced Google, and lack of reliability. The picture quality and ease of taking photos is NOT as expected. In many situations photos of the same people/event come in sequence all with different colors and many are out of focus.  I consider myself reasonably intelligent, but the randomness of the photo quality (when I do the same thing each time) disappoints me. The phone sometimes randomly dials somebody or starts an app all by itself. This has been embarrassing and confusing to me. I have had the phone sitting on my desk at work and it has dialed a number at random without me even touching the phone. This is very strange behavior. The phone requires you to drink the Google Kool-Aid. I am sooooooooooo sorry I activated the Google plus account. Now regardless of all the attempts to disable it, it will not allow me to uninstall it. Now my bluetooth and emailing of photos have stopped working. Coincidence? I think not. My blue tooth and emailing of photos worked fine UNTIL I started up the &#34;free&#34; cloud back-up of my photos with Google +. Now, the ONLY way I can manipulate photos is NOT from the phone storage, but from the CLOUD. And this does not work very well. And, since the phone has no sim card, internal storage is limited for photos and music. I uploaded about six CDs and that's it. No more will fit. I have a huge music library and if the phone had expandable memory, I could take more music with me. Lastly the phone will not communicate any more with my Macbook pro. All the blogs that say to download this or download that do not work. For example, the Android Share app downloaded but will not open. The USB on my computer recognizes that a &#34;camera&#34; is attached when I hook up the phone via USB, but no app will allow me to upload photos or music to and from my Mac via this method. Now since the emailing and bluetooth no longer work, the only way I can get photos to my i-photo is to upload them onto my husband's PC, transfer them to a flash drive, and THEN upload them to my Mac. This is such a waste of time. The hands-free while driving no longer works as it used to. I have not changed any settings, but now the phone only SOMETIMES reads text messages to me. I no longer can respond to any text message other than using the auto, I AM DRIVNG NOW response. The voice recognition used to be great, but the other day I asked OK GOOGLE NOW to call &#34;DOTTIE MOBILE&#34; (my mom) and it dialed the New Jersey State Police. What is this about?? I am happy for all you folks who have this phone and love it!! As soon as Verizon offers me an upgrade, I am trading it in.

Please note you can get this phone at verizon.com for 30% off ($140).  Use coupon code verizon30.  This also works for some other phones.OK, so you got this far to look at reviews.  I have had this phone for 4 days and think it is an excellent phone.  Some background; previous phones are Galaxy S3 and iPhone 4s.  I researched and looked in detail at the Galaxy S4, Droid Maxx, HTC One, iPhone 5s and LG G2.  I ended up with this phone because of the size and still has an excellent 4.7" display, the built quality and feel in the hand, excellent battery life, stock Android with some really useful add on features.After being very frustrated with the battery life and lag on the S3 I decided it was time to upgrade.  All the phones I mentioned are good phones.  They are all noticeable larger than the Moto X.  With the exception of the 5s which has a 4" screen which I feel is just too small.  The Moto X has better battery life than all but the Droid Maxx and LG G2.  I get a day and a half with average usage.  This varies for everyone.  The Verizon version of the G2 is not that good because they redesigned the rear buttons in order to put in wireless charging.  This along with the LG UI and not being sure how the LG will do in the market and provide timely updates removed it off my list.  And with my demand for a long battery life that eliminated all the others except the Droid Maxx.  The Maxx and X are very similar phones.  The Maxx does have the best battery life but it is larger and heavier with the 5" screen and extended battery.  If you are fine with that or prefer the larger screen that may be the way to go.  I felt the size and feel of the Moto X was better for me in comparison so I choose the Moto X.The negatives of the Moto X are that it is only available with 16GB at this time and it is sealed so you cannot add not add an SD card or change the battery.  The Maxx is also sealed but has 32GB.  This was not a deal breaker for me.  My plan was that if I was disappointed with the Moto X battery I would exchange (14 days) for the Maxx.  So far I have been very impressed with the battery life.  I have read some reviews that have complained about the call quality and the camera quality.  I have not had issues with either.  There is also an update to the camera software that will fix some of the issues that people complained about.  The call quality and speakerphone have been good for me.  It does have an excellent speaker.  Maybe not as good as the HTC One but plenty good.The additional features include the active notifications (screen blinks every 5 seconds to show notifications, Motorola Assist (detects when you are driving and changes settings accordingly), Motorola connect (you can see you calls and texts from your computer and respond), and hands free Google Now (you can access Google Now hands free and it will do various functions like calls, calendar events and Google searches).  You can read more about these functions on the various reviews of the Moto X and new Droids.Hope this was helpful and feel free to ask any questions.  Thx.An update (10-15-13): Still very happy with phone and the battery has been great and it charges quickly. I did notice that the screen can be difficult to see in sunlight. The auto brightness does not adjust well when outside, you will need to go into setting and turn up the brightness. Not a deal breaker for me. I was also going to recommend the case I got from Amazon but it is no longer on Amazon. It is nice if you want a very thin case with a good grip (Areser Ultra Thin Slim Fit Quicksand Hard Case + Free Stylus Pen for Moto X Phone (Sold by Areser Trade)).

Upgraded from a Motorola Droid Razr phone I got 2 years ago, so that's my point of comparison. I am a fan of Motorola's version of android, which tacks on minimal extras compared to most of the others. The Moto X interface is reminiscent of the Razr, but better. Notifications are handled much better (low power on-screen notice vs. blinking green light) - by far the best improvement for me. Performance and battery life are noticeably better also. Unless I am using it heavily I can go a day or so without charging, which is a distinct improvement over the Razr.

This is my first Motorola phone, I had been through a couple of HTC phones.  And I have been very pleased.I ordered my phone on the Motomaker website, where you can customize your phone color.  If you want something personalized, or just different from black or white, definitely check out motomaker.comWhat do I like about this phone?- It is the perfect size.  It is not too large like some of the other companies flagship phones (HTC, Samsung).  Although it is a little smaller than those phones, the screen is not too small.  It is very comfortable to hold and operate with one hand.  The back of the device is contoured to make the phone feel smaller in the hand, yet still allow for a decent battery size.- Battery life: I have no trouble getting through the day on this phone with about 30-40% of the battery remaining.  I am not power user, but it doesn't sit in my pocket all day either.- Motorola customizations: The Android version on this phone is mostly stock Android.  However, Motorola added some extremely useful features.  Touchless control plus Moto Assist allows complete hands free calling and texting while driving.  This is both very convenient and a big safety feature.  Since they didn't go overboard with trying to fix things in Android that aren't broken, the overall Android experience is very good.- Speed/smoothness:  While this phone doesn't boast the fastest CPU or the most processing cores compared to some of the other to phones, it is very responsive.  There isn't any lag when scrolling or switching apps.  Motorola did a very nice job with the hardware/software optimizations.- Quick updates: The Moto X was one of the first phones to get the latest 4.4 Kit Kat OS version.  They also moved their key software features (camera, Moto Assist, etc) into apps in the Play Store.  This allows them to update these without waiting for lengthy carrier approval of system updates.What don't I like?Camera:  The only aspect of this phone that is not excellent is the camera.  If you rely on your phone as your only camera (not just for convenient pictures, but something you'd use exclusively for important shots), then I would look at another phone.  The camera is pretty decent in day light.  But indoor and low light pictures are sub par.  Camera App updates have improved things slightly, hopefully Motorola continues to improve the camera.Bottom line:This is a great phone and my favorite out of everything that is available now.

This is my third Motorola phone after the original Droid and the Bionic. This phone feels amazing in the hand with it's rounded edges and matte finish back. The battery really amazes me. Upon leaving the house on a Monday for example, with 100% charge, I am using it midday on Tuesday and still have an 18% charge. I am not a light user nor a heavy user and this battery is really something. The active notifications contribute to this and this is a feature that I love. I look for phones of the future to have feature added.Now, with all of the excellent features this phone has, it will soon be upgraded to the newest operating system Kit-Kat 4.4 before many top tier phone (Galaxy S4 and LG G2). This goes to show you what Google and the carriers think of this phone. You certainly can't beat the price for a phone of this quality and one that Google believes to be worthy of it's newest OS.

Motorola has put out a great phone here that has a lot of well thought out features. My phone history includes DROID Bionic, Samsung Galaxy S Note II, iPhone 4/5, and now the Motorola Moto X. The phone is well proportioned and has nice combination of responsiveness, battery life, and useful features. Here are my personal pros/cons:Pros:- Ergonomics: For me, this phone is the perfect size and is easy to hold for one handed operation or calling.- Battery life: After about 24 hours, my battery life is just under 50% with moderate use. I think I could easily go 2 days without a charge.- Touchless control or &#34;Ok, Google Now&#34;: I really thought this would be gimmicky, but I ended up really liking it. It is very useful when you are driving and don't have to activate any button to make a phone call. There are many useful commands you can use with it as well. Recently, my 2 year old toddled off with my phone - being unable to find it, I yelled &#34;Ok Google Now. Find my Phone!&#34; - the phone started to making a ringing noise which lead me straight to it.- Notification system: Very handy. Just pick up the phone and the black/white screen will appear showing any notifications and options to go the message or unlock. Nice not having to push the power button every time I pick up the phone.- Wrist flick for camera: Another thing I thought would be gimmicky, but have ended up using a lot. Two flicks of the wrist and the camera opens - works every time. Has never opened inadvertently.- Responsiveness: Overall, very quick to open apps, browse web, etc.- Build quality: Very subjective, but the phone does seem to be very sturdy compared to cheap/flimsy Samsung Galaxy seriesCons:- No expandable memory (or removable battery): This isn't a huge drawback for me now that I am using Google+ Auto Backup and Google Music as I don't have to store as much on the phone itself.Conclusion:This is a great all-around phone and has a unique feature set (for now). It may take you a couple of hours to get to the Kit Kat version of Android. When I first got the phone activated, etc. - it downloaded and installed three massive updates separately with reboots in between.

What's not to love?! Flawless..fast and friendly!Ultra smooth graphics..instant camera..large screen!!

For me, it has worked as advertised. Especially love the wrist twist action to turn on the camera app. The Touchless Voice controls have been awesome for responding to texts or answering phone calls while driving (No worse than talking to someone in the passenger seat; you never have to even look at the screen). Also good for adding little reminders. Shortly after KitKat came out I got it as an over-the-air (OTA) update too.Nothing is perfect though, and I do find that my quiet voice (I feel weird talking at a conversation level when I'm not talking to a person) doesn't always activate the Touchless Voice commands on the first try if I don't have the earbuds (with mic) in.Still, I would definitely buy again.

Everything works perfectly, the voice controls are very cool, and I absolutely love all the features that Google added along with Motorola.

When using You Tube the videos kept buffering. Must be not enough RAM or processor can't handle video. Sent back.

Battery life could use some work but it's doing everything that I've needed. So that makes me happy made the right choice.
