
Needed a basic phone for my mom which was easy to see, hear and use. This fit the bill and sounds good is ver clear with good reception.

this is a great basic phone. I have been looking for a really good basic phone for months with very good call quality. this is it. the only problem I had was with backup assistant, but that problem has been resolved and is working fine. the t9 entry for text didn't recognize some simple words but it learns quickly and its not to hard to teach. the ease of use is great. the opera mini browser works pretty decent too. I had a smart phone and really never used all the stuff on there except maps, i just couldn't justify paying all that extra money for a data plan. you have to play around with the phone to utilize some feature which aren't explained in the user guide.this phone is very slippery i bought a Qmadix Snap On Case for it. very nice cae makes phone a lot easier to handle

I understand what others are saying about 'slippery'.  I dropped the phone the first day.  The back popped off, the battery fell out.  I put it back together and it's fine.  Great pictures.  Easy to use for an old person!  I'm 67 and finding the smaller phones difficult to read and use.  I don't need all the apps and options on this phone even.  If you are looking for a good basic talk n text.  This is it.

I was one of the first customers to obtain this phone from Verizon back on 9-5-13. Everything was fine EXCEPT I could not get Backup Assistant to work. After numerous calls to tech help at Verizon, it seems to work now however, they were as confused about it as I was. They even sent me a replacement Exalt which did the same thing! I now think the fault was with Verizon and not LG. It took them over 2 weeks to fix this at least on my phone and I know as a fact that many new Exalt owners were or are experiencing the same problem. The problem is that it keeps trying to communicate with Verizon's Backup Assistant and an error message comes up that it "cannot authenticate my account". I ended up having a Verizon store transfer my contacts since my older phone was still working. The Backup Assistant was the only problem I had with this new Exalt otherwise, it is really a nice phone with big numbers and screen and fine sound! It's perfect for someone who needs closeup glasses! For me, it easy to hold too.

Nice large buttons.

Good news for all the LG Exalt owners - What you need to do is upgrade the Backup assist software . You can do that from yor phone - Its free - If Verizin charges you have them reverse the charge-If you can't get to this - call them they will help talk you through.Open Menu -open Media center - Open Apps - just hit enter Shop Apps  already hight lighted - scroll down and select &#34;yes show this again later &#34; - scroll and select Tools and Applications - Scroll and select product application -last you will find Backup assist upgrade - select and follow the instructions - don' forget to accept and say okay at endThis seems very long however it is the only way your LG will ever work  - You must upgrade to the latest Backup assist for your cell phone to work  \\ By the way My Bluetooth works grat in my car - had no problem wirh thatIf you wish you can thank me later - Biil P -- bprice238@yahoo.com

Cant sign into emails like my 22 dollar lg revere. No zoom on my camera like my 22 dollar lg revere. Expected more for the size. Battery has to be charged every day, and don't use it anymore than my 22 dollar lg revere. Don't need an iphone to do what I need. But don't need to pay 10x the amount for less performance.

I wanted a dumb phone, and got the best made, in 24 hours, at 75% off the price quoted by the provider!  Is there anything better than that (for a phone)?

works great took some time to get use to the keys to pick the action I needed to do to get the screen I was look for

I like the LG Exalt, it is a great basic phone.  The reason that I didn't rate it 5 stars is because it's not that great if you text alot.

Wanted a good basic cell phone. This is MUCH cheaper than buying one with Verizon. Have now been using this phone for almost a month. Good sound quality. Feels fragile and isn't anywhere as sturdy as my old LG which stood uo to 5+ years of use. Not sure that it will last the length of my 2 year contract. Will update review if necessary.

Can someone explain to me the following?1) How do I get the external display to show incoming phone calls? Right now it's set to the default (I believe). It stays on only for a few seconds2) With text messaging, on my mother's LG 8360 she use to have folders, inbox, sent, draft, deleted-where are they on this phone? She's lost without the external display.3) Can you connect this phone to your PC to transfer pictures in case my 83 year old mom switches to another basic phone? I don't like using the &#34;online album.&#34;Otherwise, great huge 3&#34; screen, beautiful camera 2MB quality that also takes video. It also has an updated version of Backup Assistant so it should work just fine getting your contacts transferred.

This phone is for my wife that wanted a basic telephone with the ability to store her telephone numbers and contact data.  This the phone does as expected.  I would have preferred a better camera (higher megapixels), such as at least 5 and thus my reason for a 4 star rating.  (It seems very difficult to get a good, non smartphone from any carrier.)  She does not text, so I cannot comment here, but from my limited experience on her phone vs. my smartphone, texting would appear much more difficult.

Nice phone easy to see and use. The speaker works great for hands free operation. The battery life is good. I ordered a fitted case for it LGVN360CAS from Version.

Despite what everybody at Verizon stated - this phone DOES NOT have Family Locator!!!  Called Verizon multiple times to ensure that FL was available.  OH YES Go to Menu, Settings, Tools, Locations.No such option!  And of course only one agent recorded the conversation and did not record accurate notes about the conversation.  Even did a chat with an agent who knew nothing about the phone and then disconnected the chat.  They wanted to know if I saved the chat as proof.  Seriously?!  Then they wanted to charge  a restocking fee of $35.  Do not believe a word they tell you.

This phone is just as described and I love it.  Screen and keys are large.  Easy to text. Calls are clear.

It is a big flip phone.  4-3/8&#34; long when closed so over 8&#34; long when open.  I like it though for the large screen and for the large buttons.  It has a led scrolling box on the front that shows the number calling.  I wish it didn't scroll as you have to wait to see the whole phone number and the led numbers are not that easy to read.  The case is very shiny and slippery so I bought a case to protect the finish and so it would not slide out of my pocket.  The voice is very clear.  I like the features.

I love this phone because it has everything I needed  in a phone. I am not a smartphone type person. Just needed a basic phone but this one has a lot of nice features. I was pleasantly surprised and you cant beat the price. Cost 70 bucks at the Verizon store and only twenty here. Thanks for saving me money on a phone just right for me.

I upgraded from a Convoy-I that was two years past contract (4 year old phone). I really liked that phone, but because it was not connecting to some Bluetooth devices I decided to finally upgrade. Amazon had the best price out there on the Exalt (and phones in general), so pulled out the wallet. This was an upgrade, which meant some learning curve. I'm getting used to it.As others have noted here and at Verizonwireless there is an issue with Backup Assistant. Some have suggested the problem has been fixed, others have proposed a fix. It doesn't work on mine. I USB'd my phone to the computer, and it did update the software in the phone. Backup Assistant still didn't work. Following the directions from a user posted here at Amazon I tried to update Backup Assistant, but the phone won't connect to the web.Fortunately, I was able to move my contacts and pics from the Convoy to the Exalt using the micro-SD card. The only issue I had was the Exalt was not finding my contacts or pics, because they were stored on the card in folders the Exalt didn't like. Using the computer I was able to move the pics from &#34;my_pics&#34; to &#34;photos,&#34; and &#34;my_contacts&#34; to &#34;contact.&#34;Otherwise, the Exalt is certainly not as solid as my Convoy I, so I guess I'll get one of the hard cases available for this phone. The back cover is cheesy, and flimsy, and I was afraid of breaking it when I swapped in the micro-SD, which is under the cover next to the battery. I would certainly not plan on removing it very often.The screen is large and bright, and compared to the Convoy I like texting much better as I can see conversation history, a new feature my Convoy didn't have. It also seems to have more menu items, so I guess I'll sit down and see what those are all about. I'm not much on the front screen. It really don't give much information, unlike my Convoy, and those LEDs are hard to read.

I have used this phone for a little more than a month and it's great. I can see the screen well and work the numbers or text well with the larger keypad.  So far no complaints with hearing phone conversations. Best phone I've had  So far. Would highly recommend this phone for those not interested ina smartphone.

As a basic phone, it makes texting needlessly time consuming. The T9 word mode is worthless since there is no way to scroll thru and select other common words when the wrong word appears. (e.g. hand vs game; on vs no)Instead you must erase and switch to the abc mode. Nor are there any punctuation shortcuts; again, you must switch to the symbols mode. Problem with the abc mode is the wait between typing letters on the same numeric key. The directional keys are under utilized; yet there is a designated alarm key? It seems there are too many unnecessary functions that slow down navigation for the basic operation of this device: calling and texting. As a plus, the screen is large and easy to read, and I like the voice command to call without looking up numbers. Finally, since user manuals must now be downloaded or read online, why not include with the phone an online link to the manual?UPDATE: Although Verizon salesperson and LG customer service rep said otherwise, this phone DOES have a key to select word options when using T9: it is the zero/next key. Huge improvement when texting. I would now rate this phone 3 or 4 stars as a good basic phone to talk and text.

Love the phone but outside is made from very slick material.  They need to reconsider the covering.  Other than that I love the phone  Had to buy a special cover so it would give my hand a better grip on it.

A very good basic phone. Much cheaper than a Smart Phone. Simpler to use. It has nice big keys and screen. I love it.I recommend this phone to anyone.

Very nice phone, presentable font size for visually impaired people.  But,the 'ads' (advertisements) that appear on the phone  are not appreciated!  I receive several a week.  Despite being on the 'do not call list', I still get them.  Does anyone know how to block them?Despite that, it is a nice phone.  I like having a camera.

Great flip phone, cool scrolling external display, large easy to read buttons, and large display.  Standard mini-usb charging port and micro sd card slot inside the back cover make it more like smartphones.  Camera is a bit disappointing but otherwise it fits the bill for non-smart phone users in a sleet and easy to use phone.  Not many around like it anymore.....

Huge buttons, no issues with seeing the correct numbers, digits on screen are adjustable to be larger.  I bought this phone for my elderly father and he loves it, highly recommended for elderly individuals.

I purchased this phone because it is simple to use and easy to understand for my elderly father.  He really likes.

got an LG EXALT from verizon. would not connect to web or backup assistant.  after hours of troubleshooting was told by tech support to get another device.  did so, next exalt same problem. they opened a troubleshooting ticket, but never got back to me. several tech support people said they had a master troubleshooting ticket on ALL exalts.ended up getting an LG REVERE 2 phone.tried to post a review on verizon website, but they sent me an email saying they would not post that review.  so much for trusting verizons reviews on their site, huh. i guess they only let customers post the reviews they like !!!

works well as a phone. I wish it had a option where I could talk to text, but then I don't text much anyway.

Very nice flip phone it can do everything that I need! Great size easy to use! You got enough words if this isn't enough then the review won't go goodbye

Did not want a smart phone, just a real good flip phone. This is it. highly recommend this one. only thing is, it is a bit long. Had to buy the  sideways holder for my belt. Now, all is good. Bought through Amazon, bought holder through Ebay, saved a ton of money..

This newly-released phone is a great option for those of us who have no need for a Smartphone. It has a nice size and weight and a much larger screen than you would expect from a flip phone.  It also has many more features than are obvious at first glance, not all of which are sufficiently explained in the downloadable user guide.  For example, if you wish to see incoming calls on the front display rather than only the clock, you have to specify this option in the Exalt display setting.  Also, if you choose to insert a micro-memory card, it gives you a great opportunity to interface with your computer to transfer pictures and songs.  Be warned, however, that any files assigned to the memory card folders beginning with "my" will not be displayed on the phone.  Only folders such as Photos, Music, Ringtones will be accessible and I had to figure that out the hard way.  The option to group emails by contact in addition to chronological order is a nice touch.  If you are willing to spend some time getting to know everything this phone has to offer, you will enjoy this little technology-packed powerhouse.

I am not a power user and decided it was time to retire my six year old cellphone. That was such a great price that I could not resist. My favorite feature is the large screen and buttons. I find as I get older (like everyone) things get harder to see. The big screen makes it easier to see. The one thing I wish it had was an outside &#34;window&#34; to view the time. I got use to being able to pullout my old phone to see the time. I have to flip this one open to see the time. No biggie..just a slight change of habit to get use to.

My wife uses it.  She only wanted a phone.  She does not use any of the other features.  The last phone she had was about 10 years old.  This one hopefully will last as long.

As another reviewer stated, this is a great basic cell phone. I had an LG chocolate was happy with it and let my upgrades go to others on my family plan, but it started to die, saw this phone in the Verizon store, searched the net and got a code to get the phone for free, (plus the fee they charge to start up a new phone) I went in the store, they did the set up, transferring all my contacts, photos, ringtones,my groups, my speed dials and my preferences. This part is important as I do not text or surf the internet with my cell phone. So all got transferred over seamlessly. The sound quality is excellent and the mic pick-up is very good if I want to use the speaker function. I do love the display where I can tell who is calling at a glance. and larger-sized numbers! I cannot speak to the quality of the camera as I haven't used it yet.So if you want a basic phone with largish keys and display, I recommend this mobile phone.

There are a number of positives.  The range is a little better than past flip phones and it charges more quickly.  It's thin design makes less of a pocket bulge.  There are also some negatives, mostly due to design. There is a small screen on one side.  I thought it would show the caller or their phone number.  It doesn't. The phone does call out the name of each caller in the memory, but sometimes slaughters the name and calling location.  Because the external screen (on the outside when the phone is closed) doesn't show the calling number, there is no way to screen callers not in the memory.  I often get unwanted sales calls, so this is annoying.  More annoying is the placement of the speaker when using the speaker phone option  It's on the back, so if I lay the phone down, the speaker is laying against the surface and is muted.  The only way to use the speaker phone is to hold it in my hand, which defeats the purpose of using this function.  Within the limitations described above, this is a decent phone.

The phone, by itself is O.K., but get a micro HCSD memory card and your phone has many, many more features.  I bought the 16GB (max) card from Amazon for only a little over $7.  You can swap between the phone  and computer: music, videos, photos and ringtones.  You can even transfer all your contacts from the phone to the card, then to the computer for backup.  I use the audio editor &#34;Audacity&#34; on my computer.  Audacity is free. With Audacity, whatever ringtone, or alarm you want is only limited by your imagination.  Then, I use the free &#34;GIMP&#34; (General Image Manipulation Program) to create wallpapers (which is limited to your imagination).  The reasons I gave it only 4 stars, is that though it's a great phone, my opinion is that the camera is lousy and the manual is fair.  The camera is 2 MP.  The camera does have several features.  However, I don't like it because to get a picture that is not blurry, you have to have a super, super, super steady hand (make yourself to be a bi-pod).  The manual lacks many of the detailed features of the phone.  I learned most by playing and experimenting with it.  I love the I.C.E. (In  Case of Emergency) in the contacts area highlighted in red. Not only do I have my primary doctor, my wife and my son as contacts, there is  also a place for personal information where I list my medications and supplements, my medical allergies, my medical issues (like high blood pressure) and my medical insurance information.  In summary, I really like the phone despite it's camera quirks.

Very large phone when you opened it up. Was looking for something a little smaller. Sent it back the same day.

this phone is great and so are your customer service people !!! this phone is great for me because i just want a flip phone that is long so i can hear and talk without any problems.this phone is perfect for me.

Finally we have a phone with large enough keys.  This was the important feature for us.  Also the sound quality is better.

I love this phone.  It's big enough to see and it sleek looking too. I didn't want a android phone.

I downgraded from a smartphone to this little one. I continue to enjoy clear calls and can get some decent pictures. It can access the Internet but I cut that from my service since I use a lot my computer and tablet for that. It's simple to use since it doesn't have a lot of things a smartphone has. The best thing: I charge the battery every seven days! I used to charge my smartphone's battery almost twice a day. This is great for someone who can satisfy his/her Internet needs in a computer and/or tablet, and have the courage to don't be ashamed when your pals are showing off their expensive smartphones. .

Was happy with the phone, till I tried to get city id. Would not download, carried phone to Verizon, and was told that phone did not have this available. This blows everything I had good to say about this phone.

We bought this for my visually impaired Mom. I activated it and set it up for her before mailing it to her home (we live in different states). The display is clear and easy to read and Mom was able to operate the voice dialing from the basic instructions I wrote and a little voice tutelage on the correct wording for voice dial. She likes the phone as it's bigger than her previous phone...has a bigger display and visually clearer screen. I chose this one for her because of the larger screen size for a basic phone and it exceeded all of my expectations. Excellent choice for anyone who has vision or mobility issues; it will even read the displays out loud allowing a visually impaired or even a blind person to set their phone up by themselves and set individual ring tones. Very pleased with our purchase.

Chose this phone as a gift for my husband,who does not desire a 'smart phone'. He wanted a phone for making phone calls and sending an occasional text message. This phone fit the bill perfectly. He loved it!

Although phone has BlueT, I have found that you must check your car manufacturer to see if yours is &#34;fully compatible&#34;. I had BT setup on my 2009 Camry Hybrid and it was fine inside dealership. Outside when I tried to make a call, BT would not connect. LG Support told me to see if it was listed on Toyota website for compatible phones. Guess what..  :-(Otherwise seems to be a nice phone.

I am really happy with this phone.  I wanted a basic phone because I just want to make calls.  The only thing I dislike is texting with this phone but I will deal with it so I don't have to be online all the time.I also like the style of the phone and the cool led display on the face of the phone.  It's nice to have a basic phone that is somewhat stylish and not heavy or brick-like a la iphone.

i li9ke the flip phone have no use for internet or texting on a phoneeasy to use nad see

Only 2 complaints:  (1) I HATE the external LED &#34;display&#34;, basically worthless so I have to open the flip to find time, date, etc.  I've never seen a phone with such a weak external display (one reviewer called it &#34;chic&#34;, they got 2 letters right, I call it &#34;*hi*&#34;). (2) The finish is so slick that it's easy to drop it.Pros:  Nice inner screen, features, buttons, nice basic phone.

I prefer flip phones but it seems that for several years now, the only flip models available were an afterthought in the manufacturers model lines. Any upgrade would just be newer, not better, then I found this phone. It has an external LED dot matrix display for the clock and caller ID that I can read ....without glasses.....outdoors, a really big plus for me. On the other hand, the only negative I have with this phone IS with the external display for caller ID. It's a scrolling &#34;marquee&#34; style and instead of just showing who's calling, it alternates a phone icon between ID's, taking twice as long to ID a call if you look at the wrong time. This is the only reason I don't rate this a full 5 stars.The other features I really appreciate is a large font option that I can read without my reading glasses and a high frequency enhance option for the audio which really does work. The screen is nice & bright too, also viewable outdoors.There's a lot of other features on this phone that I don't use but it has the three most important ones I've been looking for. If you text a lot, be aware that you won't be working with a full keyboard but the T9 option does a pretty good job anticipating the words you're trying for.I read some reviews complaining about battery life and have found that to not be an issue at all with mine.

I use it for calls, which have great clarity.  I replaced my old 2004 Samsung, which I liked, but this one is very easy to use.  The buttons are large and the screen is easy to read.  Saving contacts is very intuitive.  The battery charges in less than an hour and it stays strong for days unless I make lots of calls.Cons- It was so new Verizon's backup assistant did not work at first, so for about a week I had no contacts transferred.  That problem has since been solved.The written manual is very skimpy.For people who want a basic phone, this is a good one.

Phone looks nice feels nice BUT it is not compatable with my SYNC on my 2013 Ford PU. Won't coneect, disconects. LG service didn't help at all.

It has bluetooth and the features my Dad needs without it being intimidatingly sophisticated! He is happy and the price was reasonable at $0.01!

I found this phone for my husband who isn't a fan of cell phones but this one, he really likes. Bigger buttons for a guy with big hands and easy to use, no frills.

Pro : Excellent reception, call quality and sound quality. Good battery lifeCon : Everything else. CDMA only, so not an international phone. Very poor picture quality . Ergos are not great, the outside display is worthless, the speaker phone is badly located, the sound gets muffled by the palm of the hand, etc. Priced ridiculously high -even for free! - when you compare it with what else is available.Works for me because I didn't want to pay $360/yr for data and my hearing is not great.

This phone is what I wanted. The price was great. Verizon wanted to much for the phone. They wanted 79.95.

The exalt was for my husband and he seems to like it fine.  He likes the flip phone a lot.
