
I was looking for a prepaid android phone for my kids. This one is reasonably priced and works great for the cost. They can play all their games and apps. Added bonus, phone is water resistant. My son is very hard on phones so this is an added bonus. Overall very pleased with this purchase.

Its a good phones - does what I need it to do. Wish the speaker was better. Works fine though

I have chosen this rating because I had the model before this one n it worked good now this updated version works great the shipping was fast n the price was cheap

I like this phone, its everything I could want.  I have all the apps I need and then some.  Would recommend this phone to my friends.

The phone is very nice watertight and large display, has all the functions of much more expensive phones. Was a great buy

This is the perfect cellphone for a Teenager to have.WHY?For starters it's a WATERproof cellphone for accident prone kids.The app's on this cellphone is amazing it has everything you can want.The shrinkage program is a great way to keep ur budget on point & helps keep ur Teen mindful of being responsible for their phone.I'd highly recommend this cellphone to any Parent considering buying their Teen a cellphone & as an added bonus you can have access to their account,put filters so they can't get Porn site's(I f your old-fashioned like I am) to protect your teen's tender minds & be aware of their whereabouts w/GPS as well.Parents,give this phone a chance it's cheaper than an iPhone and by far more durable too.My daughter dropped her phone and it still works w/o any complications.Yes,she also tested it in WATER(Teen's are such daredevils ALL around for some strange reason?)you guessed it works :-) great.I'd give this phone 10 stars if I could and unlike some people's experiences I got right though to Boost customer service and the phone was turned on for her.-Ms.D.M. Switzer :-)

Was looking to replace my wife's cell phone when it had decided to commit suicide by leaping into a pail of water. I don't think you could find better value for the money on a cell phone of this type. It doesn't have the biggest, best looking screen or the fastest operation, but it gets the job done, and best of all will withstand getting wet.

Really don't know if it is the phone or the service provider so I don't want you all to take stock in my opinion but I will say try it and it might be the right one for you.  I love the features but the clarity of my service is not best.  But I do love the phone.

But my phone heats up to where it's impossible to even touch it when on GPS or talking after alittle while (15 minutes). After a while of this the processor (where the heat is coming from) seems to of melted itself and now it runs slower. I want either a replacement or want to go to a new phone. I saw alot of people complaining about this already so I think its a known issue.

For the money paid was excellent choice.  Only real drawback is the speaker mode it picksup alot of background noise and the screen is very sensitive. And makes unwanted calls but overall I'm very satisfied with your performance all the features wifi apps so for the money I'm very overly satisfied with your performance of the phone

Wish this phone would tether / turn into a mobile hotspots like most smart phones can! It would be the best ever.

You want to know when you find out that a phone is refurbished?  I'll tell you how, as it's happened to me TWICE now.One day a calendar reminder pops up saying, &#34;____________ Birthday&#34; or &#34;______________ party&#34; and it's for someone you do not know. You open it and some random guy's email address is attached.  That is precisely what happened to me with this phone.  However, it was too late to return it.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!

My husband works in the gas and oil industry. He has gone through a lot of phones in the past. This phone is the second Kyocera hydro he has had. Its a nice big phone, and its very sturdy. He is constantly getting dirty, wet, cold, oily and this phone is still kicking. We bought a rubberized case for it, which also helps, especially with grip. They phone runs fast and smooth and the picture is vivid and clear. Good video quality, great camera. Overall a great phone, and perfect for men with dirty jobs!

Previously I owned a Kyocera Hydro and loved it's durability. After seeing the new Hydro Edge come out I decided to try it.Kyocera has done a wonderful job with the upgrade. The larger screen and impressive camera claiming only to be 5mp actually seems more like an 8mp. The already installed Panoramic camera! Not to mention texting could not get any easier! Yes it has the voice response but even better, when I text it can tell what phrases I'm going to use. Such as if I said, &#34;I hope you like it&#34; or something like that, I put in &#34;I&#34;, then &#34;h&#34; and they automatically show the word &#34;hope&#34; as one of the choices but immediately after choosing the pretexted word 'hope' it shows you the word 'you' and other words that you might say after 'hope'. Almost guessing your next word. I just love it.Originally, when I had the Blackberry years ago, it was hard for me to switch original from a physical qwerty to touch screen. My first couple of touch screens aggravated me with how sloppy they were and how easy it was to press the wrong letter. With the bigger, easier to use screen on this Hydro Edge and all the additional features that I haven't even begun to mention, you will not be disappointed with this phone! I've never been so impressed. Not to mention it's only around $100. You'd be crazy to spend $200 on a phone with less. I've spent $300 on a phone previously and it didn't have nearly as many impressive functions as this Hydro Edge. I can't believe how sweet this phone is!

I have upgraded to this phone and so far so good im very pleased, I purchased it used got a great deal I cant complain, you guys always seem to please your customers.

I bought this for my bf as a bday present and it's a pretty good phone! I was shocked to see that they have a prepaid phone this good lol.

From the user, translated from Spanish:Working in landscaping and earth moving, he gets calls from work, his supervisor, the quartermaster, from anyone at any given time during work. Since he is almost 95% of the time outside in the nature-conditions, it is very likely that his phone will be subject to dirt and water. He has dropped his phones before into machines and deep pools...'breaking' the phone. The same incidents have happened with this phone and yet the phone survived. He can still call after picking it up from a body of water, or nearly being buried in fertilizer. With a strong case, he believes the phone is indestructible, yet only time will tell how well that bodes. So far, all the 'oops' incidents have come and gone and it is still working as if brand new.His previous phones were a variety, but what led him to this was a recent investment into a Kyocera Hydro...that met an unpleasant fate inside a compactor. However being careful and ensuring his phone is more secure inside his pockets, can prevent the Edge from meeting the same fate.Definatly recommends and loves this phone.Pros:Water-ResistantDirt/Dust-ResistantWeather-ResistantBattery has a rubber seal, further protecting it than the predecessor, Hydro.Phone quality is clearDurabilityCons:'Sonic' technology is hard to utilize (It is easy however habits of holding the phone at certain angles, causes the vibrations to not echo correctly into your ear)Limited to Boost Mobile (Unless a carrier is willing to re-program, it cannot take a SIM card)Price (over $100 at the time of purchase)

Love the phone. It is easy to operate and I love the apps. Phone is lightweight and not bulky. Great service coverage

good night my expectation not full product and q in Venezuela does not work because q is not in my country gsm and the SdMA does not work in this country can do please q

Been using this phone a couple months now.  It's a relief not to be getting butt raped by verizon anymore.  This phone is excellent, my boyfriend is about to purchase the exact same one.

Great

... but while I did, it was a spiffy little device. I'd intended to buy this and port it to Ting Wireless but sadly, Sprint (who owns Boost) does not allow Boost Mobile phones to leave Boost at this time... contractual issue... That is the ONLY reason I'm docking a star.For the price, the phone was quick and responsive and honestly, if I needed a simple off-contract wi-fi enabled camera/GPS/MP3 player, this is where I'd start. Only played with it for a couple hours but it was impressive while I had it.

Very. Good

3 days with phone so far and works good. Works good if you don't want to talk on the phone. The earpiece speaker is terrible and tinny sounding. The outside speakerphone works great, but I don't want everyone hearing my conversations all the time. So any of the reviews you read on this is probably true. Not sure how long I will tolerate straining to listen to someone trying to talk to me. Last two phones I had of course didn't have this problem, but others that this phone does take care of. Hard to find the &#34;perfect&#34; one.

It's smarter than I!! Every day I click on another button to find out what it does.  I was having trouble seeing images & page 2. I found out (from a kid) it did not come with with an Adobe Reader.  Once I downloaded it (free) it seems to work ok so far.  At my age I'm still learning &#34;How To&#34;.  I really liked the idea of &#34;water proof&#34; as I have a pool, and work in the yard.  I already dumped some dirt on it.  I just took off the case, washed it & wiped down the phone.  Ask me in six months, I may have a different opinion.

Whould recommend this too a friend. Solid design light weight built in battery saving app. Okim done so its a must have for the price(:

I will make this short and sweet.Aside from the internal circuitry, this phone is inferior to the original. If you loved the original, you will miss it when switching to this one. The only benefit over the original is the camera. That's seriously all I can think of. Probably a larger storage capacity.Just examining the build quality, it's easy to see that the Edge was rushed.If you are reading this, and deciding between the original Hydro and he Hydro Edge, my advice is to save your money and go with the old Hydro, or wait, and maybe a 3rd Hydro will surface and fix the mistakes/lack of improvement. I know for sure Kyocera is much more capable than this...

awsome phone quick shipping and defiantly waterproof i use it in the bath lol .. I really like this phone... works just as good as my expensive htc i used to have

I like the Hydro Edge. I did have to exchange it because of speaker issues. But for the most part It seems to be working good. I have only had the replacement for a couple of days.

I had the original Kyocera for about a year and just got this one yesterday. I understand that being prepaid phones and boost mobile that the phones aren't that great of quality but I thought the original Kyocera would have lasted longer then it did. The edge is awful from day one. There is something wrong with the speakers in the phone. When making calls it makes the noise that holding a microphone too close to the speaker would make. The back button also doesn't work that well. My boyfriend also got this phone and returned it the next day because he couldn't hear when people were talking. We thought maybe it was just that specific phone but having mine now I see that they are all junk. I plan on returning it tomorrow.

Having owned the original Hydro for just about a year, I've watched and waited to see how the rest of the industry would react to Kyocera's wild-card entre&eacute; into the smartphone field. Not exactly a high-end phone (see my review elsewhere on Amazon), I found the phone a mostly-good combination of size/weight, features (most prominent being a mostly-unmolested offering of Android 4.0/ICS), and reasonable if not exactly peppy performance.That last bit became a little more irksome with time and additional apps added to the phone: a few buggy apps, which would be merely annoying on a phone with a faster processor, could hobble the Hydro unnecessarily; a few apps stopped the poor thing in its tracks. These apps, thankfully, fall into the cool-but-hardly-essential category for me, and a quick uninstall brought things back to normal. And, up until a month or two ago, the Hydro's chief calling-card - bonafide waterproof-ness - had no known competition.That, of course, changed, first by Sony, then more recently by Samsung with their "ruggedized" version of their Galaxy S4. Interesting, I thought, but besides the cost of owning either phone being too high for my budget and sensibilities, neither phone was available for my carrier of choice (Boost, of course). Kyocera does offer the Torque, but I felt that number was too big, too over-the-top in the styling department, and was only available, via contract, on Sprint. I decided I'd just have to wait until Kyocera decided to do a refresh of the Hydro.I didn't have to wait long: the Hydro EDGE isn't a refresh of the original Hydro so much as it is a total rethinking: if you regard the original Hydro as something of a proof-of-concept first-offering (and not a shabby one, I'd add), the EDGE is a confident redesign that rises above middle-of-the-road status with serious el&aacute;n.Improvements? Other than 4G LTE (nope, still not there, but 3G performance is solid enough to largely ignore this), just about everything is improved: the single-core 1GHz Snapdragon processor of the original Hydro is replaced by a dual-core version, with a serious kick in performance resulting; the pan-focus 3.5 megapixel camera is replaced with a 5MP version with autofocus and 720p video capability; the screen has been enlarged to four inches and is now protected with impact-resistant glass (Dragontrail, Asahi Glass' answer to Corning's Gorilla Glass); and something Kyocera calls Smart Sonic Receiver technology, which allows one to better hear a caller even in seriously noisy environments. Battery life has also been improved, with Kyocera claiming upwards of 13 hours talk time and 180 hours standby time.And they wrapped it up in what I consider a quite attractive package: about the same width as the original Hydro, a bit taller (to accommodate the half-inch-larger screen), but roughly two-thirds the thickness, the EDGE subjectively exudes a solidity in the hand that the original, good as it is, doesn't quite pull off. One-handed operation is pretty much up there with the first Hydro, although you'll need to get used to the relocated Power button should you choose to switch to the new model. One interesting change - an improvement, in my book - is the battery cover on the back, which in the case of both old and new Hydro is a crucial part of the phones' "waterproofiness": the original model had a hard-plastic cover which, once removed, exposed nearly the entire back of the phone, and whose relatively-fragile silicone sealing "band" hugged the very edge. This band could be damaged if the cover was handled roughly during removal or replacement, obviously compromising the phone's watertightness. The new Hydro's battery cover is of a thinner, more membrane-like flexible construction, covering two-thirds of the phone's back. The silicone-rubber band that does the serious waterproofing work here is wider, more physically robust, and placed farther inboard of the cover, making it less prone to damage from multiple removings/replacements.Not that you'll be doing much of that: While I have had to do the odd battery-pull to do a hard-reset on the original Hydro (though nowhere nearly as much as I've suffered with other phones in my past), I've yet to yank the cover from the Edge in the two months I've used it, loaded with apps and used quite heavily. The one time I pulled the cover off was to install the 32GB SanDisk Ultra Micro-SD card from my original Hydro. And even here there's a major improvement: instead of the flimsy (and, for some, confusing) flick-and-lift mechanism, you now have a simple slot for card installation and removal. Yes, nearly all of us, phone geeks included, will likely have to deal with this twice at most, but  I like this change a lot.The OS: Android Ice Cream Sandwich (shipping on the first Hydro) was, and is, fantastic. It was my personal point of entry into what the funky green `bot had to offer. But, Jelly Bean...the coolest differences are in the small details, the kind of fine-grained subtleties that once seemed the sole province of Apple. (Not hating on Cupertino here: I'm a Mac guy going way back, and not about to change my stripes, especially with that debacle called Windows 8.) There are bigger surprises here as well: being a freelancer who gets around my fair city by bike and public transportation, Google not only helps me schedule my appointments and map the most efficient way to get where I want/need to go, but also prompts me ahead of time how long it will take me to reach my destination, as well as how long it'll take to get home (or to my next gig) once I'm done. Glad I lived long enough to get to use this stuff!(The added processor muscle also means turn-by-turn voice-navigation is *much* smoother.)I mentioned, in passing, the new 5MP camera, now with autofocus, as well as 720p hi-def video capability: as a photographer, I'm still mostly about still-picture stuff (and mostly on film, at that!), but the bit about autofocus IS a Big Deal for me, if for just one reason: once in a while, I'll come across a poster, or someone on the street shoves a handout to me, with one of those cute little things I have to scan to get more info. On the old Hydro, I'd *try* to scan this with the camera (and appropriate app), but the pan-focus lens, being designed to focus within a set parameter (like an old Kodak Instamatic...what's that? E-mail your folks, they'll know), can't do close-focus all that well, so it was hit-or-miss at best. On the Hydro EDGE, the camera simply takes a second or two to lock focus, and Bingo!, you have your information. Overall picture quality is also improved.Bluetooth performance with all my BT devices (BlueAnt Q2 and Motorola HX-1 headsets, Rocketfish stereo Bluetooth headphones) is excellent - no issues to report thus far.Other Small but Important changes: the flip-off cover protecting the micro-USB charging port on the original Hydro is gone from the EDGE: presumably, Kyocera figured out how to make the port water-friendly without the need for such a prophylactic.I suppose I could go into more "nice stuff" details (and I probably will...look for updates to this review soon), but hopefully you get the idea by now. I think Kyocera, having dipped its toes into the "alternative" mid-market smartphone market with the original Hydro (and the Rise, even though slider-type phone do absolutely nothing for me) have made a bold, confident step forward with the Hydro EDGE. Handling phones like the iPhone 5 and Samsung Galaxy S III/IV, nice as they are (and, yes, they are), I feel nothing lacking coming back to my Hydro EDGE. Fast, smooth, virtually seamless operation, for a lot less than these other high-end phones, I would say the EDGE offers much for those who have a good sense of what they need, and want, in a solid smartphone.

great phone no problems at all with this phone and at boost its 40 bucks a month un limited for all

Hasn't locked up yet, spilled/splashed/showered/dunked and it's still running, even a few drops and no cracks/stracthes in screen, although power button isn't as responsive now.

I am Boost customer ( obviously) and needed a new Android. Checked the Boost website, saw this phone and then checked Amazon to see if there was price difference. I was surprised to see it was 50 $ plus cheaper here on the Big A.Ok, the phone has limited space (abt 800MB) but you can use a large SD card for more storage. It does have Jelly Bean as it's OS, so it is up to date and runs very fast. The phone is water tight. The reports from those I call are good, and the sound quality of calls  I get are good.For 81 bucks this is a nice little phone. It runs all apps well and has a nice size screen. I would recommend this if you use Boost as your carrier.

This was my first touchscreen phone and first attempt to use a smartphone.  I'm something of a technophobe so I was nervous and didn't want to spend a lot of money on a phone that might prove smarter than me.  One of the reviewers mentioned buying this phone for Mom and that convinced me to take the plunge.  This is an easy phone to use.  I really appreciate the durability and water-resistance features as I no longer worry about taking the phone out of doors.  The battery life works well with my use which is light - phone, text, photos and weather updates.  I am thinking of upgrading for a better camera feature but the edge camera and video works well enough.

I owned the orginal hydro and loved it. When I got my new hydro edge it came in a beat mailing envelope with little to no padding. After hooking up a week ago the speaker on the handset has static during every phone call and people have trouble hearing me. Also the memory card is difficult to remove

I couldn't wait to get this phone after hearing it was water proof. now that I have it I feel its the biggest waste of money ive spent in a long time. the battery life sucks, service is slow. overall its best to save a few more bucks to get something fancy then waste your time with this phone

i'm a bit of a newbie to the whole pay as you go plans.  was tired of paying almost $100/month with Verizon.did a fair amount of research and found boost mobile to be really good based off other's reviews.  decided to get the kyrocera hydro edge, primarily due to price ($100) and the fact it ran Android 4.1.  Didn't want to pay a bundle for a top of the line phone, as i have a IPad 4 that I use for most other on the go things.Quite pleased so far, phone is a good size, easy to use and is pretty clear on majority of calls placed so far.  also like the fact it is waterproof and rugged.  based on previous experiences, i wanted either a LG or Kyrocera branded phone preferably, since they tend to hold up well over time and aren't fragile like some other phones.The touch screen is decently sized and nice and responsive, making it easy to type and text on the virtual keyboard.  And it is nice the phone memory can be upgraded with a micro sd card up to 32 gigs extra.  The camera is also quite nice at 5MP and has a flash (which most other phones in this cost range do not have).  Also like how you can connect to a WiFi spot with the phone, instead of relying on using the data plan, which supposedly caps at 2.5 gigs/month and thus throttles the download speed down quite. bit until the next billing cycle.  Especially if you plan to stream Netflix or any type of video/music apps frequently.now there are a couple of minor cons. it isn't the fastest phone ever (as far as opening/running apps) in comparison with some of the more expensive models (Galaxy, HTC One, LG Venice/F7 models) due the amount of onboard RAM.  I don't know how well it would perform on high performance games or apps (as mentioned above, i use a tablet for those). I would imagine things like Youtube and Netflix would run fine with little/no problems. It does not utilize 4G or 4G LTE service, only 3G (which seems to be hit or miss around here, and i live in the suburbs and frequently go into the city).Overall though it's a nice phone and does what i need it to do.  Recommend if you are on a budget, but don't want to sacrifice a lot of the modern features. it's not perfect, but performs admirably well considering.  This will hold me until they have a nice sale of either the Samsung Galaxy S III or the LG Venice.  I would recommend buying a hybrid armor case (got one off here for $5), just because it adds a bit of bulk and a little more weight making it easier to hold in my opinion.

I had a Samsung Galaxy S2 and I even like this phone better than the Samsung. The Jelly Bean compared to the Ice Cream Android is much faster and the touch response of this phone is much better. There are more sounds to use on this phone. Downloading on this phone is faster than my previous phone. This is a great phone for a cheaper price.

Previously a Verizon user after 15 years, decided I needed to lower my service plan. Also was an Iphone user. Somehow this service does not deliver. It has quite a few glitches. I use online banking. My bank sent me authentication code to my cell that has never came. When I was with Verizon,. I would get text messages from my bank and even authentication code.Boost claimed the problem is not on their end.  As for using yahoo email, one day it worked and it never worked again. I try signing back in to get email through my phone. The only way I was able to get my email is to sign in through the browser. Even then, to send email or receive pictures, took more than 2 minutes. Boost Mobile claims it has APPS that can be downloaded. All which had problems downloading. Text messages: even when on vibrate or silent, would make a noise that received the text. Wi-Fi would automatically turn on by itself. As for visual voicemail, it states the message was received at a certain time but message did not appear til the next day. The alarm clock is terrible. Once you press the button it shuts off and no snooze button.

First one was defective.  Amazon quickly replaced with another that is working fine.  You really can't beat this phone for the price.  Battery life not great so keep charger handy.

Very useful for use in my new Ford Escape.The system works well in areas that are covered by Boost Mobile

the (back button) does not seem to want to work.  You have to hit it repetitively.  that in itself is irritating.

It's a good phone except I have to keep charging it to much and sometimes I wake up to a dead phone just don't understand that's only flaw I have found so far but not happy of it..

My Nephew Loved this phone. For a young man who is hard on phones this is still smart for the cost.

I have Boost mobile and needed a new phone but didn't want to pay too much. So I found this phone. The first month it was just fine but then while in the middle of texting I would get a message that says &#34;messenger has stopped&#34; and I would have to go back into my text and start over. The same thing when I try to look up a website. It doesn't do that all the time but it does happen. I can't use it to talk on the phone because the sound is horrible, people say Im really muffled and they can't understand me. So I think I will be seaching for another phone soon. You don't always get what you pay for, yes I paid under $60 for this phone, but before this one I had the ZTE Warp which is a more expensive phone and it was bad too! Would I recommend this phone? Not if you need to use it to talk on!

My phone makes a loud noise while on the call. I called boost mobile and they troubleshoot with me. They told me that it was defect of the phone and I need to call manufacture. But I am unhappy with the thought I just purchase it and I already have issues that I'm stuck with.

i thougth this phone going to be slow because it was only sixty dollars but i was wrong this phone is super fast!!!!!

THIS IS MY INITIAL PURCHASE OF A KYOCERA CELL PHONE AND I AM VERY PLEASED WITH IT'S PERFORMANCE.  I LOVE THE SIZE OF IT, NOT TOO LARGE OR SMALL, AND THE COMFORTABLE FEEL OF IT.  THE LARGE SIZE OF THE LETTERS AND NUMBERS MAKE IT IDEAL FOR ME. THIS SMART PHONE IS FULLY EQUIPED FOR ALL OF MY NEEDS.

I got this phone purely for its Wi-Fi capabilities. It works very well in that capacity. I live in a very humid climate. My last android phone (HTC-MyTouch) bit the dust because of the humidity here, and salt air. I hoping to get some mileage out of this phone. The only app I was not able to download, was the NBC App. It has something to do with the version of software on this phone. Otherwise I have made internet phone calls, and used it greatly for its media capabilities.

MY SON LOVES THIS PHONE !!!!!!! Because it is waterproof, i have even caught him texting in the shower (LOL). I told him to pick the one he wanted and he is happy with his choice.

Love my phone, my husband has a Samsung and this works just as good as his phone but for alot less...

I bought this phone for my mom and I like it! Major upgrade from her Samsung prevail.I have the Samsung galaxy 3 and this phone obviously is not as fast and updated but it works good. Quick enough for my mom's needs. She only uses it to play candy crush and make calls lol. Plus, I got it on sale for only $50! Its a steal!

Great phone. Works we'll. have not had any issues with the phone, and it's waterproof. Can't beat that. Would order again.

great little phone, arrived quickly,

This is the best

I like the fact that the phone is waterproof this is perfect for those prone to accidents involving water and phone. I like the fact that the phone has eco mode to conserve the battery and the screen size is good. I had the original hydro and like that this one has more of a battery life on it I dont have to charge my phone but about maybe once every two days and the other one I charged once a day. I like the look and feel of the phone. The camera on the phone takes clear concise pictures I took a pic of my daughter in the dark and it came out like I had lights on. I give this phone a thumbs up and recommend people to buy it.

i love the phone and the price for it.  allows me to get into the smartphone technolgy at a reasonable price

I got it for 49.99.....brand new, need I saymore? It's a good phone too. Waterproof, ok camera. All around B-C+ kinda phone.

The Cell phone arrived before promised date.  My husband is very pleased with the condition(new) I purchased this phone for 100.00 less than I would have paid at the Boost store. I would strongly recommend this product to others.

This is my third smartphone -- before this, I had a LG Optimus V (Virgin Mobile) and a Samsung Transform Ultra (Boost Mobile) -- I'm no stranger to entry-level smartphones. With Android 2.2 on the first and 2.3 on the latter, anything built today would be a huge step up from these buggy, slow, frustrating phones. Hence, the bar was low -- I really wanted something with a keyboard, but my main requirements were that the phone was inexpensive, had a quick processor, and a version of Android newer than 4.0 since 4.0 came out over two years ago and 4.1+ includes many improvements. Resigning myself to the fact that prepaid phones with a recent OS (Android 4.1/"Jelly Bean" or above) and a keyboard are almost non-existent these days, i decided to go with this phone because it met my requirements *and* was waterproof up to 3 feet -- I'm always worried about getting my phone wet.This phone really surprised me in terms of what you actually get for your money. However, its biggest flaw is its lack of internal storage -- the standard, and uninstallable, Google apps like Chrome (I prefer Firefox), Google+, Hangouts, Play Games, Play Movies & TV, and Play Newsstand take up a huge chunk of storage and cannot be moved to the SD card. You're left with a small amount of space to install apps, and many apps in the play store won't let you move them to the SD card either. So, what does that leave you with? A phone that constantly tells you that there's "insufficient storage space available" whenever you try to do app updates.This, in conjunction with developers (including Google) constantly updating apps to stay competitive, means that you really have to be selective about which apps you want on your phone. I've had to uninstall some of my favorite apps, and abstain from installing others, simply because there isn't enough storage space for them. Very frustrating!Note, even if you buy a massive SD card, this problem cannot be rectified. The apps you install -- this is IF they can be moved to the SD card -- still leave a footprint on internal storage. This footprint is much smaller than the app would be if installed completely on internal storage, but 5-10 megabytes is still significant with this phone.Storage issues aside, I really do like this phone. It runs apps smoothly, virtually never crashes, and can be used in the middle of a torrential downpour without issue. How cool is that! It runs Android 4.1.2, which means it has Google Now -- an amazing service that I'd highly encourage getting used to, simply because it can do so much.Call quality is just okay, nothing great. You'll be able to hear the person you called, and they'll be able to hear you -- but you might find yourself asking them to repeat themselves every now and then, and vice versa. The camera takes average pictures, and the autofocus works about as expected.Bottom line? If you're someone who is new to the smartphone world, wants something that can get wet, and plans to install a handful of apps (say, Facebook, Twitter, and maybe a game or two -- and that's it!) you should be perfectly fine. Though, if you find yourself getting addicted to games, and can't seem to stop installing apps (Yelp, Facebook Messenger, Pandora...), look elsewhere -- you *will* be disappointed. Go (very) easy on the apps and you'll find yourself with a solid waterproof phone that should last you a good few years.

This is the second of this phone i have purchased. The phone works great and I haven't had any problems with it so far.

I have a one-year-old. He likes to play with my cell phone. He also likes to throw it, drop it in the toilet, sneeze on it, and grab at it with spaghetti sauce-covered hands. I don't mind. The dragontrail glass is practically magic and hasn't even hinted that it would crack or even scratch, despite having been thrown with force onto our hardwood floors in a fit of pique. I've fished this thing out of the toilet while he toddled off to wreck more havoc elsewhere. No harm done. Sneezes, sauces, and unidentifiable stickiness are easily rinsed off. Really. If Fischer Price made a phone, I image it would be like this (well, maybe it would be red and yellow and have googly eyes, but you get my point).The down sides are deplorable processing speeds, little memory, and less-than-stellar call quality. But as I said, if you have a toddler, this is the phone for you. A phone that's not the best in these areas is still better than one that won't work at all because it's been abused at the hands of a tiny Godzilla.

I brought two Hydro Edge android phone for my girlfriend and my son. They love their phones, especially the fact that they are water proof. The Hydro Edge phones are their first android phones.

No front camera but over all its a good phone it does everything I need it to do&#128522;&#128522;love it just needs a front facing camera

I bought this phone for my daughter and she really likes it at this time,.  Learning more about it every day, she says..

After the big mess up with the mailing from Amazon I finally received the phone almost one month after I ordered it. Then the on-line activation did not work. Now the phone has a life of its own. It will suddenly awaken from its &#34;sleep&#34; mode all by its self and begin making calls. It will change my wall paper; drop my contacts; change my ring tone; and I am having to charge it at least twice daily because it is sucking the battery dry.It took multiple attempts and hours to get the G-mail account set up. I lost all the contacts I entered when I had to remove the battery to try to clear the phone.  If the phone is in my pants pocket it will activate and randomly make calls to the contacts saved.I purchased this phone especially because of the M4 HAC rating. It is a challenge to find cell phones with an M4 rating that are not overpriced.So far this phone has been the most frustrating phone I've ever dealt with. I prefer the Android system over the iPhone but I&#8217;m not sure the bugs have been worked out of this model yet.  I plan to contact a local &#34;Boost&#34; store and see if they can figure out what is going on.The jury is still out on this model as far as I&#8217;m concerned. Buy with caution.

Hope that when you order this phone you don't get the wrong one!The Las Vegas fulfillment center sent me a HTC One phone instead of a Kyocera Hydro Edge.There is a amazon barcode sticker on the phone box saying its a Kyocera Hydro Edge, but its a HTC One!I guess the HTC One is a better more expensive phone bigger display and all, but not waterproof.They better replace it.  Amazon likes to blow money on stupid mistakes.I guess the guy who puts barcode I.D. labels on cell phone packages at the Las Vegas fulfillment center doesn't know how to read.  Nevada Public SchoolsNow I have to wait a week or more for a fricking replacement.LOSERS!

I recieved the phone with no problem, works great, brand new in the box. I love it. It was also very cheap.

This phone is supposed to be rated for a 4ft drop crack proof screen, but my brand new phone falling from a foot felland the screen shattered...

I did not use Boost Mobile and/or the Hydro Edge (Boost Mobile) phone. The smartphone is rather large and cumbersome for a person with small hands.

i can't believe i got this phone for 50$its worth at lease 150this is a great phone hands down

First off it has to load all its own apps you cant turn them off. Second the battery is so small for the operating system that in just a half a day sending three messages and a couple of calls it has to be charged, thought it was a bad batt so I bought two more oem batteries and they did as bad if not worse. Don't know if its waterproof but I will let u know as soon as I get a replacement, another brand with a real battery not one like I had in my old flip phone that didn't do the internet. I will deep six it and see if it holds up in three feet of pool water for a couple hrs like the warranty says it will I truly doubt it

Got the Kyocera Hydro Edge very quickly! I love it ! I am known to have my cell phone around water! Trust me it works great!

It's pretty decent , the speed of the phone from a 1-5 is a 4 and I give the phone a 4 its lacks a front camera ... you know people love selfies (: ,but no its reccomendable

I dumped AT&T; after many years when they arbitrarily raised my monthly charges by 50%.Got this phone because the specs sounded good.I have no regrets whatsoever. Does everything I need to do.Only complaints are: call quality sometimes sounds like my caller is gargling - underwater; battery has gone flat (seemingly) in twenty minutes (happened once, yesterday).For $55/month, soon to be$50/month, I couldn't be happier.

es una mierda, pense q venia desbloqueado

This phone completely blanked out ! It lights up but the screen is black ! How can we fix this if not can we return it as this time it's been about 1month and a half

Great phone for a teenager.  My son is on it from the time he wakes up until he goes to bed.  He has had no issues with it and it is a great price.

This is a review on Kyocera's Customer Service:(You need to read this before buying their phones!)On 11/29/12 my Kyocera Hydro's power button broke. I sent the phone to Kyocera to be repaired. They claimed it was fixed and sent it back to me a month later. On 1/25/13 the SAME power button broke again. I sent the phone to Kyocera to be repaired again. They claimed it was fixed again and sent it back to me a month later. On 5/6/13 the SAME power button broke for the THIRD TIME. I sent the phone in again. I expected I would get a new phone at this point. Kyocera reps told me it had to break one more time before they would replace the phone with a new one. They claimed that the phone was fixed again and sent it back a month later. On 9/19/13 my Kycoera Hydro's power button broke for the FOURTH time after the last 3 supposed repairs.I called their horrible customer service center again fully expecting that finally I would be taken care of and they would "no questions asked" send me a new phone. I WAS SO WRONG. They wanted me to send my phone in once again to be "Evaluated".A month later I called wondering where is my replacement phone? I get the run around day after day. I was told once that Corporate has to approve it now... and another time It is still in the repair center being evaluated. No one knew where my phone was or cared. Finally, yesterday I get a package from Kyocera with a phone in it. This phone was NOT my phone (which I would have been furious to receive, because they odviously CAN'T fix it!) and NOT a new phone (which I was told I would receive numerous times by kyocera reps & supervisors)The phone I received was not only someone else's used phone, but it had blue paint on the back of it! It was marred and get this also connected to a previous owners service! I was getting someone else's private calls and text messages on a phone I should have never received!WOW is all I can say... I'm stunned by the horrific service. They should have replaced the silly 100 dollar phone back when it broke the second time. Wow.

I had a hydro, and thought that the upgrade would offer more. Fortunately, cells are cheap so the Edge is okay but not a must have.

The Phone did not work at all. I returned the phone.

I am really, really happy with this Hydro Edge waterproof Android smart phone by Kyocera. This phone is durable and very dependable.  The battery life lasts me all day, which is a major plus due to I am constantly on the phone. I don't plan on dropping this phone in the water, but its a great feature for a beach-goer like me. It's also dust and waterproof. Since I am always snapping pictures, I love that this phone has a five megapixel rear facing camera with flash and video recorder.  I can take video of my son playing basketball or daughter playing her piano.I have not had any issues with dropping calls, or no service. And since I am always on the go with my two kids, I needed the security of a safe, reliable phone. This phone runs on Android, 4.1 Jelly Bean system, which is great with playing games on.From clear connections, taking pictures and video, texting friends and family and able to play some fun games, this is a great phone! It has everything I need plus more.***Reviewed by Elisa for New Age Mama***

I FINALLY made the move to a touchscreen. Having a tracfone for, oh, like 6 years, it was time to evolve. My older brother, God(dess) rest his soul, was ALWAYS telling my sister we needed touchscreens due to music and photo capabilities. We have been resistant for some unknown reason. I was going to do the metro pcs touchscreen which was like 100 bucks and then 40 a month, like the guy throwing those blue spheres into the walls says, his haircut is boss.....I was in target looking at plans, saw ones costing way more, and the ONLY thing I would of liked on this, but for this price it would of been too much of a giveaway, would of been a FRONT and BACK camera, for skype. That said, I don't want to look at my beautiful girlfriend though a tiny screen, as she usually uses a tablet herself, so that would be too small, so that takes away that con, making this a near flawless cell phone.I then went to radio shack, looked at phones, almost thought of getting a contract plan one, then the nice, helpful lady asked contract or non, and I smartly said non. She showed me the boost phones, this one, which while I was reluctant at target and radio shack, just cause the screen &#34;wasn't big enough&#34;, lol. A guy thing? I finally broke down and got this. It was on sale for 55,  about the price here new. She asked if I wanted to activate it at home or have her do it, HAVE THEM DO IT. There was no drama beyond having to do some steps more than once, to be expected, this had me walk out with a working phone. GREAT!Where this puppy shines is the apps, of course. with a slew of free apps, I find it pointless to pay for any of them, as I seem to have everything I need and want on here. I got an SD card, 8gig, will get a larger one in the future to have room for all my music, though this will probably be all I need. there is a battery saver app, or something like that, that has extended my phone's life which is awesome, as without it, it will run out quickly, and daily. apps to clean your phone of junk files and stuff, and helping it run faster, gps, music eq, there is one called music player that is a MUST if you have more than one song to put on your phone, as it sorts them and lets you listen while you do other things on your phone, stock music program listening won't allow that, sounds simple, but it was a HUGE LEAP FORWARD when I got that app. there's a nifty super bright flashlight app, even though there is a free one already on the phone, this one is so bright it's almost too bright, which will be very helpful when needed. those are the basics, but you will find others. Like I said, if this review helps one person buy this, great, if not, I'm glad I can write about how much I dig mine. Like I said before though, if you can get this in a store and have it activated before you leave, do it. so for like 120 something I walked out with a new phone and one month paid. 55 dollars a month unlimited everything, more than pcs, but this thing is really fun and it's nice to not have to think about minutes or data or any of that stuff....

Love this phone! So easy to read the screen and easy to operate. Runs so much faster than the phone I was using. Light weight and I love the photo editing software it comes with

This is a great phone, not worse than comparable Samsung or Motorola - considering I paid $50 with no shipping or tax - this feels like a $200+ smartphone. Much better than my old Samsung Galaxy & a great deal for the money - if I were drop it anytime, its cheap to replace!

I used the Kyocera Hydro for 13 months and Just received my &#34;Hydro Edge&#34; ($49.98 on sale on Amazon.com) less than a week ago... The Hydro Edge is Faster with the dual core processor and Android 4.1 operating system. Boost Mobile plan of only $40 a month (with shrinkage plan) with unlimited talk, text, e-mail and 2.5 GB of internet usage per month makes this phone &#34;A MUST HAVE&#34;. The FACT that it is WATER PROOF (I dropped it in the kitchen sink while talking to a friend, pulled it right back out and continued to talk)  is a big factor in keeping the Kyocera brand and looking forward to the next upgrade to the Hydro line up.

it doesn't allow me to keep writing text when a text message comes and closes out the entire texting window if it wasn't for that this phone would have gotten 5 stars

This phone was for my 15 yr old. This phone is awesome!!! I would buy it for my daughter too!!

Product arrived on time and does exactly what its suppose to.

Awful....they didnt even send the Edge just the regular Hydro. All software was outdated and super slow, it constantly freezes

Love this phone. The size is perfect. Fits in my pocket and purse great. I have had Boost Mobile for a few years and this is the best phone for the best price.

I love this phone. I do a lot of texting and sometimes calling so it works out great. It has a 5 gb of memory so you can't download a lot of apps. If you do it starts to freeze up. I don't use a lot of app so it works out great. The phone is also waterproof which is great when I'm taking my dog for a walk in the rain.

wont hold a charge and service cant hear other people . the phone gets hot it STINKS!!!

I am very unhappy with it is hard to understand people when talking to them it is sound muffled or something. One day I trying to delete my messages by tapping on the number seven and it would tell me the message was saved. All in all I find just trying to hear people an having to ask the person to repeat them self's over and over a problem. I have had one before but I thought it was because I drop it a couple of times that I had that problem. Even tho I only had this new phone a few months I am looking to get some other type for I am not happy with this one at all.

Bought for my husband who requires waterproof phone at the fire house.  Its only 3g.  Runs slow.  He's not thrilled - but it works.  Haven't needed to test waterproofing yet.

Kyocera and Nokia were one of the first cell phone companies out there, even in the 90's. And I remember them being virtually indestructible back then, I would think they are probably still VERY reliable. This one actually does work under water, I put it in the tub, yes in hot water for like 5 minutes with music playing, something I would never do when I purchase any product. But I wanted to see if it's true, even though I'm not accident prone. Took it out worked like a beast. Try that Iphone HA.Overall every thing is great, the screen looks good, just turn it up to full brightness, although at an angle it get lighter and a strange tint to it. Which really isn't a big deal. Says 720p Video which I have yet to do, being that I have a 300$ Panasonic Lumix with 1080p video i probably won't use much. So we'll see. Takes good clear pictures, love the flash, helps a great deal. I replaced a ZTE Merit which was a tough little phone basically because it started getting slower, and was/is outdated with Android 2.3. This one just takes some getting use to.Netflix streams flawlessly, music sounds loud and clear. Not a lot of bass, but I mean do you really need a subwoofer on a phone. Calls are crystal clear, almost to loud, but I consider that good as opposed to going huh? What did you say, your cutting out. Good wireless, works quick with a dual core 1 ghz processor. Not sure how or why some reviewers say it's slow, not sure what their definition of "fast" is. It's getting like 0-60 with cars, does anyone really care? I haven't seen people gathered in circles at wal-mart parking lot or burger king taking bets on who's phone could bring up an app the fastest. Oh well.At any rate if you've never heard of this brand don't be leary, it's one of the godfathers of cell phones. And after the water dunk I'm pretty convinced it will last a very long time. But then again technology changes every year on these things it seems. So it's a good priced smooth running very durable phone. Make sure you latch the back to seal it if you try to drop it in your toilet and then fish it out. HA. So I like it, simple as that. ;o) Good note to is I'm not sure why people don't use the speech to text feature on these phones instead of running people off the road finger texting. It works great.Great pics, with flash, great for the price, fast, YES it is. High volume, umm it's a phone. If you want someone to drop off your kids after school hire a nanny, not your phone. If you want it to cook dinner, well that's all on you, good luck. People expect to much from something that's just a PHONE!! With extra features. I rest my case. ;o)

Love this phone.  Haven't had many issues with it.  Easy to operate.  Like the apps it came with.  The only issue I've had is that occasionally the keyboard locks up and doesn't work.  But the awesome fact is I got the phone for 50 less than any store had it for.  Thanks Amazon!

What a horrible experiance..never again kyocera..I can explain this phone in one simple word..primitive non function phone, I would not recomend this phone to anyone, sadly.

it has every thing I need on it  It works great I AM please with it it dose  good on all things I need

So far it has been an excellent phone, it gives me what I need at this time.I'm glad I got it.

I brought the phone in Feb. and here it is April and the sound on the phone is gone. The phone doesn't play music, doesn't ring, no microphone. Called boost mobile CS and was told to call Kyocera. Called Kyocera and was told to ship phone at my cost to them. The process would take 7 to 10 days. They would then contact me to say if they will fix at their cost or at mine after inspecting the phone. I asked what am I to do with no phone, was told to see what boost mobile can do. Went to a boost mobile store, was told they don't do loaner phones. So I would suggest go with something else.

Hi phone is very nice its responsive its fairly fast but the one thing i don't like about it that the back design is really ugly it looks cheap and sorta like a toy phone but that simple imperfection won't stop me from giving the phone 5 stars because it can easily be fixed by putting a case on it.

Can't be more pleased with the Kyocera Hydro Edge I bought here on Amazon as an upgrade to the Kyocera Hydro... Price was great !!! and 3 months later I'm still very happy with the Kyocera Hydro Edge smartphone... as well as Boost Mobile...

My 2nd smart phone, yes. It is inexpensive, large enough screen, water proof and I've proven (phone was ran over by a pass. car) that it is nearly unbreakable. I work outside so speaker volume MUST be good, it is. It has been rained on already, no problem. When tuned in with my home wi-fi PC connection, it updated all in a single evening without a hitch.I found thew fastest way to use the Internet is with Google and Chrome updated. The down fall of this phone is only the 1 gig processor. You will wait 5-20 seconds for things to load and games up to a minute. Over-all, it's a great talk,text and E-mail phone and at $69. plus 10 shipping, a great value and up grade from the regular Hydro :)

This phone is super nice for the price still working under the water the internet work fast and the camera with flash take the amazing pictures I recommend .

If you have the money then its worth the investment! I know how this phone works used, however, I brought my new and it's working awesome/beyond great. It's like a mini Ipad except you can make call and text from it. I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!! The fact that it's waterproof is a triple bonus. I may be a tech head, nonetheless, I might not be upgrading my phone for a while, lol

I had the original Hydro for the same reasons everyone else did - sorta water proof but a price tag (even brand new at $129) that you could handle replacing if you ruined it.  This is a decent upgrade at $49 here on amazon.  Better waterproofyness, but some kinks.  The old phone would think you had the headphones in after being wet, so the speaker wouldn't work until it dried out.  This phone holds a bit of water in the outgoing mic hole, so until it dries out (around a day) no one on the other end can make out what you are saying.  Not terrible, but kind of a hassle.  However I havent' really gotten it wet since dunking it for the first test.The back panel is a much better design, and the phone feels like a real phone instead of a plastic toy.  bigger screen too.  battery life is better than original, even with much more use.  web speeds are improved a bit, but still not what you get with an expensive phone on an expensive plan.Overall I highly recommend it.  Great upgrade from the original.

I love this phone more than my laptop :) Everything about this phone is more than perfect :) It's the BEST phone I ever had :)

There is no doubt in my mind that this is a very good phone. So much so that I wanted to order two of them.I saw this phone a earlier tonight (about 9:00p.m.) offered by Amazon, at $49.99. When I tried to order it, the screen changed and I was told that it was on back order, available after Jan. 6th. When I attempted to place an order the price shot up to $88.00, from another seller (the original seller was Amazon) I was willing to wait until 1/6 to get this phone at that price, but I think it is VERY unfair to change the price as I'm trying to order something.

Not a GREAT phone but its perfect for beginners (like me) .. fast, simple and fun. The camera is amazing...sharp, clear and even has a selection of different effects. Internet speed was the icing on the cake,for me:). I ordered on December 28 (49.99) and recieved it December 31....Fast! (One day shipment)....Overall im a happy customer....

This phone is honestly.. amazing! I wasn't going to get it because all of the bad reviews, but I loovvee it! Just like an iPhone
