
Pretty nice cell phone.  As I get older the glasses get thicker and small cell phone screen get harder to see and the buttons on the screen keep getting bigger.  I purchased the galaxy note when it first came out and I remember thinking that the screen was huge, than the Mote 2 came out with an even larger screen, then the S4 and now we are awaiting the Galaxy note 3 with a larger screen than the Note 2.You really need to have large hands to operate this device with just one had.  So a female would not be to interested in the phone.  The phone does fit into the front of dress pants with no problem.  There is not car dock sold by Samsung for this phone.The screen is just slightly fuzzy (with glasses on) but you really have to look to notice.  It has a 720 screen, and looks prety good hooked up to my 58" television.  Since I do play "games" on the phone, the 1080 would have been nice when viewing the Image on my television.The build quality is the same for all current Samsung cell phones, it leaves you wishing for more.While I do like the phone, when the Galaxy note 3 comes out, I will seriously consider returning this phone for the Note 3.

I got this for my husband because he had seen people with big phones all over SE Asia and he wanted one too. He wanted to be able to use his phone like a tablet; but not as big as a tablet.  This meets his requirements!  It is easy to see what you are doing, both with texting and surfing the web.I had to order this online because the stores do not seem to carry it.  He rarely TALKS on the phone, so he felt super big would be no problem and he was right.Took a little while (get used to) to move from Iphone to new format; however they are similar enough that I had no problems setting it up for him.He LOVES it!

I do really like this phone. It works great and it works good with a card reader and stylus for customer transactions. It looks nice when I am watching stuff on it. I would give this phone 5 stars all day if it didnt have little problems, times that pictures wont send through text until after I restart it, drops of wireless network, issues when I plug it into computers (and yes I have tried different cords and computers so I know it is the phone). All issues can be quickly worked around and it is still my favorite phone I have ever had.

Upgraded to this 6.3 and it is all of that and the veggie chips  Does it all and i am never getting an Iphone? For what? Just to show off?

I have had the Samsung Galaxy Mega for several months now and I just love it. It is easy on the eyes, whether searching the internet, texting, or watching you tube. The sound is amazing. It is also very light considering its size. Fits in my back pocket comfortably. Picture quality is also good.

I read reviews before I purchased this phone and thought it would be user friendly.  IT IS NOT!  All I basically use it for is to make and receive calls, send and receive texts and play a couple of games.  If I could I would return this phone to Amazon and get an iPhone to replace it.  I had no idea the difference between an iPhone and an Android would be so enormous.  Could someone let me know what it would cost to trade this in on a iPhone?

It is everything we wantede and expected.

Big beatifulGreat my s5 friends make fun of it because they are jelous they wish they had a mega

great and nice phone. large screen and easy to read and view the screen. it is fast enough for surfing the web

I have had this phone for about 2 months now and I continue to find out new things about it seemingly daily.  This is the first smartphone I have ever had (I'm old school) and only bought it because my eyesight is starting to get worse with age (60 y.o.) and seems nobody wants to call anymore, just text. I tried texting on my old flip phone and that was more aggravating than anything, so I went for this because of the huge screen and keyboard.To sum this up in a nutshell, if you're thinking about a new smartphone and you're getting on in age, this is the one for you. Not saying it's just for old farts like myself, but it's certainly way easier to use than the smaller screen models out there. Highly recommend this phone.

i love this phone the screen is so clear and big it is a eye catcher i use this instead of my computer

Nice phone and fast but just too big for me. I had to return because on how bulky it was even on a belt clip.

I am really loving this phone!  It is very large and more like a tablet.  I don't talk on the phone much, so I really wanted it for internet and photos.  It has a lot of apps already installed of which I deleted some.  I don't like a bunch of apps.  I don't play games and such. I just use my phone primarily for work and a few texts and calls here and there.It is sturdy and seems to be well made too.

Son loved it! Phone was exactly what he wanted! Description was exactly as stated. Received phone exactly as expected. Thanks.

Great phone to use but it's bigger and not really a problem. You get used to it quick. And I only paid 1&#8364; for it!!!

Loved it!

I chose the Mega after looking at it and others for several months.  Although it is basically a small tablet and a little cumbersome, being able to have a phone and be able to read what you are surfing on the web are a plus.The battery can go for a couple of days without having to charge while other phones I have had could hardly make it through my work day.Would recommend to friends and family.

Phone worked well had issues with charging port after a month of having the phone had to have the phone fixed at the ATT device repair center.

This huge phone is not for everyone. If you need a portable quasi tablet get it. I use it constantly at work.

Yes I love this phone it is everything I expected the large screen is awesome but I am Samsung fan anyways

best phone i have so far. I can even remote to computers. I added a usb mouse and a bluetooh keyboard. its really that good. It handles navigation, Wifi, bluetooh, pandora, all my emails, and video, several more applications for my reminders, waze, etc...  and works just fine! sometime I drained the memory just to keep it light. Wished it had 2GB memory...other than that, the best!

I need a phone so I could see the screen. I thought iPhone was going to have a bigger screen but they fool me.

i can not tell yall how much i LOVE thiss phonee.  its so perfect in so many ways.  i watch netflix all the time on my phone. i got it a day before Christmas so i had for a while but its best. went from a note 2 to this.  AWSOME &#10084;

I don't care if I look stupid talking on a big phone, I think it is funny.  I do like having such a big screen.

I have had more fun with this phone than any I have ever owned.... it's large, but what a deal on a phone/tablet all in one!!!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this one!!!!

I love this phone. It is easy to use and I have to say that I don't miss my IPhone. I love the large display and the features are grret, too!! I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking to upgrade from your current device.

Great phone! Purchased for my daughter and she loves it, great visual and awesome features. I would recommend to anyone.

love the deal..love the phone..Android and internet Explorer..super like..so happy with this phone..I don't know if they will make better phone than this..then thats the only time I replace my Mega....I am stylish and this perfect for me...

Great attention getter due to the big size and easy to see the content that you text

After careful consideration of this phone and it's size, I am glad I made the decision to get this.  I will honestly never go back to smaller screens again.  The clarity and ease of operation has been amazing, and the features make this phone better than any smartphone I have had before.  Yes, the size does take a little getting used to, but once you have gotten past that, you will enjoy the phone hopefully as much as I have.

it is okay, but I have a problem the phone, it doesn't work properly

Yes, I named my new device Sammy G because &#34;he&#34; makes my life much easier... I love that I can have the size of a tablet and the capability of a smartphone AND tablet all in one device.  I am sold on Samsung from several devices back, and this device to me is their crowning achievement so far.  I have nothing bad to say about this device.  It is not for everyone, obviously because it is very large to be used as a phone.  It works for me because I am hearing impaired and I never can hear on any phone by holding it to my ear anyway - I either use a headset or speakerphone.  Its perfect for me, and if you spend more time on your tablet than your cell, then this is a fantastic & beautiful device!

It's like Goldilock's Porridge.  Not too small for my very nearsightedness, not too big to fatigue my arm as quickly as my Galaxy 3 8 inch tablet does.Big Pros:1.  Micro SD card slot can handle up to a 64GB card!2.  The back shell is removable - that's where the battery,  SIM and MicroSD live.  Allows for very sleek body styling.3.  Large, user replaceable battery.  I'm old fashioned.  I like a battery that I can replace if it gets where it no longer keeps a charge all day.4.  Humongous 6.3 inch gorgeous screen.  Is it a tablet that makes phone calls ?  Is it a phone that is also a wifi tablet ?  Who cares ?  It suits my needs and my wifes needs.5.  Price from Amazon locked on ATT carrier - I have been eyeballing this phone and a few others for a while.  Was just given a new work phone, HTC One M7, it's pretty darned awesome, was considering that one also for our personal phones.  ATT website had refurbed Mega 6.3's for Zero bucks, but they went out of stock befor emy payday.  Started poking around the internet and found Amazon offering NEW 6.3's for a freaking penny!  I'm not leaving ATT, and our 2 year contracts had expired, so Hello New Phones !!!6.  Amazon's freaking 2 day shipping was included in the already sweet deal for FREE!  My wife and I are impatient.  Two days is Amazawesome!!!7.  It's SO SHINY!!!!!!!  Mmmm...Black and Chrome - reminds me of our black 2004 Mercury Marauder that we loved.8.  My wife LOVES her Mega 6.3.  This is a woman that already owns a desktop pc, a netbook, a 17 inch laptop (for Sims 3, of course), Nintendo DS, two Xbox360s, and a Galaxy Note 3 8.0 inch tablet.  She is NOT easily impressed.  Oh yeah, she still has her two year old Acer 7 inch tablet, too.  LOLCons:1.  It's a bit slippery, make sure to order some kind of case at the same time is you can, even if it's just a cheap rubbery one to get you by while you decide on what type you will user permanently.  I dropped the wife's Mega on the floor already (don't tell!).  It didn't scratch or damage any part.  This was a slide off some papers on the desk onto the hard faux wood composite floor.2.  I have to wait for this weekend to finish setting up and configuring our phones.  :(  But I got the numbers switched over to the Megas easily on the ATT web site.3.  It does not have Android KitKat yet, but is slated to later this year.4.  It took me a while to find and peel off all of the protective plastic on the shiny chrome  metallic looking edges.5.  Took two whole days for the new phones to get to my house.  STOP SLACKING, AMAZON !!!  When I spend TWO WHOLE CENTS on my debit card, I WANT IT NOW!!!  ( I do predict that Amazon will be the first corporate entity to perfect everyday use of teleportation.  After that comes mind-reading...Amazon will know what I want before I want it due to predictive algorithms and will have it standing on the transporter platform waiting for me to authorize the purchase with my card.  Really, Amazon, there is a mountain money to be made here.)6.  Seriously, I am having trouble finding serious cons here.  The above cons are intended for your amusement only.I know these are heavily discounted due to a newer model on the horizon, but that's what I do.  I generally buy a little behind the bleeding edge and save huge bucks while owning cool stuff.  I've got a feeling that I am going to have to up our data plan some more.  :-)

It's big, but works great for substituting for a tablet.  I use the big screen to view security cameras for work when I am not at the location.  It works great as a phone, especially if you pair it with a headset or earbuds.  Otherwise, it is a great smartphone.

Absolutely love this phone/phablet.  Ideal for me and my vision problems

I purchased my phone from an AT&T; store. The deal went pretty smoothly as the fellow said he was going to be the first person to sell one there. This was a couple of weeks after it was available.I wanted this phone for its large size. I make a lot of Skitch notes and mark them up in the field. The large screen gives me better control of items in the image in order to note equipment failures. I was using at 7" Tab 2 before but wanted to consolidate my phone with my tablet. Why carry two devices? I also have a Next Issue account and can read magazines on it. Also, I use it as an ebook reader.Having the microSD card is great for storing movies while not on a network. My area has spotty, and that is being generous, coverage. If I want to watch a movie I may be able to use Netflix but maybe not. Having a few movies, songs, ebooks, or other media on the external sd card gives me access to entertainment. It was actaully the reason I bought this instead of waiting for the Nexus 5. I have not found a reliable way to move apps to the external SD card.As others have said, the screen is not as sharp as one of the higher end Samsungs. But it is good for watching netcasts and movies on the go. The sound is ok. The rear facing speaker works if you cup your hand over it to bounce the sound to the front. Otherwise I use external speakers.I am not a fan of the Samsung Touchwiz launcher. I put Nova Launcher on it as soon as I could. But launchers are a personal preference. After about 6 months I try to put Cyanogenmod on my phones. I haven't made it that far yet.The processor works fast enough for me. I do not do a lot of gaming but the two I tried worked well. I use this mostly as a work phablet, not a game pad.The latest update from AT&T; has hurt my wifi connection. It checks for "Internet Connection Qualtiy" and if it doesn't find it is fast enough apparently it disconnects you from the wifi. At work I have a wifi network which isn't very fast. I connect to equpment in my office and not the net. It drops my connection very often. Before the update my connection was strong.The phone is pretty slim. Without a case I could put it in a pocket very easily. Being in an industrial environment I have put it in an Otterbox Defender Case. It is a lot larger but I don't worry about dropping it while climbing ladders at work.All in all I am pretty satisfied with this unit.

Wanted a big screen and all-in-one device, and this is it . I can see it and it's beautiful! Drawback is the switch under my finger when I hold it so I turn it off inadvertently. Also it seems reluctant to take a picture when completely horizontal (for pictures or books or the ground). Not bad enough to take away the 5 stars, though! I love it. Have run across lots of other people who love it too.

Nice upgrade when the new Iphone did not get larger...I really looked at the Note 3 and considered returning this phonebut I couldnt justfy the money needed to get the Note 3This phone is the bomb......everything is much better with a larger screenBattery lasts all day with surfing and you tube....notifications are great....and the best is customizing like an Iphone cant.....dont get me wrong I loved my iphoneBut it just would not grow up fast enough for me and my getting older and getting weaker eyes and the need for a larger screenI got a case from Amazon for 5 bucks that works great and use the cd mount by  Mountek to display in my car....it used the new magnet mount and people go nuts when they see it in my car....the large screen means you dont need nav in a car.....just use this....need a car adpater...5.00 bucks here at Amazon as welltoo many options versus Iphone..I dropped the phone from the pocket with the new 5 dollar case on the road....no problem...no ding nothing...build quality is greatwould I buy again yes.....great phoneconversation piece...and when they see pictures and video...its all over....if you need to see things on a bigger scale....this phone will do it....Note......to get better picture quality.....change the phones base setting to a higher resolution....

I love this because I can see good with this phone.....takes good pictures too. the color of the phone was nice and I love video

Great phone and it fits my BIG Hands perfectly..i can use it as a phone  and a tablet also..I LOVE MY SAMSUNG MEGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This phone is a marvel.  It can do anything with ease!  I have huge hands,  so texting can be a problem with most phones...but  not with the Mega.  It's so comfortable to navigate with and through you really need to experience it for yourself.  This is the best purchase I've made in years.  Thanks Samsung, you really know how to help a BIG GUY out!!

The first thing i noticed on this phone is that it is not as smooth as the Note 2 or 3, but the screen size makes up for it. I go through phones every month 5s, optimus pro, everything and this one has been the best so far only because of the screen size. Because of that, this phone is the best out right now overall. Maybe the the htc one max will be better when it comes out. we'll see.

I have always said I would never again sign up for a contract phone. You name it and I tried it, Tracfone, Net10, Go Phone, Straight Talk, etc. When AT&T; offered me a deal I decided to go for it. My first choice was LG Escape, but I had a hard time reading the screen.When I had a chance to upgrade my phone I chose the Samsung Galaxy Mega. WOW!, what a phone, my 65 year old eyes can actually read the screen without store bought glasses.I am still discovering all the great things this phone does, and yes it is a phone, I have used it to actually make and receive calls.ITS A GREAT PHONE AND WELL WORTH THE COST, YOU WON'T REGRET IT. BUY IT NOW!

Love it. Huge screen!!!! Catches peoples attention. Web pages look so much more beautiful on a bigger screen. Games look amazing.

Best phone I've ever had, everyone is intrigued. I'm sold on galaxy and definitely the the note 3 1/2 lol aka MEGA

Overall: Great phone, beautiful giant display, xtra long battery life between charges, better 4g antenna than the Iphone I was using, get one bar more average in the same locations. Awesome for playing games on, watching movies, listening to music  or just reading. Web pages have font that is clearly readable with this screen size without having to zoom in. E-Book apps are nearly the size of a real book on this baby, and it is a joy to use as a kindle type reader. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is torn between a tablet or phone.Pros:-Awesome Display size-Galaxy 4 gpu provides good performance-8.5 hour continuous video playback battery life-Nice sound from the speakers, loud enough not to need externals-16gb storage standard-Android App Store installed and easy to use-voice activation features work well-People stop to look as you make a phone call on your tablet :PCons:-The side mounted buttons are sometimes accidently pushed while trying to hold the phone-If you choose a wallet style case (which work great for most circumstances) it can be a tad cumbersome to use as a phone-No stylus, I don't care, but it is a difference between it and the Note.-A bit too large to fit in your pocket, unless you have giant pockets lol

Exceeded all of my expectations!  It has fantastic features, but the most important is how bright you can make the screen.  No more squinting to see the screen! Yahoo! The best cell phone ever!!!!

I love great phone I was looking for note 2 and saw this phone and never seen it before glad it was cheap and a great phone

This phone is wonderful.  I lived my whole life being small, but now with this, girls look at me ( or it), and gasp "It's so huge!". Thanks Samsung, you brought the man back in me.

Do you have the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 or 3 and constantly complain about how small the 5.7 inch screen is? Probably not. But this is the phone for people who are looking for a phone and a tablet put into one. Literally. I've had the honor of using this phone for about a week now and the large part of the reason I wanted to pick one up was that I wanted to see what the benefits of having such a large phone like this is. And this phone is Large. I mean, my primary phone is the Galaxy Note 3 so one would think that the Galaxy Mega wouldn't be such a jump from a 5.7 inch display the Note 3 has, but immediately I could tell the significant jump in screen real estate that I got from using this phone as opposed to the Note 3's Screen. The phone itself looks like a giant Galaxy S 4. I thought that the resolution would suffer from the larger screen size but surprisingly it is vibrant and nice looking. It's not a top of the line specs kind of phone like the Note 3 is so I could tell that the Galaxy Mega resolution was of lesser quality that the Note 3's but I would say it is better than than alot of other phones. It's worse than that of the iPhone 5, Note 3, but probably comparable to the S3. The benefits of having the phone is that watching videos is a pleasure. It's like i'm holding a mini TV in my hand. Furthermore, browsing web pages on the phone feels like i'm using my laptop. And, the battery life (3200 mAh) is the same as the Note 3's battery (they are not the same size). So, I get about the same usage time on the Galaxy Mega as I do on the Note 3 which is to say, I get alot out of the battery. A full charge will last me a day and even until the next day midway through. I use my phone frequently during the day to check the news, text, etc. But, Let me remind you that unless you are an NBA basketball player or have abnormally huge hands you will NOT be able to text with one hand. I'm 5'8 so imagine how big my hands are, but I could still type texts on the Note 3's keyboard with one hand if i position them correctly, but not with the Galaxy Mega. But, with that being said typing texts on this phone is awesome when one does have two hands available because the keys are so large that I rarely make mistakes typing sentences out. I sometimes have the need to type texts with one hand so that bugged me a bit because, even for just basic swipes across the screen sometimes I needed to use 2 hands. This took a bit of getting used to for me. So, this is definitely not a phone for people who need one hand free frequently when using their phone. The camera is decent, not great, as one would expect from a 8 mega pixel camera. Further, using the camera feels like holding up a tablet. But once I got used to the size pictures were easy to take and so were videos. And, the speaker and sound are pretty decent and loud so no complaints on that front. Surprisingly though, the Galaxy Mega as big as it is, fit in my pocket. I'm not going to say comfortably but it fit nonetheless. If you wear any type of tight fitting pants you will not be able to put this phone in your pocket. But I imagine it would do just fine in a purse or hand bag as it is light for its size. Some of the things that I didn't like about the phone were that every time I take this phone out people either, one, gather around me and ask me about it or two, crack a smart alec joke on me about it. (insert your favorite private part joke here). So, however you put it whether one likes it or not the phone will draw attention. Furthermore, Holding the phone up for a call is not as bad as I thought, it seems natural, nothing awkward but I imagine I look sort of off, holding a big slab of a phone up to my head. Another thing that I don't like about the Galaxy Mega is the build quality. It feels cheap because of all the plastic around it. But if you're used to a Galaxy S phone this shouldn't be too much a problem for you. So, with this experience under my belt I would only recommend this phone to people who can't read small texts, have really big hands, or want to get rid of their tablet and have a phone and a tablet all in one device. And even then I would recommend going to a store first and trying it out first before purchasing it online and realizing that it is too big of a device to handle. I personally will keep using my Note 3 as my primary device (because of the better specs) but, I am intrigued with the phone's ability to be my phone to text and take calls and be a pretty decent tablet too. I also like the ability to upgrade the phone's memory (16 GB internal and 64 GB can be added) and replace the batteries if needed by removing the back plastic. But I can go without all the attention it brings. It also takes a few days to really get used to the size of the device.  In the end, the reason I'll give it four stars is because it is not a phone for every one and it does lack in top of the line performance.  But, let me add that it is a great value for the price (500$) compared to, let's say the iPhone 5s or the Note 3 (750-800$), but of course you're not getting top of the line specs, but the difference is negligible, and only a phone geek will really care about that kind of stuff.  As for me, I'll keep it around and use it a bit more before I make anymore conclusions on it.

Great phone, only complaint is that the camera on it isn't nearly as good as the Samsung Galaxy Skyrocket II or the Galaxy III, which my husband has.  I love the large size, especially for email, games, and facebook!

i been enjoying my mega since I got all features work great no problems only bad is you can't to talk for more than an hour without having to shift it from hand to hand cause its kind of big also got one for the wife and she loves it thank you sumsung for for your great products ta la la !!.

I had a Samsung Flight 2 and need to up grade because the screen was too small.The Samsung Galaxy Mega was the perfect choice. It is between having a tablet and a smart phone. For a guy over 50 the screen is easy on the eyes and it fits great in my hand as a phone. There is a small learning curve using a smart phone with an android operating system in regular mode, which I use. But this phone comes with a very user-friendly mode. I am very happy with Samsung Galaxy Mega.

I'm a guy and I have big hands, and its hard to find a phone that gives your the screen size you need, so its easy to type, or write on. I've heard about this phone for awhile, saw it on YouTube with people doing reviews on it. Yes its a big phone no doubt about that, 6.3 inch screen. Once i saw the reviews i was hooked and had to have it. battery life is AMAZING, its easy for me to kill battery life of a phone. That was a big thing to me, I didn't want to have to charge my phone twice or 3 times a day. All i can say is that this phone, even with heavy usage will last you well over 24 hours. By that alone I was amazed with it, No this does not have the features of the note 3, No this does not have an S pen, But with this phone you don't need it at all.So bottom line is that if your looking for a big phone, to use for texting, surfing the web, streaming movies and music, without killing your wallet. this phone is it
