
Im a long time Tracfone user so Im accustomed to a lot of the issues people have with them. This particular phone has the worst reseption of any phone Ive ever used, although I love the web access and picture quality

My husband switched to Tracfone  from T-mobile a few months ago.  At the time he bought the least expensive phone because he wanted to be sure he liked Tracfone before buying a more expensive phone, but after several months he could't be happier with the service and the savings. His only slight misgiving was the actual phone. It worked fine, but I could tell he missed his Android smartphone, so as soon as Tracfone announced  the availability of Android Smartphones, I jumped at the opportunity and bought the Centura.  He is thrilled with it. His only very minor complaint was that the phone is very &#34;slippery&#34; in his hand, and he was afraid he would drop it.  I hadn't ordered a case with the phone because I wanted to be sure he liked the phone first.  I then ordered the Samsung Galaxy Centura S738C Black/Black DUO Armor impact Tough Case + NakedShield Invisible Screen Protector and he loves it.  He loves the look and feel of the phone with that case and says it feels very secure in his hand.  I admit it does look very good and very sturdy, and I should have bought it sooner.

Like it thanks

For occasional cell phone user, this is the best deal on the market.  Android seems a little clunkier than the iphone system but then again the google link to contacts and other features is quite nice too.  Again, best value on the market.

I did just receive my phone this week, but so far so good. It is by far, the nicest and best tracfone that I have used (this is my fourth!). I think it may be quite some time until I've mastered using it, but I'm very happy with it. Phone calls are easy to make, and has great sound clarity.

Very nice phone best tracfone to date you must down load my account app to keep trac of all units otherwise you will never know what you have used

I love this phone for a lot of reasons. There are some issues, but I'm happy to finally have a smartphone without having to spend 80 bucks a month for a phone with a data plan. With this Tracfone with its triple minutes, if I buy a 200-minute card, it's parted out differently than with the regular phones. I get 600 talk minutes, 600 texts, and 600 MB of data, along with 90 days of service. That's awesome, and lasts a long time. Plus, it has wi-fi, so the data actually doesn't get used very quickly. I went through programs and chose which ones I wanted to get notifications from (basically, all I really want are texts and Google Chat messages; I don't need to be connected to Facebook constantly), which took some doing. At first, the phone was beeping at me constantly.I love being able to access all the Android apps and play a lot of the games I've played on my tablet. The screen size is pretty decent, although it's hard for me to text with the phone in portrait mode. I finally figured out how to allow the phone to go into landscape mode, so that helps some.I'm disappointed that texts aren't more prominent. With all my old phones, a text was displayed on the phone until I acknowledged it in some way, by reading it or dismissing the message. With this, I get an audio sound (which is the same as the audio sound for everything else, and a tiny icon up in the top with all the other tiny icons. It's not immediately clear that there's a text waiting for me, which is frustrating when someone needs an answer quickly. But I suppose I'll get used to it. I did download an app (Skyvi, which is a free Android take on Siri) that gives me a clear indication that I have a text, but it has to be always online to use, which I'd rather not do.I am also frustrated that I can't save apps to the SD card, like I can with my Android tablet. I've read that's a Samsung Galaxy thing. It's kind of pointless; within two months of having the phone, the internal storage was full and I had to start deleting larger programs. There are programs I won't use specifically because they take up too much space. I did find out how to set the SD card as default storage for photos, which was a big deal for me as I take a lot of photos. The phone has a pretty decent camera, and I love that I can pinch-zoom on the photos. As for video, I wish it had both front and back cameras so I could do video chat. I tried Skyping with my friend and while I could see him, all he could see was whatever my phone was looking at. I ended going into the bathroom and pointing it at the mirror!While I don't use the 3G a lot (and I'd avoid watching videos for sure), it's nice to have if I want it, to look up a map, a phone number, or just resolve an argument when I'm away from home. I do try to avoid using unnecessary minutes, but I restrict that mostly to apps working in the background. I don't hesitate to look something up on the phone; it's what I have a smartphone for.I do have a couple of odd issues with this phone that go beyond my complaints with the actual features. Every once in a while it will just stop working. Nothing happens when I press the buttons, and it will vibrate over and over. I have to shut the phone off and turn it on again. And a few times it has turned itself off and won't turn on again until I pop the battery out and put it back in, which is a pain because the back is hard to take off (I've gotten better at it). Also, I hate that the micro SD card slot is under the cover, which pretty much precludes my putting the card into the reader on my computer unless I absolutely can't find a micro USB cord.It sounds like I don't like my phone, but I really do; part of my frustrations, I think, come from being a new smartphone user and being used to a phone that's just a phone. I looked at all the smartphones Tracfone offered, and this one appeared to be the best, and I do like it, especially with the savings I got here on Amazon. When they offer better phones, I'll probably seriously consider getting one, but I think I've got the best smartphone I can get through Tracfone, and I'm happy enough with that to give this phone four stars.

I have had the Samsung galaxy centura for about a month now and love it! I have played with it, customized it, have added about 20 apps, 1000 music files, and have found that I can do most everything on Wifi only. I have data disabled most of the time and don't seem to miss out on a lot. It is like having a (very) small tablet device - no more iPad envy for me :) This phone is such a huge step up from the LG840 that I had before and liked also. Although that phone was advertised as app-capable, I was never able to figure out how to put any java apps on it, and the touchscreen lacked all precision, it was agonizing. This samsung phone has access to a ton of the google play apps, and although this is my first android phone, I found it relatively intuitive to learn the numerous functions. It is also a decent MP3 player when you add a microSD card to it. It is well worth the extra money to do so. I would give the phone itself 5 stars if the customer service wasn't such an exercise in patience. For me, though, it's worth it to spend an hour about every three months to add a card (which seems to require a call since the website did not credit the texts or data when I added a card online.)

Upgraded from a LG 840 G and we both love the new Centura. Nice large screen easy to move around from function to function plenty of room for apps. Great sound quality and volume. Simple to set up. I think it is the best value for an Android phone going today without spending hundreds of dollars. So far we have had not one issue with the phone. WiFi works great, speaker calling & Google voice browser is a great feature. You get all of most of the bells U find on a $700.00 phone. Only one camera on it which is a forward camera, no front facing user lens. I give it ***** Stars.

It was well worth the money. It's certainly a good choice for a cheaper smartphone or for someone who's just getting into smartphones. The cost of upkeep is cheaper than newer smartphone models as well and the ability to connect to wifi and save minutes is one of the best features.

This is a pretty good android phone for the price.  Smooth touch screens, if you don't call a lot, Tracfone is a good choice.

Speaking as a long time tracfone customer, this phone represents the best to date. Past phones availiable were pulled from a time capsule at best. This centura is an entry smart phone. But quality, performance, and price far surpass the $120.00 going rate. The screen resolution is good, and touch interface is excellent for this price point. Processing is adequate for most tasks. Phone performance feels snappy navigating menus and apps. The phone itself feels solid, and looks better in person then the pictures show. Battery life is fair, but as expected. This samsung phone is leaps and bounds better then anything Tracfone has offered before. You cannot underestimate the value here. I disregard reviews of people comparing this phone with others that are 5 times as much money, and with monthly services that cost at minimum 4 times as much. This phone and service is the best value to users who keep their cell phone usage and texts to a minimum. The Samsung centura and the tracfone service for $8 a month is an unbeatable combination!

The Samsung Galaxy Centura is a quality Samsung FULL android phone with lots of nice features.  I've used various tracfones over the years and I can say this is the best full featured phone they've ever offered their customers.  Two reasons to love this phone are 1) it's a very attractive phone and 2) its a full featured smartphone.  Without rambling too much I'll try to sum up the pros and cons of this great phone.PROS - Attractive full featured android smartphone.  The color of the phone is more a stately blue than grey.- Very good battery life if you manage things you aren't using (i.e. BT, WiFi, screen brightness, data, other services)- Excellent standby battery life (it can easily last for 8 days if you use it infrequently.)- Incoming phone voices sound natural- The phone's speaker sounds good and is loud enough when listening to MP3s and MP4 movies- Accepts and plays android APPS from the Amazon store.- Offers TALK, TEXT, and DATA- 3 MP camera.  Takes nice pictures.CONS - You will need to download the user manual from Samsung if you want the FULL manual.- There is a learning curve if you are not used to using the android operating system.- You will have to register for Google services like the Google play store if you want to use them.-  Price.  The phone is $99 which is a bit more expensive than older tracfones of lesser value.I still own and use my trusty semi-smart LG 840G as a second phone but if you are looking for a phone that is FULL android OS and are up to a little learning curve I think you will enjoy being able to use various android APPS on the Samsung Galaxy. Something to keep in mind is that Tracfone distributes the minutes for this &#34;triple minutes&#34; phone a little differently from their other phones. So if you buy a 200 minute refill card you will get 600 minutes of TALK, 600 TEXTS, and 600 mb of DATA.  You will have to decide if this kind of distribution meshes with how you use your phone.  If you are mostly a TEXTER then this phone might not be as good a value for you.

Even though I haven't had time to learn the features, I am so excited to have an Android phone that is a Tracfone. It gives me the ability to be technologically current.

I love this phone. I can finally have a true smart phone and not have the crazy network bill.Mind you, this is not like having a new Galaxy phone but it works great and you can do most of the things you want.Just don't expect an iPhone quality screen or something that will play games. The screen is basically entry level and the processor / memory just enough for apps like Facebook and Twitter.

Bought this phone as a Xmas gift for our daughter. She used it for 2 months then suddenly it stopped holding a charge. We bought a new battery and it seemed fine, but as soon as the battery got low, we tried to charge it and it died again. We tried a 3rd battery with the same result. Now the phone will be useless as soon as the 4th battery gets low so we have to hurry and get a new phone to transfer the data before it dies. We are out the cost of 3 batteries & still don't have a working phone. THIS SUCKS!!!

I just wanted to say this is one of the better purchases I have made. Phone works fine and I received triple minutes when I registered the phone and triple minutes again when I purchased a one year service card. Don't look for any option on tracphone's web site for triple minutes nor will you hear an option for triple minutes when you buy by phone. You will evidently get triple the minutes as long as you have this phone. I paid $108 with tax & fees and received 1200 minutes  I also received triple text messages and web Mb's.

He was a little disappointed at first but once he realized it did everything mine and my husband's android phones can do he was happy.  He hasn't had any complaints.  It holds its charge, doesn't drop calls, and best of all for him plays all the apps he likes.  He has also learned to be a little frugal because he's worried about running out of minutes.  Funny how when its their money/time they are more conscientious of how much they are using!  It has been a good lesson too.

That's why they sold it for $30 at Walmart on Black Friday. The voice mail phone pad likes to leave when you try to enter in your code and the microphone does mot work. Have been unable to find someone smart enough to help at customer service.

At the introduction of the iPhone, Steve Jobs said that he believed all smartphones would be like the iPhone, the Samsung Galaxy Centura Android Prepaid Phone is proof of this statement. Although quite different from an iPhone, this is a surprisingly good prepaid cellphone, and it's a full-fledged smartphone running Android 4.0. It's a very smoothly operating phone, animations are all very smooth, downloading apps from the Google Play store is very simple and fast, connecting to the Internet is quick. As a smartphone, this works very well. However, it is not my first choice for a smartphone. I would have to say that this is likely the best prepaid phone you can get, however.

ORIGINAL REVIEW (now with "excellent" replaced with "???"): OK, there are bigger/smaller faster/cooler phones out there, but for the money, this is an ??? phone, or rather an ??? gizmo/gadget.  With all the Android apps out there, there are so many things this G/G can become ... GPS, note taker, voice recorder, calendar with time/location notifications, camera, video recorder, shopping organizer, bowser, newspaper, music player, flashlight, yada yada yada.  I've tried many different apps from Google Play and they've all worked just fine. Wireless connections work fine. TracFone is a great value for service particularly if you're a lighter user and not in need of unlimited minutes/message/gigabytes.  Pay for what you need when you need it, don't pay for "time" you don't use.  We have two Galaxy Centura phones in our family, both work great. ??? value.UPDATE a couple months later: I removed the word "excellent" from my review.  It is not, I am sorry to report.  It is "OK" and even then, a critical issue: it crashes, often daily.  Very sad.  I am "guessing" (somewhat educated actually) that it is the operating system, Android.  Could it have a "virus"?  Dunno.  But it will just simply stop working, freeze for no apparent reason.  When it does and it's in my pocket, there is a short vibrate, then another ... not a regular notification vibrate ... I can no instantly tell that the phone crashed.  Sure enough, I hit the power button to turn off the screen saver, and the "phone" is locked (not a phone anymore!) usually with some of the icons showing but not all.  Nothing is response to a screen thouch.  It will not come back any way any how unless I hold down the on/off button for a long time ... then it powers down.  NOT GOOD.  So disappointed!!!  So ... cavaet emptor.

I have been so pleased to have an android phone on Tracfone that I put up with the phone freezing without warning and the clock resetting to GMT at random times. But yesterday after 4 months of use, it froze so completely it won't boot up past the Tracfone logo.  It's useless.  After numerous tries I called Tracfone and spent an hour on the phone as they offered things to try.  They finally gave up and will send me another.  I've never had a problem with Tracfone phones, and I've been a user for almost 10 years.  I have a Samsung tablet with Verizon service that's several years old and has never had a problem.  This phone is good in some ways but not reliable.  If you need reliable phone service I recommend either using the LG 840G (which is a semi-smart phone, but not android) with Tracfone or trying one of the others offered.  This one is not ready for prime time.

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Centura so that I could accept credit card payments using the Square Up credit card reader while at craft shows.  It works well for this purpose and, since it uses the Verizon network, I can get a good signal in most places where I will be using it.

I debated between getting this phone or the LG Optimus Dynamic II and thought that the Samsungs seemed to be all the rage in the higher end cell phones it had to be good.  Right?  I wish that I had gone with the LG.  The Centura was very slow and froze a lot while trying to run a few apps downloaded from the playstore.  As a phone it was good but so are the really cheap candy bar or flip phones that Tracfone offers.  I ended up buying the LG after a few weeks and it is way better at running apps and as good as a phone.  Do yourself a favor, spend the extra few bucks and get the LG Optimus.

I have a Droid RazR M that I obtained for $0.99 and a two-year contract. For this they allowed me to pay them $83 a month!  I once had a BlackBerry Storm 2 for four years which I loved but I wanted something that was 4G.  My husband has had TracFones for years and has gotten good service given the little he needed a phone.  However, he is always asking me if his phone can do this or that and I tell him no because he doesn't have a smartphone.  Well for Valentine's I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Centura for him.  It is 3G, but works wonderfully on our WiFi network. When it's on any WiFi (which is most of the time) no time is deducted from the time allotted after buying an airtime card.  I downloaded a texting app that is free and he uses it for texting because it also uses WiFi ).  Therefore, he seldom pays for a call or a text (and now data) except for buying a $20 card every 90 days.  He has many minutes to use because TracFone triples the new minutes from each card and rolls unused minutes forward. (This doesn't apply to data).  The clock (doesn't keep right time) issue (discussed by other reviewers over and over again is also true for my husband's phone.  I downloaded a clock app that seems to be working just fine so even that isn't a real problem. This phone doesn't have a front-facing camera so Skype Tango and OoVoo aren't possible, but other than those items mentioned this is a &#34;GREAT&#34; phone for a good price.  Unless a person is using the internet, talking on the phone all the time, and texting a lot (and doesn't have WiFi) don't hesitate to purchase this phone.  I'm even sorry I went with the two-year contract thing because I am literally giving the carrier my money for nothing!

Now this is the phone that does it. Reasonable price and works great. This is the best phone I ever used and will never be without it. Why pay big bucks monthly when you can pay as you go and have a device like this. One try and you will see that Samsung really is the best.

Batter needs to be recharge too often.Phone tends to crash on start up 3 out of 10 times phone is put into service

This is a great android phone. It does everything that my expensive smart phone that my work provides can do.

This phone was great at first, then it started acting up and now after using it for 2 months, it will not work. It is defective!!  Now I find out I can not exchange it.  Do not buy this phone!

Great upgrade from the old flip phone we were using. We only use cell phones when we travel so I've only used this once to test it. The operating system (Android 4.0) is the same as the Nexus 7 I use so the learning curve was considerably shortened. I had a little difficulty activating it because I didn't read the enclosed instruction carefully. Follow ALL the steps on the red activation card that comes with the phone - especially the last one which I missed. Triple minutes for life is a great enhancement.

it will freeze up about 70% of the time to the point that you have to turn the whole phone off

Great phone. It was a big upgrade for me. The phone is easy to use and does alot of things I will never use. Buy the 32gig card from samsung.

I love everything about this phone.  Texting is much easier than any touch screen I have ever used.  Someone in a previous review said the keyboard is terrible, but that is not true.  I bought the Lg Optimus Dynamic II because I wanted a bigger screen.  BIG MISTAKE!!  That phone is nothing next to the Samsung Galaxy Centura.  I had tracfone turn my Samsung back on, which I must add, was done without a problem.  They had me fixed up in one phone call and within 20 minutes. The Lg Optimus is history!  I don't write many reviews, but this phone deserves one.  If you are thinking about getting this phone, I would surely give it a whirl!!

Booyah! With full android capability, Verizon towers, and a decent camera, this phone is the bomb for someone who needs/wants a smartfone, but doesn't have enough money to burn a wet dog.The only real downside is the small screen. I hope Tracfone introduces a larger screen model soon.

Before you order this phone check to see if you have verizon coverage in your area.I ordered this to replace a Motorola tracfone that I never really liked.  I am very pleased with the phone and the triple minutes feature.  After the transfer of minutes from my old phone (did this easily from the website), I now have enough minutes for an entire year.  The touch screen is very nice and works well.  I did invest several hours setting up the phone to suit my use.  Let's face it, this is not a iPhone so do not expect the performance of a much more expensive phone but for $100 you get a great phone free of any expensive contract with all features of much more expensive phone.  Recommended.UpdateI use this phone for calls and texting.  It has not failed to meet my needs.  It is a bargain and would buy it again.  If you are looking for the performance of an iPhone or high end samsung phone look elsewhere otherwise you might be disappointed.  My goal with this phone is to keep my cell phone expenses low.  This phone does just that and I have no complaints.  You won't impress your fiends with this phone but you'll keep money in your pocket.  Love being on the Verizon network.

easy to use. good coverage for my area. have to get the tracfone app from google to track minutes. nice loud ringer and can hear the other person well. have to look at bar on top of screen though to see if you missed a call. i miss that missed call message i used to get with old tracfone phone. i have missed a few calls because of that. now i know to check. have gotten on web with ease. i think it is a good size screen, biggest one i have owned so far. no problems to report with this one that i have had. it was about time for tracfone to have a smart phone too,

This is my second inexpensive smartphone, which I've owned for about six months now, and overall I'm quite happy with this Samsung. Battery life is very good compared to the LG smartphone I had previously through Verizon prepaid, sound quality is good, the touchscreen works well, and the phone is reasonably quick to respond to touches.Some issues I've experienced from time to time are loss of accurate time-keeping, an occasional freeze up, which requires me to remove and then replace the battery, and sometimes becoming sluggish to touches. For the price, I consider such issues minor and a fair trade-off for the overall performance of the phone and the low, low cost of TracFone service.In looking over some of the negative reviews here for this phone, I had to chuckle and wonder if perhaps some folks have slightly skewed expectations. If you want a super-great, lightning-quick performing smartphone or "phablet" with the latest Android OS version, then go with one of the "big four" contract plans and expect to shell out at least $100 a month for service. If you want to skip monthly contract plans and go cheap-cheap (like about $7/month), then a smartphone with a few imperfections might be just your cup of tea, which is certainly the case for me. :)

Five months ago, I signed up for TracFone's prepaid Android service with the ZTE Valet.  While the Valet was functional enough for simple Android tasks, it would quite frequently labor under its sluggish hardware.  Samsung's Centura is a definite upgrade, especially when it comes to display and processor capabilities.  It most certainly classifies as an entry-level Android device like the Valet.  However, its overall performance level is a notch above what a typical user would experience on ZTE's TracFone offering.There are a couple of drawbacks to the Galaxy Centura, the biggest being its lack of a notification LED.  Unlike the Valet, you'll have no flashing light on the Centura indicating missed calls or texts.  You'll have to periodically turn on the screen to verify such activity.  The other key feature missing here is an LED flash.  The ZTE's camera was pretty lousy, but it did have a flash which could be turned into a flashlight with any number of apps available at Google Play.  That is not the case with the Samsung counterpart.  If you like having LEDs (both notification and flash) on your Android device, then going with a Valet would be a wiser choice.  The Centura lacks both.In the final analysis, I'll always prefer a device with better performance and a superior screen.  That's where the Centura really wins this contest.  TracFone offers casual smartphone users a great value with its $20 three-month plans.  The Samsung Galaxy Centura enhances that value by offering the user an agreeable Android experience.

Some of the features I had with my Galaxy tablet could not be implemented, but still a great phone. Plenty of free apps to download.  Some of my favorite features are the GPS capabilities.  Not as good as the Garmin sitting on my dashboard, but very nice for a pinch and FREE.

Great price and service

I recently upgraded from an older tracfone to the Samsung Galaxy and I love the phone, it is amazing. I mostly use it to stay in touch with family and friends with the whatsapp app. It has all the functions I need and being very frugal it only costs me about $200 @ year compared to the $600 dollars @ year I would have spend on the cheapest voice/data plan offered. In addition the triple minutes for life are also unbeatable. It feels and functions like a real smart phone and I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Great price. Perfect phone.  Prepaid phone is the way to go and now I have an android.  Could not ask for anything else.

This phone meets my needs except for one thing -- audio from the cell phone speaker is terrible making phone calls hard to understand. Any audio heard from the phone through a headset or bluetooth is okay.

I have been a Tracfone customer for years and was really excited when the came out with this phone. I have always had excellant  service with tracfone but this phone had absoulutely not service in my area. After many calls to tracfone it was finallly  explained to me that this phone was a Verizon only tower. The rural area I am in has only ATT.  I had a choice of keeping it which would be worthless to me or going back to my old phone. I had to wait for a new sim card which I now reallize has nowhere the service that my old sim had and takes more minutes away than before. Also Trafone classified it a downgrade to go back to my old phone and due to COMPANY POLICY would not transfer 810 minutes I had  on the phone back to my old phone. Even though their &#34;classfied&#34; upgrade would not work in my area.I have had numerous problems getting my old phone back to where it was before . Needless to say  I will not be a Tracfone customer in a very short period of time. Also Amazon should state verizon only.

Word of WARNING. Please share this. If you are a Tracfone user and are thinking of switching to their Android phones...DON'T. We purchased an Android Tracfone for my daughter at Christmas thinking it would be nice for her to have the extra capabilities next year on campus. Triple minutes...sounds great too. On her previous phone a 120 minute card tripled was 360 minutes. A text was 1/3 of a minute so she got 1080 texts. On the new Android phones you get 120 phone minutes, 120 texts, and 120 data minutes. Since my daughter usually texts she was out of texts and had added enough air time to have over 1000 talk minutes built up. We decided to transfer her back to her old phone figuring she could at least use those minutes up before getting a different service. They transferred her number, but the Android phone contract does not allow for transfer of minutes. No service rep (and I talked to too many in the transfer process)mentioned that, and the first rep actually said they WOULD transfer. Her new phone from a different carrier arrives today. They have lost one customer from this family and once my minutes are gone I will be considering new carriers as well. BAD move Tracfone.

The phone functions are very poor.  The phone app just closes when you're trying to make a call.  The number entry screen disappears when you're trying to enter a phone number. Just a bad phone. The 3g connectivity is very slow, but that's to be expected in a cheap phone.  But the phone is what's exasperationg.

I waited a month before reviewing to see how it worked. So far it is everything I wanted it to be. great phone. it is pretty fast (it is 3g not 4g).for the price it is really worth it.I also love the the way the minutes get split 3 ways, its like bonus.

don't have any service  plan on sending it back would love to find a motorola phone understand they work good anywhere.

This is a great phone for $100!  I previously used a Motorola EX124G, which was also a great phone!  I just noticed something I was not aware of before.  I have been using it for several days, and noticed my usage numbers for Data was going up, although I was always using WIFI at home.  I believe it is due to Mobile Data still being turned on.  The phone must default to using Mobile Data even if WIFI is on and working.  Be sure to turn off Mobile Data if using WIFI. I really enjoy using this phone.

All android phones from tracfone are bottom of the line Garbage, samsung keeps screwing up, acts up, goes blank, freezes up, the MP3 player is junk, wont download attachments in a message,  big mistake, thought i'd step up from my LG 840g, Now i wish i had it back.  data, 428MB in one hour, is gone.  even games free downloads, ya play them a little bit and all they want is more money.  signal is lousy.  as far as i am concerned they are pure JUNK.  Now that i have one, 129.99, 99.99 on here, i would'nd give 20 bucks for one.  If ya want a good phone your gonna have to pay the price, cause now i know you won't get one from tracfone, what a total waste of hard earned money.  JUNK, JUNK, JUNK

I'VE HAD THIS PHONE FOR 6 WEEKS NOW. I HAVE TO CHARGE THE BATTERY IN THIS THING 3 TIMES A DAY EVEN THOUGH I KEEP IT ON STANDBY MOST OF THE TIME. WAITED TOO LONG TO RETURN IT TO AMAZON. 30 DAY RETURN POLICY. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE. I HATE IT.

I have always had a Tracfone, 11 years now, never had a proplem, no dropped calls, I just update with the times. I just updated to this tracfone smartphone. It is perfect for pay as you go if you do not use much data, text, or phone calls, which fits my style. I am to busy to be on the phone alot. But now I can use my phone when needed and be able to the weather, sports scores, etc. I am constantly learning new tricks with the phone daily, and with Google Play Store there are plenty of interesting free APPS. Get one you will enjoy it.

Some of the reviews I read for this phone indicated problems with the clock.  So far (three weeks) it has worked fine.  It sometimes breaks up when talking but this is probably the rural area where I live.

The camera leaves a little to be desired, particularly the video recording. Was hoping for better performance in this area. Otherwise fine unit.

Bought this for my mother and it works very good!She had to get a new phone because her old one broke.

Phone is a nice size, not too big, or  bulky. Only problem is the Tracfone minutes go quickly, especially the data minutes.

I got my phone, put the battery in and charged it. That was the end of my good experiences. I needed to transfer the minutes and service from the older LG840G to the new phone, so I got on the web site, followed the instructions and nothing happened. So I called Tracfone (8 times now!!) and each time they want to know my phone number, email address, how I spell my name, etc. This is insane! The people are obviously overseas (India?) and speak very broken and heavily accented English. I can barely understand them. After more than 8 hours of my time with their support, I still don't have a working phone. I have never experienced anything like this!GO SOMEPLACE ELSE!

I find the screen too sensitive and you have to be careful when turning it on that you don't touch the volume button at the same time.

I have owned several Tracfones and this one by far was the easiest one to set up.  I connected it to Tracfone and transferred my contacts within the matter of minutes.  The Android phone is worth the extra cost since it has so many additional, useful features.  The Android is the best improvement that Tracfone has made in its service in years.

I found learning the Android system on my new Samsung Galaxy Centura phone aggravating.  Eventually I may master it, but at this time I still can't do some of the things that were easy with My other phone and I haven't yet located good step-by-step instructions on internet to accomplish some of the functions.  (The booklets that came to me with the phone are summary versions.)

I love this phone!  it gives you most of the advantages of a smartphone, at a very low price. if you are not a heavy cellphone user, this is the phone for you.

Serial number on phone and document was invalid. Was unable to register phone. The phone itself is good, but useless since the Serial number was incorrect.

The phone was easy to set up with Tracfone. It arrived in a bubble wrap envelope which I think a box would have been more appropriate. It has good battery life,but I mainly use it as a phone since I have a computer I built. The minutes from my old Tracfone transferred over with no problem and they doubled in the talk,text, and data categories. Not sure why they didn't triple.

I love the size of the phone it slips right in my shirt pocket and you do not know it is there.Great upgrade from my last phone.

For a first time smart phone user...get this phone...you get triple minutes on everything and it is so easy to set up and use.I don't know why I waited so long.  For the price you can't go wrong.

I am going out on a limb with three stars.  Everything on this phone seems to function well, except the phone.  I have to use speaker phone mode to make or receive calls.  No replacement offered through Amazon or the seller.  I am trying to work with Tracfone to get the phone replaced and we'll see how that goes.  I'm not a overly happy customer.

I purchased through HSN back in September.  It worked for one day only and somehow got frozen up the emergency call mode?  Have no idea how that would have happened?  The phone would not function again at all and I tried for 3 weeks, unsuccessfully, working with TracFone employees that seem to know nothing about this smartphone.  Had to return to HSN.  It's ok if it is a working smartphone when you get it but, TracFone cannot help if anything goes wrong with it.  They really need to educate themselves on this Smartphone to be able to service anyone.  No on screen record of minutes or days left.  Have to go on-line to check status.  Must also be willing to pay much more for the minutes which include text and data.  Quite a bit higher than standard tracfone minutes.

affordable.  all the apps that I need.  information booklet easy to apply.blue tooth included.  update from previous phone. worked with tracfone

I'm a limited cell phone user, and never felt the need for online data until recent travels showed me how great it would be to get airline info by phone.  A long time TracFone customer, I decided to buy the Centura.  I suppose it may be old hat for iPhone users and the newer models, but I was astounded at the features for $99.  I followed the procedure online at TracPhone to transfer my old number and minutes to the new one.  Be careful, as the sequence of actions is fairly long, but it worked perfectly.  990 minutes on the old phone, became 990 minutes on the new phone + 990 text messages and 990 MB of data.  I downloaded a few apps (Be sure to use your wi-fi so as not to burn your data bank) and they have all worked perfectly.  By the way, your Google contacts show up automatically in the new phone.  I had the LG840 before and I was able to connect the old phone to the new phone via bluetooth to transfer those numbers directly.  I don't know yet how long the data budget will last, but so far the usage seems to go slowly.  By the way -- the phone works just fine and I haven't found a dead spot around north San Diego County as yet.Another thought.  There have been complaints about the alarm clock.  I have had no problems, but I downloaded an app called "Timely" that is a great little clock.  Also, you will need to download the "Tracfone account" app that connects to TracFone to find out how many minutes and how much data you have left as the phone itself does not display it.Additional info 6/8/14.  The phone goes to voice mail after 3 rings which is sometimes not enough time for me to get it out of my pocket and answer.  I call customer service and was told they cannot increase the rings before voice mail.  A web search gave some suggestions for increasing the interval, but when I went through the suggested sequence of key strokes, Verizon interrupts and says the feature change cannot be accomplished.

Personally I was satisfied with my simple TracFone.  For my lifestyle I do not leave all the &#34;bells and whistles&#34;.  Speaking of whistle.  My husband definitely had to turn that off when we first charged the phone.  The whistle was annoying for me.  The books that came with the phone did not explain enough of the various features and symbols that is on it.  The industry assumes that everyone knows all the features.  I am from the generation where there was only one phone in the house, it was black, and a dial. If there is a flash on the camera I do not know where it is. Would love to know how to get my pictures off of my old phone into my new phone.

Subject line says it all--I can take the phone off the charger in the a.m. and it's dead by lunchtime, even if I never even turn it on.  Also, the clock resets itself constantly to 3 hours behind.Is Tracfone selling refurbished phones and passing them off as new?  Sure looks like it.

Please keep in mind my review is more geared towards Tracfone service with this phone, and not a review of  the phone itself.I'm a 7 year user of traditional (non-smart) Tracfones. I decided now that Tracfone is offering Android devices, and after punching my zipcode into their website, it was determined they would work in my area, so I decided it was time for an upgrade.After receiving my phone, I followed the directions to transfer my number, my old phone quit working, then it came time to activate my new phone. It would not activate using the instructions of calling *22890. When calling that number it stated &#34;this call cannot be completed as dialed&#34;.I called Tracfone support and after several hours of powering phone off, do this, do that, it was determined the phone must be defective. So I returned it to Amazon, and purchased another model Android phone. After receiving this phone, it would still not activate, and spent a couple more hours on the phone with elevated tech support.Now, I'm finally at Level 3 support, and they have a carrier network engineer (for Verizon, since that is the service these phones operate) on the other end. I was told drive a few miles from my home zip code, activate it, then all would be good.I proceeded to do this, and after returning to my home zip code, I could receive calls, but when making calls, all I got was a message &#34;please re-enter the phone number and do not press send&#34;. I had to do this for every outgoing number.After researching further online, and no help from Tracfone support, I found out I'm living in a area that Verizon does not consider a &#34;home network&#34;. But still showed me as having service in their extended network.So to sum all this up, unless you live in the Verizon &#34;Home Network&#34;, you will not be able to activate your phone, and if you do travel to an area to activate it, and return home, it will be extra steps to make outbound calls because you are essentially roaming on someone else cell towers.

Not enough clear operation info.  Tracking tracphone  days and  minutes should be visible on screen.  Don't understand camera operation.  Not a techie so I need a more detailed instructions for use.  Will not recommend this phone.  Oh screen is the reason I purchased it.. Previous TP was a LG and  was awful. This screen is a vast improvement over what I had. Only good thing.

This is my first smart phone, having been a Tracfone customer for years. Only one problem...same as others are having. The time occasionally changes, apparently to GMT. I've reset the time several times, and changed the auto setting. It still happens. Otherwise, the sound, display, and functions work well

First, I should say I have other Tracfones but this is my 1st android phone so still on a learning curve.  The phone is great, WiFi, used with airtime data turned off is fantastic, connects easily and flawlessly and uses no minutes.  Bluetooth connects to both my vehicles' Motorola IHF1000 handsfree speakerphone units, reliably and flawlessly.  Phone has acceptable signal strength even in my weak signal home area - the calls still connect and come through loud and clear in both directions, both on the phone and through the bluetooth hands free units. This is a great improvement over my previous Tracfones which ran on T-Mobil in my area.  I find the 'save numbers to contacts' and 'contacts setup' a little convoluted, maybe because I'm not used to it.  Can't find a speed dial or favorites contacts to put my Home or other close contacts into.  Maybe it's there but I can't find it.  I haven't yet figured out how to get my contacts info from my old, non-android phone onto this new phone without having to re enter everything. Overall the phone is great and a significant improvement over previous Tracfones. I can do a lot of the same stuff I can do on the Kindle Fire HD plus a phone too. Next I will research and order phone case, SD card and car holder.Now to the Tracfone service...  I'm setting this phone up for my wife and ultimately will transfer her existing AT+T number to this phone but initially I'm setting this up as new service with new number.  Once it's working, to her satisfaction, I'll transfer the AT+T number.  The Tracfone saga...  I activated on-line and applied a 60 min pin.  Called *22890 and phone seemed to activate but no airtime applied. Waited 2 hours, still no airtime. It took 4 calls, 1st call I was told to be patient and wait awhile - waited 12 hours. 2nd call, no resolution, after 30 min I ran out of time at lunch and had to hang up. 3rd call, connected to supervisor who had to set it up manually and got it working but when I checked the airtime on-line found only 60 (1X) minutes. 4th call, I was told my phone did not allow for 3X minutes. Many 'Wait a moment while I check further' episodes. After insisting repeatedly, I was connected to techsupport who again told me that according to their records, my phone was not set up to have 3X minutes. I told her to check their web site and read the description. I also read her the 3X description off the box. Finally after 'checking further' repeatedly, determined that she could fix the phone to allow for 3X minutes and update my original airtime to 3X. So after 4 calls and 2+ hours on the phone, seems to be all better with 3X on the airtime/text/data balance. Next test will be when I add another airtime card and look for 3X.  The phone finally is working with triple minutes applied.  This was much like calling Microsoft support - their answers are technically accurate, but practically worthless...

great phone everything works nicely. a hassle for current customers to change over account but worth it for the savings. the only disappointment is the missing camera no video chatting skype or oovoo if this phone had 2 cameras it would be a perfect deal.

I had no desire to have a smartphone, but you can't avoid them these days.This phone is pretty good, I hated it for the first few days, but now that I have it all set up I kinda like it. I have a bluetooth speaker & carry it around with me at work streaming Pandora from the phone all day, it's like a pocket radio.I think if you wanted to play games & use other interactive apps you probably would not be too happy with this phone because it is a bit slow with internet apps. If that's what you want, get an iPhone, this is no substitute, but if you're like me & use the phone primarily as a phone it is pretty good. The reception on this phone is actually better than the &#34;dumb&#34; phone it is replacing, so I don't think the phone functionality is just an afterthought.Battery life is good, I get about 2 days on a charge even using it to stream Pandora most of the day.I find I text more with this phone because the touch keyboard makes texting a lot quicker.The con: Google, why does Google think everyone wants to be in symbiosis with them? I don't want anything to do with Gmail, Google+, etc. etc. but with an Andriod phone that is obviously impossible. You are required to setup a Google account in order to download any apps, even free apps. I have disabled as much as I can, but they are only placating you by allowing you to turn such settings off, for example, I have all the location settings off which says right on the locations page that apps will not be able to use your location data, but what do you know somehow I get lots of local ads whenever use any online apps.I wish there was an open source alternative.

I decided to put my 2 cents in comparing these 2 new items.  I know many of you can't decide which phone to get when upgrading tracfone service to a smart phone.  I hope I make your decision easier than my was.I first bought the ZTE, used it for a few days then returned it for the Samsung and have been using that for a couple of days.To make a long story shorter, the SAMSUNG is the better choice.I loved this phone from the second I put it in my hand.  It feels great, looks great, and equals or out performs the ZTE.Comparisons:The ZTE does not light up the 3 lowest buttons on the front of your phone unless it is very dark out.  This is a real negative.The Samsung is more intuitive in both set up and use.  It just feels right, where the ZTE doesn't.Both perform at about the same rate of speed, but the Wifi is better on the samsung.  In fact,  the range on the ZTE is poor.Both versions of android work smooth.Many more accessories are available for the Samsung.Price:  There is an e-bay site which sells the Samsung for $109 (-5$ for using Paypal I think)  Anyway it cost me $104...no shipping or taxes and arrived in TWO days.In summation....BUY THE SAMSUNG and you won't be sorry.

this phone is harder to use thane I expected. The charge does last as long as my older non android phone did.

It seems to be slower with internet, which I expected, being reasonably priced, but I have had problems with screen freezing.  An easy solution seems to be to open up back of phone and take out battery.  I'm not sure I am sold on this yet- had to talk with Customer Service to address some issues, not well explained.  We'll see.... I'm just hoping it works when I need it or I'd be tempted to go back to my &#34;dumb phone.&#34;  At least it's always been reliable.

Really was waiting for TracFone to come out with a smart phone.  Finally.  It really works well and I have a lot of fun learning Smartstuff

The Centura has many features of a normal smart phone, yet it lacks in size. This cell phone is small and compact, which might be great for some, but is horrible for those who need a wider screen to type.  The letters are so close together that you rarely type what you meant to.Being and Android phone, the Centura is able to get all the apps that a normal smart phone would, but there is a very large lag time.  Being able to play a game without having to wait a long period of time for it to load is rare.When using the auto-correct you are not able to choose from the most common words that combinations would consist of.  This mistake is frustrating and therefore cannot be used since you must type out the word you meant instead anyway.I do not recommend this phone since it has caused much frustration and confusion since the day I bought it.  Investing in a more expensive phone that has been known to work properly may be a better choice.  (KCB)

I purchased the above phone in December and have been very satisfied.  I have had several TracFones over the last 10 years.  This one has many more features and I am able to text the grandkids more easily and receive emails.  My only complaint is that it shuts down totally about once a week and I have to take it apart, take out the battery and then put back together.  That clears the problem, but it is a pain.  Kind of curious if this happens to others who own this phone.

Have always had a tracfone but wanted a smartphone.  Can't say too much about it yet cause I am having trouble learning how to use it...only time will tell.

Best bang for the buck! Wife loves it.  She can even find her way to the big city with the GPS.  Fast shipping.  Good price!

Phone words fine, no problems, and you can't beat the price.  The Tracfone Galaxy Centura is a good a phone for someone who wants to transition from a non-android phone to a smart phone..  It's easy to download apps from Google, including the Tracfone app that lets you know your service days and data/text/minutes information.  One key point to remember is that android phones use up battery time more quickly than other phones.  One way to maintain standby time is to close the applications that you run as soon as your done using them.  A detailed Samsung Galaxy Centura user guide is available on-line in case you are unsure how to use an Android phone.  After purchasing one of these phones, we liked it so well, we purchased three more for our family.

Works nicely.

I wish it had an onscreen thing with how many minutes I have.  And the manuals do not come close to conveying needed info....had to go online for the full manual.  But it works well and it's nice to have a camera and Internet access.

I purchased the ZTE Valet from the same seller via eBay (it was available 5 days earlier) and am returning it because I was sorely disappointed with the performance.  This Samsung Galaxy Centura is exactly what I have come to expect from the company who make the processors for Apple devices (you'd have to pay me to own any Apple product tho).  This phone is FAST and responsive to touches and swipes, reacts quickly to app open and close commands, sounds great on voice calls, and works great in fringe signal areas like where I live.  I know the specs are better for the ZTE, but the real-time performance is much better from the higher priced Samsung. I have loaded many extra apps already and the phone doesn't seem to care how many apps it has running in the background.  Buy one- you will love it as much as I do.

I have never owned a Smartphone until recently. I just could not justify paying $50-100 a month for something I would not use often enough. Cell reception notably does not come in well in my area so I was limited in what I could get. I have been a Tracfone user for about 4 years and have been waiting for the day when they would offer a Smartphone. I am SO glad I waited and was not tempted by those 'other' companies.I bought this from QVC recently with the 600 promotional minutes (text, talk AND data) and I am just thrilled I took the chance. I figured at best I would be able to use it in town where I get cell reception and at home with the wifi. I was pleasantly surprised to find out after I got the phone that it uses the same towers that Verizon does which is great for my area. I can get reception at home somewhat!  Bonus!  I could not get that with my old Tracfone. I don't know why.The best thing for me is using the wifi at home. It reminds me of a smaller tablet or an ipod. I can check email, send photos, chat, check Facebook, listen to music. All without using those minutes. (Note: you need to have internet at home for this to happen) Same goes when I go out to a store or a town with wifi. Otherwise as long as I have cell reception, I can do the same using the minutes too. The screen is plenty big for me, nice and bright and colorful and responsive.For what I use it for, I am thrilled just like so many others have written. It's my first smartphone so I can't really compare it to anything else, but compared to what I had before, I am blown away. I would most certainly buy it again.

Phone did not work in my area,witch is no fault of phone. Phone would freeze when trying to use apps.Would not recommend this phone.

Not as fast as some of the newer phones out there, but does just fine.  I love being able to have the same configuration as my Android tablet.  Tracfone works VERY well for me since I don't make very many calls -- about $8 per month is all.  Just be sure to buy a stylus, since smartphones aren't big enough for adult-size fingers.

Good price for a smart phone if you dont plan to use it much. I'm actually thinking about switching to Straight Talk though because the Tracefone version is expensive to run.Even with triple minutes, if you use an average of 100 texts/day, this phone will run you approx $40 a week through Tracefone.

Learning curve pretty steep when you go from a flip phone to this, but am enjoying it.

This is my first "smart" phone, and I am thrilled with it!!!  AN UPDATE: At first I thought I would not be able to do things like download cool ringtones, then I found the free app "Fusion". This app will let you use all kinds of music and downloadable stuff as ringtones.  I've been able to "personalize" people, like my husband with the Indiana Jones theme, etc... Really FUN!  Right now my main small problem with this phone is I can't figure out how to turn off certain sounds individually, like email notifications.  Unless I remember to switch off "Wi-Fi" every night, the phone will wake me up with notification alerts whenever I get an email, and running an online business, I get bunches.  I did try someones suggestion of making default notifications "silent", but it still sounds for every email received. There may have been a way to do it on that first "set-up", but not sure. Bottom line, this is a great phone and I am super happy with it, I am even MORE happy with TracFone.  I should be fine with a $10 a month plan as this phone triples everything; a 120 minute card becomes 360...and now I can take credit cards at trade shows using a free Square reader I ordered online.  That was the main purpose for getting this phone.  I've already run a sale, and this phone works great to do it. As you may already know, TracFone buys services through the big cell phone companies.  Which server is determined by which phone. This is a Verizon phone, so if you get a good signal with Verizon, you will get a signal with this phone. We live in a mountainous area where Verizon is the only strong server.  There are websites that will tell you which TracFones use which servers.  Takes a bit of research.  And a last bit of advise, if you buy this phone, as soon as you activate it, go into "system settings", then "data usage" and switch off "mobile data".  I used up half my data in the first couple days before figuring this out. This way it will do all your data usage free as long as you have "Wi-Fi" where using it.

Did not receive in two days, but that's all on UPS. Transferred my number and minutes easily. Had some trouble with the final activation, but that's because I didn't read the directions correctly. A quick call to Tracfone took care of it. Now I'm doing my contacts. Kind of a pain but not the fault of the phone. So...so far so good.

I have friends with cell phones and I have seen the whole world with one of these glued to their heads. Since I travel a lot I decided to by one and on recommendation I bought this one. I bought it from Walmart with a $45.00 unlimited card. All I can say is that I am absolutely disappointed. This thing is as slow as molasses on a cold day. It takes forever to do anything and every time I find an android download that I would like to try it always has to go through the Google Play store, why? And why wasn't this revealed in any literature? So far after three days of trying I finally got one application to download which is a cleaner to get rid of unwanted files. I have been sitting here since early this morning, it is now 2:08 PM, and I still can't get the sign in page to work for Google play.The phone works OK except I can't get rid of the frequently called numbers. There is an application for this except it won't download no matter what I do. I also have TrendMicro Titanium Max which includes security for mobile phones. But it will not download either. I truly regret buying this phone. I should have bought, I think you call it a flip phone. It is just a phone and that is all.I carry an HP Elitebook 8560w workstation. I will never give it up no matter how big it is. Compared to Samsung I can't understand how these supposed smart phones stay in business. I can tell you this, it is back to my CB rig and laptop. Good-bye Samsung.

I've never seen the sense of paying well over $50/month for unlimited phone plans, many of which include UNLIMITED talk, texts and then tacked-on mobile data fees.  The simple reason?  I don't need to make or receive a lot of phone calls when I'm &#34;on the go&#34;...most of the time family/friends can reach me at home or at work!That being said, I've never really been opposed to owning a cellphone (either a simple flip phone or a more advanced smartphone); it's just that up until now I've never been able to justify the cost of the many unlimited plans vs. the little benefit they'd be for me.I decided to look a bit further into TracFone back in mid-December after seeing an in-store display and was extremely pleased to learn that I DON'T need to spend a fortune each month with Verizon Wireless!  After reading a number of reviews on this particular Samsung model, I decided to take the plunge.  I bought a 120-minute, 90-day airtime card (which gives you triple:  360 minutes, 360 texts and 360 MB mobile data) for $30...so for $10/month I have 2 hours of phone use and more texts and mobile data than I really need (make sure you turn OFF mobile data unless you need it; I usually use wi-fi for FREE when I'm in my house).Seriously, I can check my e-mails on the phone, surf the web, play (a few) apps...the TracFone app/widget is something I'd recommend you download and put on your home screen so that you can easily see how many days/minutes/etc you have left.  Oh, and did I mention that unused minutes/texts/data ROLL OVER?  Just another great thing about going with the TracFone service as opposed to the unlimited plans offered by Net 10, for instance (TracFone also owns Net 10).I've been EXTREMELY happy with the phone thusfar.  In the past 3 weeks I've used about 2.5GB via free wi-fi use but only a miniscule 40MB of mobile data.  (For example, if I wanted to check the score of NFL games when I was out, I'd turn on the mobile data since wi-fi wasn't available, open up the CBS Sports app that I'd downloaded, check the scores quickly, and then turn mobile data off.  Same routine with e-mail:  turn on mobile data, open e-mail and read my messages, then turn mobile data off.  When data is used sparingly, you won't need to buy additional data from TracFone.  Believe me.)The only negative I've seen thusfar is that the built-in rear-facing camera's picture quality is just OK, but that's not a major concern.  If I'm going somewhere important, I'm bringing along my normal camera for picture-taking.  Phone calls on this phone (in central NJ) have been clear, and the e-mail/web/app functions have been a nice convenience.In conclusion, I very much recommend this phone to low-use cellphone users who are like me:  people who don't always &#34;need&#34; to be in touch during every waking moment with everyone they know.  For the price of a C-note (to buy the phone on Amazon) and for $10/month, I'm all set.  I also bought the gel skin offered via Amazon; it's an excellent idea because the phone is very slippery without the skin on and can easily fall out of your pocket/hand/etc.I'd rather pay $10/month than the $60, $80 or even $100 that many others pay each month for their phones' plans.  Those monthly savings add up over the course of a year.  You'd be amazed how interested some people have been when I've told them how little money it costs me each month!  This is truly a smart choice!

The phone is slow.  The GPS was rarely accurate.  The phone was running the usual Facebook, Instagram, Gmail apps, nothing out of the ordinary.  Apps were sluggish to open, sometimes an app would get stuck running in the background and drain the battery in a matter of hours.

I don't know all the technical things people post about this phone, the only thing I know is I needed a new phone and wanted an android!  I had no problem connecting to tracfone and setting up my account and with triple minutes on this phone you can't beat the price!  I use my phone at home to check my emails and facebook and use my home WI-FI so I don't even use up my time!  So far, so good.

There are no instructions that came with the phone. I can not even get onto the internet  so everything else is  a no go.  Joan T.

This is a great android phone at a great price. Tracfone does not have many android phones available, but this one is a winner! I highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants an android without the high price tag.

This phone was alright at first. But the internet sucks! Its so slow when off Wi-Fi. Even if you're on Wi-Fi it still sucks! The camera ABSOLUTLY SUCKS! Its so blurry and there's no auto focus so the picture looks like carp! I've had this phone for going on almost 5 months and my battery is going to crap! its starting to die quickly without  me barley even using it!. IM charging the phone right now as write this. ITS BEEN ON THE CHARGER FOR OVER 2 1/2 HOURS AND ITS JUST BARLY OVER HALF WAY CHARGED! I personally do not recommend this phone to anyone! Especially for the price! Its to much for a piece of crap!

So far so good. I am new to the smart phone craze, so I am not the one to go by, but if you are new to these phones, I think you will like it. I am finding it rather easy to figure out. I am liking it more and more every day.

...or phone for people NOT MAKING ENOUGH CALLS/TEXT to warrant  a monthly  plan. The triple minutes are  great (approx. 3 text per minute rate) Texting minutes are in tenths.My daughter still working on 400 x3 min for 1 YEAR plan for months, and it's for best carrier in  our area; Verizon . It does it all.. call, text, data. current OS. android 4.now a problem: is my son doesn't use all minutes, and they expire!must purchase the correct minute plan. I/he was wasting a lot of money on a monthly plan!!!3/25/14 update

I recently upgraded from a flip phone to a multi-media phone and I know I did the right thing by sticking with TracFone wireless. My service has always been great and this is a great phone. It has Wi-Fi when I am home so my data does not drain. I love that fact.There are two downfalls though. The battery life is crap. I have installed an app called Battery Saver that shuts down apps I am not using. That is helpful to know. You can also get a cleaner app that will clean up your cashe.The other downfall is on the calling. The numerical keypad black out while you are still dialing your number. I do not know what is up with that but it is annoying to say the least.I do like this phone though and it is a good value for the money.

The touch screen is too sensitive, Setting up the various aspects of the phone are very cumbersome , if it was not for the fact it is a prepaid phone system I  WOULD DUMP IT, i WISH I could find an alternative, I really do wish that Amazon would help in this aspect,If any one has an alternative on a cost basis without a monthly charge perhaps Amazon could help, I spend up to $1,000 with Amazon, but feel very let DOWN.Sorry but that is the way I see it. Are you listening and reading our input AMAZONM. Baker

The phone is all right.  It is taking a little time to figure out.  The one thing I do not like about it is the battery length.  The regular tracfones can go for days without charging the battery and this phone can't even go a day without plugging it in.

LOSING OVER $200.00 HAS MADE ME AN UNHAPPY CAMPER!Ordered samsung tracfone with &#34;triple minutes&#34; for life of phone. when I activated phone I was informed that phone did not qualify for &#34;triple minutes&#34;  Next when I received my 365 service days card and activated it  I did not receive any increase in service days and was informed by tracfone service that my phone was a &#34;net 10&#34; phone ????? so now tracfone activates my card and I lose the $94. + shipping and the $103 +shipping for the phone.  So now I have no recourse for any of my moneys refunded.  I see that KMart is offering this phone with triple minutes for $129. and none of the hassle of amazon and their seller's screw the &#34;customer&#34; return policy.So for now no more Amazon and their unresponsive seller's.My wife has been very happy with QVC for ordering.  SO..........HELLO QVC........KISS OFF AMAZON AND SELLER'S!

Phone did not work in my area .......

bought it for my wife we both love it. liked it so much I bought one also. vey nice phone

This is the second one I have purchased (this one is for my wife).  Both of them have an issue with keeping time.  For some reason, each phone stops using the correct time zone.  The phone will lose 5 hours.  It can be reset with powering the phone off then on.  Because of this problem, the phones can not be used to time anything, or as an alarm clock.  From my research, this is a pretty common problem for Android based phones.  You get what you pay for!

Gave as a gift and recipient Loves it.Three times data, text, and minutes for life can't be beat.Bonus--Easy to use and takes great photos.Now that TracFone offers android - no need  to get into a contract situation and pay for more than you need.

I was so happy when TracFone introduced their smartphone, I had been waiting a long time for it. I bought this phone the beginning of November, and try as I might...not at all happy with this phone. The phone is slow, even just trying to retrieve messages from my home phone, the keyboard turns off before I can even put in a 4 number and a # code. And with hardly even using any apps, (and making sure it is not searching when I am not in a wifi zone) the amount of data I am using ($40.00) a month, I'm thinking it would be wiser to hit Walmart  and get their unlimited data plans. Truly unhappy, I have been a long time Tracfone customer, but this is so not a smart phone.

Was waiting for one of these forever for my son. He's complaining he wanted an iphone but there was no way, despise apple products and no way I'm paying $50+ a month for him to play clash of clans. We have all android devices (2 other Galaxies) and I can share apps between phones (my HSN came with a $25 Play coupons which will make several ad free). BTW, get the Amazon app of the day app, got some nice apps that way.Tracfone needs to make an app to show minutes left and service days left, that sucks but now the website is at least able to give you that info. No hassles transferring my number and minutes (and yes, they all transferred). I set max daily data usage on the phone, so he can do everything he wants wifi but will be limited on airtime data. Only issue is we are on a family plan (best plan ever for casual users), $9.99 for first phone, $5.99 for others, with triple minutes that's 150/120 minutes each month plus 30 days service, and everything rolls over. Well even though I transferred number and service I can't set up the new phone on the family plan until 3 days before my next bill, so I just need to remember that. Otherwise everything is working like a charm. Now if I can get him to stop texting and use gmail (we have wifi everywhere) he'll never use up his minutes.

Pros: 80 bucks shipped. Its an android tracfone.  Im very happy.Cons: it can not keep the time (really). Music sometimes &#34;skips&#34; when playing.  It has hard time with weak cell signals

I purchased this as a Christmas present for my mother who is 77 years old.  She has been a Tracfone user for over 10 years.  I was a Tracfone user for many years but left several years ago when I bought my first smart phone.  I'm very pleased with the purchase.  A couple of issues my mom has with the phone is the predictive typing and accidently touching the ring volume button on the left side of the phone.  I turned off the predictive typing and have to remind her to be careful not to press the ringer volume button on the left or she may not hear her incoming calls and text messages.  I'm very happy with the purchase.  I'm thinking of switching back to Tracfone now that they carry Android phones.  P.S.  This phone does not use a SIM card so you won't have to call Tracfone to get a SIM card for your calling area.  I tried to switch my moms phone number, air time and minutes through the Tracfone web site but was unable to complete the transfer so I had to make several calls to Tracfone to get the new phone activated but that's par for Tracfone.  I still think Tracfone is the best value compared to all other cell phone plans if you don't make a lot of phone calls or send a lot of text messages.01/04/2014  One thing I forgot to mention is that the Samsung Galaxy Centura does not display your airtime and minutes on the home screen like older Tracfones.  You have to either download a Tracfone app from Playstore or log into your Tracfone account on the web to get your airtime and minutes balance.

I bought this Tracfone as a gift. I found there is no reception in this area for these phones and this phone only worked at my house on wifi. He had to make a trip to LA and the phone worked fine out there, I ended up returning it and buying a phone locally. The phones in this area require sim cards and the ones I bought did not have them. I was very disappointed.

I bought this phone for my son who wanted a smartphone but I didn't want to buy an expensive plan, and have had good experience with Tracfone.  He loves it!  It has the functionality he wanted without costing a bundle.  A very good phone for the price.  Super easy to setup via Tracfone's site.

I love it, but it is a little beyond me.  As I'm learning more about this phone I like it more and more. I went from a flip phone to this and am finding it a little difficult to do what I want to do quickly.  I'm sure this is not the phone's fault. The battery life is so much longer than my flip phone.  The display is bright and easily read even for my somewhat poor eyesight. The price was much better than similar phones. It is a little big to fit in a pocket and is a little slippery to hold sometimes. Even so, I would recommend this phone to others.

This phone is working fine, a little greedy on battery power, have to charge it every other day; it is true, I charge shallowly, up to 75% to80% of capacity from a state of about 30% of capacity, they say shallow recharges are less taxing on the useful life of the battery. I use the phone mostly for incoming calls (people calling me) and I use Google Voice app to provide me with voice mail and selective call blocking.For outgoing calls (I call people) I generally use my Google Nexus 7 tablet: it has WiFi only, so I use it at home with my wireless networkand with the Groove IP Lite app which allows me to place free of charge phone calls from my tablet (or from my phone, if so desired, I prefer the tablet because the screen is bigger, the speakerphone is louder) to any number in the US.  These calls, to numbers in the US,are truly free of charge if you use Groove IP Lite, your TracFone minutes and data do not decline. However, you have to have WiFi available. It is true, the full Groove IP app ($4.99 at Google Play Store) claims to be able to use your carrier (TracFone Wireless in my case) data network to make calls at a cost of 1.2 MB per minute, still not using your own minutes but rather your data allowance.As far as the phone installation and activation are concerned, cannot complain: I used TracFone web site to activate the phone and receive a phone number, and I used TracFone Customer Service to add this phone to my account because I could not remember theanswer to the secret question, so I could not login to my own account. The representatives were polite and helpful.After about 2 months of service I still have about 60 minutes talk left and another month of service, so I have not tried to buy more serviceand air time, will update this review if something unexpected happens.

Ordered this phone on Weds. and had it on Friday, and never had a smartphone before, upgraded from a LG840, and very glad I did because this is a great little phone, had no trouble getting my number and minutes moved over and then put in a 450 minute card that tripled to 1350 minutes-text-data, it was done in 15 minutes, also turned off the data switch and turned on wireless and it hooked up right away to my router, then went and synced up my Google Account and then went to the Play Store and downloaded Facebook, MLB at Bat, Angry Birds, Blackjack, Lets Golf 3, Pandora, Sportscenter, Netflix, The Weather Channel, and all very quickly and fast.Then went to Google Chrome and checked out some web sites, pretty fast there too.Then went to a Super Bowl party where everyone knew I didn't have a smartphone, hooked up to the owners wireless and when someone said how much snow are we suppose to get tomorrow, I went to the Weather Channel App and was the first to call out an anwser, everyone looked and said when did you get that and how much is your plan a month, I said 10.00 a month and they all laughed and I said that is true, I had 4 friends take the phone and all played with it and said when there contracts are up they will be buying one, the phone was the hit of the party and so was I.Glad to have made it the the 20th century and for 10.00 dollars a month, plus I still can surf the web and check Email when not in wireless range by using the 1350MG I have.Great little phone, love it, love Tracfone too.Any questions please leave me a message, love to pass the word and savings on.Craig

Rec'd on time. But hate the clamshell packs. the phone is awesome compared to my old flip phone. Can do so much more and a lot faster. Still learning how to operate it, but think it will do the job.

The Sam sung trac phone has to be the worst p.o.s. I have ever purchased. Bought three phones all garbage.

I purchased 3 phones from HSN as their today special in September.  All 3 of us highly recommend this purchase.  We first charged them.  Then we set up WIFI, remember to turn off DATA in the settings.  We used the phones for a week to set up email and check out all of the features of the phone.  Remember these features work without signing up for TracFone.  So if you ever upgrade your phone you can still use WIFI and the camera any time like a mini tablet. My daughter set up all 3 phones on line.  Did not talk to any representivies from TracFone.  Read all directions very carefully!!!  Maybe a couple of times.  In just a few hours all 3 were activated.  We are all TracFone customers for a long time.  She had no trouble bringing over our phone #'s, Years mine ends in 2017,  and 2 of us  had  6000 minutes each and they transfered to 6000 minutes, 6000 text, and 6000 data.  Plus the promotional minutes, text and data.  Also we all had gmail accounts and she had no trouble getting our $25 Google Play money.  I bought covers and screen protectors from Amazon!!  Remember to go to the Google Play store to get the TracFone app to keep track of you minutes, text and data.  A widget goes on your home page.Husband's phone is for emergency use for phone calls and WI FI in the house for email and games.Daughter uses hers in addition to her Virgin Mobil phone.  We live in a very rural area and even the police carry phones from different carriers for coverage.  She uses hers where the other phone won't cover and when she is out of minutes.I love mine because it is on the Verizon towers. I carry mine 24-7 in case of an emergency.  I have a very bad back!!!  I baby sit at one of my daughter's home. My old tracfone would not get coverage in the home, down the street.  I would have to travel about 1/4 mile before the phone woud work.  Very dangerous not having a way to get help.  Daughter does not have a home phone only an expensive Verizon phone.  This Samsung Galaxy Centura gets coverage everywhere the other phone did not and where it did get coverage!!!  A life saving feature.  And I love the fact it hooks right up to the WI FI in all of my families homes.  I just put in the code one time.  Also I have hot mail and when I look at my emails while resting my back in bed it updates my email on my laptop!!!  Wonderful!!!  I keep it with me in bed and charge it everynight right there so I am never with out a phone.We Love, Love, Love these phones.

difficult to setup and at times works poorly..avoid it

This is by far the best phone that I have ever got for Tracfone. It is a true Android smartphone. The phone is solid, touch screen very responsive, and performance is good, even with many apps running. GPS seems to be flawless with this phone; it shows me in my house, almost dead center of the parameter, and keeping GPS on all the time does not seem to consume any excess battery; just make sure you close any associated apps when not in use, such as Maps. The voice recognition search functions also seem to work well. The camera is ok too, although all pics that I take show a focal length of 2.79, so not sure if the phone has an autofocus or not, but pics are way better than my previous phone (LG840). The camera does have a zoom function, but I think that is standard these days.To start with, activation was a breeze. For the first time I was able to perform the activation solely via Tracfone's website. I purchased two of these phones, and the entire transfer process took about 45 minutes for each, one of which was on Christmas day. Both phone transfers were from current Tracfone phones, so I am not sure how long a port will take from a different provider. Both of my old phones also continued to work until the new phones were activated, so they have greatly improved this process. For some reason I also received 600 bonus minutes/texts/MBs on each phone; still not sure why but I'll take it. I do like the idea of having three separate balances. Although you do use an entire unit per text, you can use apps like Facebook Chat to chat all day for just a few MB of data usage. Also stay on a Wi-Fi connection whenever possible. If you manage your minutes and data usage, you can get a lot out of this phone - I am still on the family plan and pay an average of 8$/month per phone.The battery life is ok, but you will need to charge it every day - that's just android for you. You can cut down on battery usage by monitoring your apps and background data. For instance, Google Hangouts seems to be a big power hog. Also, restricting background data on certain apps helps with data usage as well.Being a true android, it does not have your standard Tracfone software, which I like, so you will have to download the Tracfone app to check your balances and stuff. The phone also does not do a lot natively, such as file manager, PDF reader, or notepad, but guess what?? - There are apps for all that. You can basically customize the phone to meet your needs. I definitely recommend linking your Google account with this phone, which you do on setup, so if you do not have one, get one. This makes installing apps and backing up settings much easier. I also recommend using the Google+ app and installing SMS Backup; this will allow all of your pics and messages to be backed up to your Google account, so if you ever have to do a factory refresh, you will get it all back. I also have to add that I have not had the problem previously reported with the time zone changing. The time is accurate every time I pick up the phone. Perhaps there was a previous update/fix for this.Bottom line - this phone is awesome. I liked my LG840 and LG800 models, but they were outdated. I have been a Tracfone user for well over 10 years, and have had many phones, but I finally feel that I am up to date with the rest of the world. Welcome to android!

This is my first smartphone so I cannot compare the Samsung Galaxy Centura to more expensive smartphones. I have been a TracFone customer for nearly 7 years and, although I yearned for a smartphone, I didn't want to spend several hundred dollars, have an expensive contract, or even pay for the least expensive plans of $40 or $45 per month. I have had the Samsung Galaxy Centura for several weeks and it suits my needs perfectly. I love that it has wi-fi so I do not need to use my data if I am near wi-fi (I have a router at home).Everything has worked perfectly so far. Apps I have downloaded from the Google Play Store work fine. Love the Android OS. On wi-fi, downloads and web page loading is reasonably fast. I haven't tried the cellular data connection so can't say about speeds there. YouTube plays well. NO FLASH videos, though, since Flash is not supported in Google Chrome anymore (an Adobe decision, from what I understand, not Google's decision). I have had no trouble with the clock as some reviewers have complained of. Though not as large as some more expensive phones, the phone and screen are a good size and the weight feels sturdy. I bought a nice (and pretty) protective cover from a kiosk in the local mall which makes it even sturdier and less slippery to handle.No trouble transferring my number and minutes from an old TracFone.The one con I have encountered so far is the cellular signal is not very strong at my home, although I checked before purchasing the phone and it said it would work in my area. At my home I consistently have one, two, and, only occasionally, three bars. When out and about, however, the signal is usually much better. I have not had a problem calling, however, even when the signal bars show low reception. But I have not made extended phone calls so I don't know whether calls may be dropped or the signal would break up if talking at length on a low signal. Also have not traveled out of town since purchasing the phone, so I'm counting on Verizon to give me good coverage when I travel I-95 to visit family and hope I won't be disappointed.I do not keep the phone on all the time, only when I leave my house, so my experience may differ from someone who uses the phone more heavily. I recommend reading the manual available for the phone. It can be downloaded from the TracFone web site or one can find it by Googling.So far, I am enjoying the phone and it is fitting my needs well. For someone who talks, texts, and browses the Internet hours each day, a TracFone would probably not be a good option since they would blow right through the minutes and data, but if you are looking for a nice smartphone for lighter use and you just want to introduce yourself to smartphones, I would recommend the Samsung Galaxy Centura Android Prepaid Phone (TracFone).

Nice for the money

This Phone works ok but the call ringer is extra extra low.For this reason  I would not buy again.I do not recommend anybody buy it.

Great android phone. Would recommend it to anyone who wants a smartphone. 2 issues though.1. Clock has a bug. No matter what setting you have clock or network on, the clock will change time for no apparent reason.Usually, I have to manually change it back, or turn network assigned time off and on a few times. This is a common bug from what I gather.2. The phone will lock up a bit. Not sure if I have conflicting apps or what. I think the processor might actually be just a bit weak.All said, I LOVE this phone. It won't disappoint!

This is an inexpensive cell phone that is easy to use and does the job for what I want.  Minutes roll over and you can text and phone and that's the most important thing to do.

Nice upgrade from my seven year old tracphone. Still learning about the various features and how to use them. For the amount of time that I use this; it's a great value.

This phone has great wifi and its easy to use it also has navigation and you can download many apps.

This phone is just so-so. The battery doesn't last long and you have to jump through hoops to find your remaining minutes (TracFone). I'm pretty disappointed in this phone.

The clock on this phone periodically jumps back 6 hours in time. If you set your  alarm, well you can guess the outcome. This is my second one to do the same thing. My wife's Galaxy works perfect. I tried adjusting setting's to let network set time / manually with same results. I called Tracfone they said it was not a problem with the network it was with the phone manufacturer. Moving on to a different brand.

The phone is great. The customer service through Tracfone is not. Stick with Straight Talk for this phone. You will have nothing but problems trying to check your balance if you purchase ANY android phone with Tracfone. All you will get from any of their customer service departments is the go around to call them and they will expedite your ticket. You will call after the deadline for the ticket (they were supposed to call me mind you), and they will expedite it again. They are nothing but liars and have horrible customer support. DON'T GO FOR ANROID THROUGH THEM! Their system has NOT worked all the kinks out!

Got this phone for my 12-year old daughter.  It's a great little smart phone, and while it might not be the latest and greatest model, it does everything she wants, and going through TracFone versus paying for a full plan on Verizon is a MUCH better deal!

Have continually had a cell phone since the system went up in Seattle in the 80's.  I like the phone, but find it very hard to use.  The info that came with the phone is very poor.  Downloaded the manual .  Set up my voice mail ok....but still don't know how to retreve any messages I might have, as an example.

Great value. As an existing Tracfone customer I was able to easily upgrade to this Android phone (Verizon network) and transfer my current minutes for voice-text-data. At the same time I also renewed my service with Tracfone and received triple minutes.

Still learning all the advanced capabilities that this quality phone has to offer - the contacts list design allows you to search for any cluster of letters = &#34;I forgot her name but she works as a nurse in XYZ Hospital&#34; - if that's how you entered it - just type in XYZ = bingo!!

Tracfones 1st real smart phone, bought 1 for my wife and she loved it so much I bought another one for me almost instantly. Lets be straight here, it is most likely not the top smart phone on the market but those also cost $500-600, for $99 and cheap tracfone service this is awesome. The voice to text is my fav super slick. No problems transferring old tracfone number and minutes just went to tracfone website and entered info in about 8 hours all was tranferred. Great

My first smart phone and it enabled me to keep my Tracfone number. Still a learner and though I might migrate to something superior one day, It's is excellent for now.

My wife and I aren't inclined to keep up with the latest and the greatest technology, so we were doing good two years ago to get LG Optimus V phones (3G) with Virgin Mobile service.  We had no problems with the phones but not being a heavy phone user, even at $35/month no contract service, I was wasting money.  (Dumb) TracFones had worked well for me before so I was glad to find a TracFone comparable to the LG.  I just got the phone yesterday and found it to be exactly the same size and there was virtually no learning curve since I was going from one Android phone to another.I have had to use TracFone customer service in the past and, like others, have found that to be a real pain in the...So I was hoping I could activate this Samsung without having to contact customer service.  Though we had LG smartphones, I still had a "backup" dumb TracFone with minutes and service on it.  I was quite happy to be able to transfer the minutes and service days to my new phone just using the TracFone website with no human assistance.  It took me about 30 minutes to do my part and it might have been an hour or so before the transfer of my old phone number was complete. Before the phone activation process was completed, I was using the WiFi capability to set up my google account.  My contacts transferred automatically to my new phone.The bottom line: it wasn't a nightmare getting the phone setup.  I have figured that in about 6 months, the cost of the new phones will have been recovered from the money I saved by not paying $35/month times two for both my wife and myself on Virgin Mobile.I have no complaints with their service, but money saved is money saved (I just ordered a Samsung for my wife too).The only issue I have noted so far is that the voice input for texting requires an extra step to utilize.  It was simpler with the LG phone.  Otherwise, I'm good to go and glad I made the switch.February 3, 2014:  I just set up the same phone for my wife but things didn't go as smoothly this time, mainly because I was transferring a phone number from another service provider (Virgin Mobile) and not from another TracFone.  I began as I had before by going to the Tracfone website but ran into a problem when I learned that I had to purchase a new airtime card to activate this Android phone.  To keep a long story short, I ended up calling Tracfone customer service, which as noted above I hate to do, three times(!), and also one call to Virgin Mobile customer service.  The first call to Tracfone was the best because the female helping me actually spoke fairly clear English--no so much with the other two customer reps. It took about 4-5 hours after I started but the phone was finally working.

The upside:1. It's an Android phone2. It's Tracfone - no contract and inexpensive monthly if you use your WiFi at home and don't use it every 5 minutes when you are out3. The phone is relatively inexpensive given its capability4. Tons of apps - Playstore and of course Amazon Appstore are fully loaded for your handheld application needs.5. Samsung makes a good product with good functionality6. There is an app on Playstore that also has a Widget to show you your remaining talk, text, and data.  Don't freak out when you can't find the &#34;Prepaid&#34; function, it's not on the phone.  You have to activate your phone first, then get the free &#34;Tracefone my account&#34; app on Google's Play Store.  This app does what the old prepaid button or menu selection did.7. Triple minutes, texts, and data separately.  So you buy a 200 minute card and get 600 units for talking, 600 units for texting, and 600 MB of data.  You can also buy data separately on a data card.8. It's WiFi so you don't have to use any units for text or any data if you use an internet text app and of course use your or someone else's WiFi.9, It supports a 32 GB micro SD card so you can load a ton of photos and music without overloading the phone's memory.The downside:1. It's Tracfone - customer service is usually jammed especially at Xmas.2. The instructions tell you that you can go to the website to activate the phone but you CANNOT.  I hate it when instructions are wrong and I spent a whole lot of time trying to figure out how to activate my phone online only to realize you CANNOT.  You have to call the customer service and deal with folks whose English may not be so good and don't know how to do everything that is necessary.  It took two people and one hour (no exaggeration 1 hour)  to get my daughters minutes transferred.  In fairness to Tracfone on Xmas day the initial phone setup part was relatively fast but the minutes transfer on my daughter's phone two days later was literally one hour of me waiting while this poor guy tried to help me but he just didn't know what to do and then finally me getting his supervisor who fixed it in about 5-10 minutes.3. It took literally 2 days for my wife's phone to transfer over.  Everything was right but it took literally 2 days.  Again I think this was due to the high volume at the holidays.  But two days.  Come on.4. I don't know if it is the version of Android or just some bad apps but I've gotten Google's music player to crash the operating system multiple times and two purchased apps to crash it as well.  The phone comes with the &#34;Ice Cream Sandwich&#34; version of Android (4.0.4) which is two versions ago relative to the newest &#34;Kit Kat&#34;.  The thing is I have a Samsung Galaxy Player which uses the 4 version old &#34;Gingerbread&#34; Android operating system and I never got it to crash.  Don't fret though.  Most of this happened when I was deleting files from the micro SD card or modifying MP3's so the album art would show up.  Since I finished all that, no crashes.5. It doesn't recognize most of my album art.  All my MP3 downloads show album art but almost everything I ripped from CD's does not show up.  I got a free app called &#34;iTag&#34; on Play Store which was tedious to use (I have hundreds of albums and had to change each one) but worked as advertised to fix my album art.  Note that you need to just fix the first song on an album and check the box entitled &#34;Set this cover art as album's default cover art&#34; and all of the songs from that album will show the album art.Overall, I like the phone a lot.  It's by far the best Tracfone I've owned.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 mostly because the instructions were wrong and the customer service, though trying hard and having good intentions, was inadequate.  And I consider a company's customer service and instructional material as part of the whole package for those of you would be ratings purists.

I bought my wife the ZTE for Xmas based on reviews here at Amazon even though I had a feeling the Samsung would be the superior phone -- and my gut instinct was correct after I purchased this phone. I shopped around because I was watching the price on the ZTE plummet, but this phone stayed at $99 until a recent drop to $89. I hit a different retailer who was selling the unit for $79 and figured I would pull the proverbial trigger. I upgraded from a really nice and functional Samsung 425G and really do miss my slide out keyboard, but all things considered, THIS is a superior phone to my previous Samsung and a definite superior product to the ZTE offering - don't get me wrong, my wife likes that phone, but isn't one to explore the phone and find out what it can do.Best advice I can offer potential buyers of ANY Tracfone you're considering to purchase is to go to the manufacturer's website and download the full manufacturer's owner's manual. You can also get them at Tracfone's site...but load and read the manual BEFORE you buy the phone. These android phones offer more bells and whistles than anyone can (or will) utilize. Now, if you're familiar with Android, and I am ... you've got a step up.Next, if you plan on utilizing the MP3 player for music ... buy a memory card. One does not come with the unit as it does with the ZTE - a small one, but it is included. The music player on this phone is very restrictive. The CD's that I own and had copied to my old Samsung would not play on this phone, even after I converted that content to an MP3 format. I don't illegally download music so, it's just some copyright garbage at play here, so I went to Google Play and purchased the PowerAmp player for $4.Phone reception is really good. At times, the unit will only show 3 bars - mainly in my home - but I haven't had dropped calls or anything. On one occasion, I was in a 'dead spot', turned the &#34;data&#34; on and the 3G kicked in...and the call went through. As I rule of thumb, I keep &#34;data&#34; turned off and live off WiFi sites...not even 'hotspots'...businesses that I'm in...restaurants, banks, what have you will usually give you access.Do get a phone case. The phone looks like a more expensive model...but...it has rounded, smooth edges and honestly is a little slippery.Now granted most of what I've covered is what I call fluffy stuff. The phone itself is a superior bargain. I can not stress enough the importance of getting the manufacturer's owner's manual. I also can not stress enough reminding potential buyers that you're not getting a $400 phone that you think should wash and wax your car.Major difference with these Android phones is the pricing structure. The cost of sending a standard text TRIPLES - that's right -- TRIPLES. My not-so-smart Samsung 425G (also a triple minutes phone) cost me approximately one-third of a minute (or unit) per text. Every text now costs a full minute (or unit) per. Plus, if you're looking to text a large file (photo, video, et al), you're probably going to do well to turn your &#34;data&#34; on prior to sending that text and shutting it back off afterward. Use the WiFi as much as you can because I know full-well that the new pricing structure was set up to get users to pay for 'data' cards. Which is fine. It's a good business plan for the Board...but...you could end up using up your text allotment, or your data allotment and still have a ton of &#34;call&#34; minutes left over - meaning you'll have to buy more time that will once again split 3 ways.Excellent phone at this price point using the Tracfone system (and you're getting the Verizon network in the process). Get the full owner's manual, play with the phone...these things are essentially toys -- put a good free antivirus on it right away ... and have some fun. No need to be intimidated by these things.

I HATE smartphones in general.  I'm very much a use-my-cellphone-to-make-voice-calls-only-when-I-need-to type of guy.  I don't text.  I don't surf or watch movies on a phone.However, I'm now a convert.  This little thing ROCKS!!!  I learned what I've been missing.  The touch screen is fast and responsive.  It has a gyro that orients the picture when you tilt the phone.  The camera is surprisingly good for both stills and video (and good sound, to boot!).  Granted, it will never replace my nice &#34;prosumer&#34; Canon equipment, but that's not the point.  If you want to capture extemporaneous events, you've got something that's not horrible.  File transfer of said images is a snap.Back to the screen (I'm sorry, I'm wandering, I know.): it is clear, sharp and surprisingly easy on the eyes--even for watching YouTube videos.  However, at my age, I doubt I'd ever watch movies on it.  The colors and detail are fine, but when I watch a movie, I want to use my big, glorious HD TV.  Anyway, the screen is fine for the purpose of reading books, recipes and--if you must--texts.  With headphones, the sound is surprisingly robust and you can use Bluetooth if you don't like headphone wires.Even without the headset, BTW, the phone itself is very clear--no dropped calls.  Yeah, imagine that--I use it for calls.  Speakerphone is very good and the virtual number pad is responsive.  I'll admit it took awhile for me and my less-than-dainty fingers to grow accustomed to it, but now I'm a pro.Obviously, this is a prepaid phone, but it's a really good value.  You get a HUGE number of minutes and texts to begin with, plus a considerable amount of data.  I got 1200 minutes/texts/MB of data when I initially purchased the phone in November and I have yet to use more than 300 minutes and almost none of the data.  How is this possible?  Well, that would be because although you get 3G data service with this phone, you also get wi-fi, which means you can get your data for free any time you have access to a wi-fi signal--which I have in my home, at work, at Panera's, McDonald's, etc., so I haven't really had to use my 3G.  On the very rare occasions when I've used it, it's pretty quick.  Granted, I haven't been playing video games online, but why would I?There is one thing I HATE about this phone which, ironically, will be something that most people love.  Since it's an Android phone, it automatically synched my phone to my G-mail account.  I despise when devices do this automatically, because it basically creates an open door to that account so that if someone uses or steals my phone, they automatically have access to it.  Furthermore, it's not easy to disable this link.  I don't want everything hooked up to everything else.  I don't like all my eggs in one basket.  If I wanted that, I'd buy one of those Windows phones (ha, ha--yeah, I know.  Funny).Other than that, this has been a GREAT purchase.  Oh, and the battery life is good, too.  I can keep it on for more than a week.

This is our first smart phone and we are favorably impressed.  The Android 4.0 operating system is easy to use and synchronizes with our Chrome and Google accounts simply.  Using our home wireless network cost nothing for surfing the web.  Same for free wireless connections, while on travel.  I purchased a jacket for the phone on line for less than $4.  Using Skype for calls when you have wireless access requires no minutes.  Order Tracfone minutes on line for best price.  With triple minutes and at our usage rate,  we pay less than $10 a month for a smart phone with no contract.  Well worth it all around.

I bought this at eBay and from the same seller. The seller is excellent in responding questions. So I highly recommend this seller. However, I will rate this phone as acceptable. Although I know it is an entry level smartphone, there are some problems with the software. The phone can become frozen, and cannot respond to the touch screen operation from time to time. The screen is a bit small, and some apps cannot be displayed fully or even can be downloaded. I recently have a battery drain problem, when using it as a phone only (no wifi, no bluetooth, no listening to music, and low background lighting...). Other than that, the support is from overseas so it is really hard to hear the customer rep's voice even though I have no hearing problems. If you can live with all these problems, this phone is a good buy as a poor-person's smartphone. I do not use social media much, and usually are using other devices to get online. So, the shortcomings are bearable since I use it only when I am travelling without wifi for some quick lookup of map address (not using it to navigate), or nearby attractions/directions/stores.

I don't believe I would buy another one but what do you want for 9.99 a month? You get what you pay for.

I upgraded from a simple Tracfone to get a &#34;smart phone&#34;. Wow what a nightmare that became. I cannot see the phone in bright light.I don't like the way the touch screen operates. It changes sound settings on its own. I checked it one night to assure it was on vibrate. Next morning at Mass on Sunday it went off. I looked around and to my astonishment the noise was from my phone. That was the last straw. I bought a Samsung T301G to replace it. When I went through the process of transferring the phone # to the new phone, I was told at the last minute that I would lose all of my minutes. There are many other reasons I didn't like this phone. I will now see if I can get anything back for it.

Not enough texts.had to purchase tons of minutes to get enough texts to last month...you r supposed to be low price....cost me 80 $ cuz of texts

Virtual keyboard is virtually impossible to type the correct key, instead of the one next to it. When I enter a new password, the character I entered only displays for a few seconds, so it is difficult to know what I actually entered. The result is a bricked phone. When I call support, I get to talk to someone in India or who knows where, who I can't understand, and who can't understand me. Perhaps a larger, more expensive smart phone with a larger screen might help. After all, this one is at the bottom of price range. But I don't see the need for password characters to disappear so quickly when nobody is looking over my shoulder in the privacy of my home. Why would anyone do their initial setup in a public place?Perhaps the NSA could tell me what password I entered, but I doubt that They would care to be helpful.

i love this phone compared to my old tracfone ! works wonderful! Would reccomend this one for sure a bit heavy tho!

I loved it for the first day.  Fortunately I hadn't transfer my phone number yet from my old one, I was just seeing what it could do using my home wifi.  I watched a show on Netflix and was happy to finally have a smartphone. But the screen froze on the call screen and nothing I could do would reset it.  I returned it.  I'll probably order another one and hope this was a fluke.***UPDATE*** I bought a second one and the external speaker stopped working in less than a month.  I did an internet search of the problem and it seems to be a problem on Samsung phones.  It's not worth the hassle.  I'll either buy a more expensive smart phone or go back to my old dumb phone.  This one has been nothing but problems.

I'm pleased with the phone for my uses: used mostly as a phone and GPS device with light internet use.  I'd give it more than three stars because it's one of if not the best choice for the money of the current Tracfone smart phones.  Yet since there are phones with better specs than this for a similar or not much higher price the 4 stars is a stretch.

When I first set this phone up, I kept getting a warning telling me downloading OS could cause damage to the phone.  Plus the time was off most of the time.  I called Tracfone and had to reset the phone to get it operating properly. I have no issues anymore, (crossing my fingers).  If it weren't for the glitch at the beginning, the phone is a very nice intro to a Smartphone. If anyone gets one and has this problem, just reset the phone, plus if I didn't have this issue, I'd give it 5 stars.

This is my first smartphone and I would recommended this a a great all around buy. Very easy to set up, snyc all of my e-mail accounts. Not to mentioned all the great apps you can add. Good design and very easy to use.

tried out the LG840g and I found it not as user friendly as this phone.  It is fairly easy for this me to use though I did post a few questions and got very helpful answers. The time does seam to do its own thing but not a real problem for me. Right now it reads correctly.

Bought cell phone and was having intermittent problems since I bought phone. I thought at first it was just learning to use phone but the problems with keys not working. Battery going dead quickly and screen just changing or going black has just gotten worse and worse, do not know how to fix and have about 3000 minutes of airtime

I love my Samsung Galaxy Centura Android Prepaid Phone...It has a good camera and it's all easy to use and does alot.

This is simply the worst technological purchase of my life.My second regret about this phone is not posting this review months ago; I purchased mine December 2013 through TracFone.I'm not going to waste time on specs and worthless facts one can find on any page with tech specs. I am also aware there are worse devices out there but this thing causes me more pain, stress, and inconvenience than any assistance it could have ever offered. The only app that has not caused the phone to lock up and freeze has been email.That's right, dear reader, every app, including simply talking on it, causes the device to freeze to the point where one must take the darn thing apart and remove the battery in order to get it to restart properly. This happens at least twice a day. It randomly decides to change the timezone, which I admit could just as well be a network issue, and ends up screwing up any alarms, calendar, and appointment settings. Moving across Wi-Fi hotspots or turning that functionality off or on also makes this thing lock-up between ranging signal strengths.  While my computer programming education is more traditional I know exactly what is going on inside it -- that this thing is poorly made, programmed, and is an excellent example of today's throw-away culture.Again, sorry for not posting this sooner and I hope everyone thinking about buying this thing won't touch it even with a ten-foot clown pole. As a result of these experiences, and the recommendation to buy a Samsung product, I personally will never consider another item from them (Samsung); they should have stuck to TV's.

I like my new phone but I am finding a few things I don't seem to understand. I keep losing my home WiFi and I will have to re enter my password so the phone will have the WiFi on it, I don't know if its my WiFi or my new phone.And the phone seems a little slow, I really don't understand this so for now I am giving it 4stars. Can anyone help me with these problems, I have seen in other reviews that one can get helpful information.

I made the switch from my old Motorola flip tracfone to this Samsung when tracfone *finally* made a true smartphone available. So far, so good.I am far from a tech newbie - I've had and currently have countless mobile devices (tablets, mini's, ipod touches, etc). But I am one of those people who really does not feel that I *need* a phone or *need* to be text-enabled. However, having an "all in one" device can be useful, so I decided to take the plunge when HSN had its incredible Fall offer (phone, $25 play, 200 minutes that triple, 90 day service, car charger, case).I read countless horror stories from others about problems encountered transferring a number and service to this particular phone. After reading and reflecting on this for a while, I made the simple decision to get a new number with this phone and leave my existing phone in-place until I was confident that everything was OK.As others have mentioned, there are a few steps you really must do before activating this phone.(1) Fully charge it. Mine took a couple hours, but I read materials that it could take upwards of 5 hours. Leave it plugged  in overnight.(2) Turn off data, enable wifi, hook up your Google account, and begin your system & Google updates. It takes a while.(3) Add antivirus protection. I chose Kaspersky for Android, and a 30-day free trial is available online.(4) Change system settings to prevent non-market apps to be downloaded. Added protection. BTW, Kaspersky AV is a non-market app.(5) Get a service card with minutes. The 200 minutes, 90 day card is a good choice & came with the HSN offer.(6) Log onto tracfone and activate the phone - a number will be assigned (unlike before when you could choose from available numbers).(7) Get comfortable with the phone & make certain that it is fully functioning BEFORE moving over your existing minutes & service.For me, my existing phone had 2 weeks of remaining service but 1600 minutes. A call was required to move over those minutes and days (thereby disabling the phone). I had the 2 phones for 10 days before I felt comfortable in making the switch.BTW - Google the 1-800 number in Miami to bypass the off-shore csr script-readers. Don't bother with the 1-800 number you're given at the tracfone website - really, don't do it. Use the customer service reps at the corporate center. They're good, they will understand you, they will get the job done in one call.Tracfone self-serve or CSR time spent: Less than 1 hour.Tracfone activation/transfer problems: Zero.Tracfone customer: Happy.

I got this prone for my boy and in about a day it had used 140 txt when I looked he only sent about 10

I like the phone but as of right now I'm going through a ridiculous amount of minutes. I have the background data turned off so apps won't use the mobile network to update. I burned through 40 minutes just texting my daughter a few times...

MY FIRST &#34;smart&#34; phone have had tracfones  for over 15 years and enormously cheaper. had no luck with the website activation and it took two hours & four &#34;associates&#34; to get it activated,but this is normal for tracfone until they get some english speaking people who don't mumble & talk 90 miles per minute still learning what it can do.see how it goes

If you have 9600 minutes at your Annual Fee Date,and you purchase 1200 munutes (400 X 3 = 1200)you will only be posted with 10,000 instead of the10,800 you're entitled to, because Company Policylimits no more than 10,000 per customer. You lose.

I have been a long-time user of Tracfone and have always been pleased with the service.  I am not a heavy phone user.  The Centura is the first smart phone that I have owned.  There is a big learning curve from the prior &#34;flip phone&#34; that it replaced.  If all you ever need/use a phone for is to make calls -- the old &#34;flip phone&#34; is actually easier to use and smaller.  However, if you like to be able to hook into your wireless network and check e-mails or get the weather or news -- can't beat having a smart phone.  I have been using it now for about 4 months and am very happy with it.

Sounding old  (as I am), I long for the days of user manuals!!!  I have to use my computer to 'learn' about 'how to' turn on the mike, take a picture (an app), get the weather, etc.  A bit cumbersome, but guess it will EVNTUALLY be a 'traveling' companion, which the computer can't ...no phone on it.  Wish I could increase the font size ... way too small for old eyes.  Yes, it's true...you can't teach an old dog..and you know the rest!.Still, a marvelous a techno invention...and right in step with PROGRESS!!

The phone itself is outstanding for the price.  My caution relates to doing business with Tracfone.When you go to transfer your airtime balance to a new phone, have the Tracfone agent confirm the balance before deactivating your old phone.  &#34;Airtime info&#34; under the Prepaid menu on my old phone showed 5613 minutes, but the balances I got on the new phone were only 4130.  The agent assisting me said I should wait until the transfer was complete and then call back to straighten out the balance. When I called back, the answer regarding the missing 1484 minutes was &#34;I'm sorry, but it will not be possible to recover those minutes.&#34;Now, obviously I should use my phone more and not have such a large balance, but I still feel like I was ripped off.

My son wanted this phone (he really doesn't care about overly complicated and pricy smartphones). This is what he picked-out. So far, he's quite pleased with it.

I also purchased this through the HSN "Special" about a month a go.  So far the phone's worked for a to of 7 - 10 days or so.  Made 3 phone calls to Tracfone to get phone activated, to get phone calls to go through, then to get the phone activated again.  They are sending me a new phone.  Actually, they are sending me the paperwork to return the phone, then they'll send me a new phone.  Hope the next one works better and longer.  Data minutes go FAST.  I would recommend that you keep the WiFi turned off, unless you need it. I was finally able to get the minutes transferred off my old LG phone. It would be helpful if Tracfone had an App to install so we would know the minutes we had left.

MMMMM phone!

Had a long wait to switch to this phone from my old phone.  It worked for about 3 weeks then I had to return it.  Still waiting for my new phone from Tracfone.

This is my first android phone.  I like it, it works well, a good solid phone.  The problem is, there isn't an airtime balance ticker like every other tracfone. There isn't any way to check your airtime on the phone itself.  That being said, it's not that hard to go to tracfone.com, type in your phone number, and get a free text seconds later with your balance.  I just did it on the phones browser, took about 30 seconds total. Kind of a pain but I'll take it to have a smart phone with no service contract.  I would recommend this phone, would be 5 stars if not for the airtime business.Update: there is an app that displays your balances so I upped my rating to 5 star

Very happy with this Samsung galaxy phone. Have always owned tracfones for the quality and customer service. This one was a Christmas present for my wife and she was just thrilled when she open it. Set up was a breeze and transferring the old tracfone number to the new phone was also a piece of cake! Thanks amazon for another terrific item!

This is my first Smartphone.  I could not be happier!  This is my fourth Tracfone.  I do not live on my cellphone so Tracfone, for me, has been the best deal.  This one comes with triple minutes + triple text + triple data!  I transferred all my apps from my tablet to this phone via my Google account.  Now I can simple take one device to church, etc. instead of my LG 840 plus my Samsung 5.0 tablet. If you want an inexpensive cellphone with low per month rates this is a great option!

Tracfone only provides internet access in the local area where you have registered your phone!! Outside that area (I haven't explored how big that is) the only internet access you'll get is with Wi-Fi.I bought a new phone that didn't work from the day I got it but all I got as a trade-in from Tracphone was a refurbished phone with someone else's problems!

For the price I love it! I get a lot better reception than my old flip-phone and I like the free apps that I can download onto it.

This is my first android phone.Upgraded from lg800g. Transferred my remaining minutes to this phone from the LG seamlessly in minutes.Still amazed at all I can do with this phone, I am only an occasional user of the phone function itself so I was paying $100 a year to tracfone and not getting a heck of a lot. Now with this phone I still pay $100 a year and can do almost everything I do on my desktop pc!Besides my triple minutes (1200) I also get 1200mb data and 1200 message units. All rollover each year.I'm extremely pleased and would recommend to everyone..

I like the quality and features of the phone, but the battery life is very short.  I would be very cautious if you use the phone very often due to battery life.

After a few days, and setting it up for my personal preferences, it gave up on me. It heated up while recharging the battery which suddenly only lasted about five hrs. Of course all my data lost. I sent it back and ordered me the same thing again hoping that not all of them are bad. I'll soon find out

This phone replaced an old Motorola flip phone (also Tracfone) that I'd had for about 8 years. I LOVE this little phone. It's no iPhone -- the camera is not exceptional, there's no flash, and the phone is slow to load certain apps sometimes -- but it is just what I needed. I wanted a phone that would let me check my email and send and receive texts and Facebook messages, as well as conduct quick web searches, and this phone is great for that. I've downloaded several apps and it works well. I use the phone to track my hours that I work, to listen to music, sometimes to watch Youtube videos, to learn French with a language-learning app, and to let my kids play educational games to pass the time in waiting rooms. Like I said, it's not a top of the line phone, but you just can't beat this much functionality at such a low price. I plan to buy my husband the same phone soon!

I hardly use this phone and I have to charge it twice a day if I don't turn it off when I'm not using it.  Sometimes the phone freezes and you have to shut it off completely to reboot.  Sometimes the date and time change for no reason.  One afternoon the phone read 2 a.m.  I had to shut it down completely and restart it for the time to be corrected.  The screen resolution is ok.  I can go on facebook with it, but if I go to a website outside of facebook it will shut down.  That could be the app since it happens with my Ipod sometimes to.  The phone is really slick and hard to hold on to, but I got a good phone case and that solved the problem.I'm looking to buy a new phone, but I can't decide what to buy.  I don't know if I want to take a chance on another Samsung.  If I'm going to spend $400 to $500 I may just get an Iphone.

This phone definitely meets my expectations for a TracFone. I'm not a person who is constantly on the phone. This phone is perfect! Calling, texting and the internet is right at your finger tips!

Just what I was looking for, very happy with this purchase. Set up quickly for phone, wireless, and Bluetooth, absolutely no problems and no contracts.

The time does reset to gmt at random times and most people posting online suspect the phone's firmware or hardware. I hope samsung / tracfone release a software fix for the time bug soon since its unreasonable they don't even address it on their websites as a bug. They should state if the time issue can be fixed via software in a future release or if its a permanent hardware bug you must live with (but that would hurt their business). It might just be a money maker for tracfone if the customers are willing to run time-fix apps that deduct minutes to correct the time (an evil concept)! I also noticed the sdcard occasionally fails to mount because some software is leaving locked files open / corrupted on the sdcard, and when that happens, I must remove the sdcard and use a PC to delete the corrupt file or reformat the sdcard (first saving my music files though). Another problem I found is the battery charger circuit inside the phone may have intermittent operation or the cable contact, so you need to carefully inspect the charge status after you plug it in to see if says charging, otherwise you wake up the next day with a dead phone. Also, the music glitches when playing music on the Google Play App but I suspect the phone is causing it. If these four major issues are fixed, my wife would be happy with this phone.UPDATE 6/24/2014: I can't get help from Tracfone or elsewhere to fix the time reset issue, they only recommend resetting the phone so I wipe out all the apps, so I'm setting it aside and having my wife use the Tracfone LG Optimus II, which seems to not have these major problems. I'm glad I didn't buy more than one of these Samsung Galaxy Centura phones since they won't refund.

I wanted an entry level Smart Phone which would link to the Sync system in my car.  I never used a cell phone while driving since I feel it's too distracting.  When I purchased a new car with Sync, I wanted to buy a cell phone I could answer while driving which was distraction free.  I am very pleased with the Samsung Galaxy Centura.  It serves my purpose, as well as having several other features which I can employ while not in my car.  I highly recommend it.

Easy to operate. Many apps which make this a genuine smartphone. Clear reception. Would like flash and better camera. Excellent minutes, text and data offerings through Tracfone. Overall a very good phone.

Dec 2013. I bought this for my daughter (13yo) to replace a &#34;slider&#34; phone. Yes she's spoiled, but not as much as the kids with the latest iPhone...  She already has an android tablet running 4.0.3 and the interface is consistent, so there has been very little learning curve. She mostly uses it for texting but has also installed a few apps from the GooglePlay store and they all seem to work fine.We use Tracfone exclusively for our cell phone service (4 phones total). It has good and bad points, but with our limited usage the cost savings are substantial so we've stuck with it for several years now. The integration of the Centura into the Tracfone network is seemless. In fact, it seems like it works better for simple voice than the phone I currently carry: my phone has a dead zone in much of our house, but the new Centura seems to work fine. To tell the truth I haven't noticed that the Centura is a Tracfone except the silly logo at the top and the app to check the minutes usage (it comes with free &#34;triple minutes&#34;).As for minutes usage, there really hasn't been much. Like most smartphones, the Centura uses wifi instead of a cellular connection when its available, so things like texting are &#34;free&#34;. Since my daughter texts a lot while sitting around the house where we have wifi, I may actually save some money (yeah right).It's a great phone, but it doesn't have all the Gucci features of the best android phones so far (super high res camera, rear facing camera, LED flash and large screen). It works great, runs android 4.0 and cost less than a Franklin so I gave it 5 stars.On a related note: I bought a ZTE Valet for my wife recently (another Tracfone android offering), and while its an impressive phone, so far I don't &#34;like it&#34; as much. It does have an LED flash for the camera, but it doesn't support WMA music format (which our entire library is in) and there are some other things that just don't seem to work as snappy. So if I were to buy another one, I would go with the Centura vs the Valet.

Phone service activated but I spent 5 1/2 hours trying to activate web browser without success. Tracfone suggested I return phone. I am in the process of exchanging for another of the same, hopefully, one that works. We shall see.

For a phone it is OK,  but don't count on texting...it will take you forever!!!!If you are thinking about purchasing this phone  STOP  and look at the keyboard. TRACFONE SERVICE IS THE HORRIBLE!!!!HAVE HAD THE PHONE FOR ONE MONTH AND STILL HAVE NOT SETTLED THE ISSUES.  WOULD HELP IF I COULD UNDERSTAND THEM. I REQUESTED TO BE TRANSFERRED TO AN ENGLISH SPEAKING PERSON BUT THEY DIDN'T UNDERSTAND ME!  WHEN I had to go OUT OF THE COUNTRY I  BOUGHT A $15 DOLLAR PHONE, WHEN I GOT THERE AND CALLED THE USA ON THE FIRST TRY. VOICE QUALITY WAS GOOD AND THE BEST PART WAS THE 10 CENTS PER MINUTE. I AM SO DISAPPOINTED WITH TRACFONE SERVICE!!!!!

I purchased this phone because it was the first in Tracfone's android series.  I have a real difficult problem calling people and they cannot hear me on the other end.  I have called tracfone's customer service and they say my phone is fine and that it's the wireless towers in the area.  I need a phone that will work.  My daughter just bought tracfone's zte and she has good reception.  Very disappointing.  I don't know what to do with this phone.

You would think for a hundred dollars you could buy a phone that functions for more than 6 months. . . I know its cheap for a smart phone but its the principal of the matter. I emailed Samsung and they said&#34;After reviewing your email, we understand that the Galaxy Centura phone freezes and sometimes it won't work.We apologize for the inconvenience this may have caused. We do understand how inconvenient this must be.It&#8217;s an immense pleasure to appreciate your continuous patronage towards our company as a customer. We want to thank you for your association and cooperation. Thank you for being a loyal Samsung customer.We are sorry to inform you that, the support for Carrier related phone models is not available with Samsung as the service and support for those models is provided by the Carrier. The support for Carriers like Tracfone, StraightTalk and Net10 is provided by the concerned Carrier and Samsung support do not have the information to trouble shoot the issue due to limitations we have in E-mail support channel. &#34;In a nut shell, they told me to call straighttalk and that they don't care.Nice customer service.

For the price, the phone is unbelievable. I bought a $40 card a week ago, which I got 1300 talk min., 600 txt and 1300 data.After a week now, I have 1280, 600 and 1284. I have been using is constantly. I shut off data and turn on wifi when I am not travelling and this seems to do wonders on the usage. Battery does good, not great (it is a smart phone).I feel, if I use it constantly for a month, I will never go over the $40. My friends all have an I-phone and their bills average $150 (which is lowest I know) to $300 a month. Tracfone is a great savings without paying an arm and leg for something that does the same thing. Only little draw back is, screen is a little smaller, but again what do you expect for $89. This is an exceptional buy.

Worst cell phone I have ever owned, worked periodically for a while but can't send or receive any data. Should have returned it but it's too late.

I saw a lot of people complaining transferring the current phone number and service through customer service. I did it by myself through website and followed steps exactly. No problem at all. After two hours it's done. I got my 1010 minutes, 1010 min text, and 1010 megabyte. It's very nice to have text and data megabyte. When I logged in using my existing GMAIL account, since I have another android phone used same GMAIL account, amazingly it will install and download all the settings and applications matching my old smart phone. I didn't do anything, but I saw my contacts, my games(candy crush, soduku,...etc)and my applications(whatsapp, skype, wechat,...etc.) are already on the new phone. Of course some is missing, I need to reinstall again. I saw one people from HSN site complaining all his data megabytes are gone, it may be caused by this auto updates, so make sure you use WIFI when you set up the phone. For me, I had the data usage disabled and wifi enabled all the time.For this new phone, if you send out a short text message, it will deduct one minute. Not like LG840, it only deduct 1/3 minute. If you make a phone call, the timer is started when it rings. If you hang up early, you will see your time in your call log already and feel like it has used your minutes, but it may not. I called one friend which has longer waiting ring and hung up early, it didn't charge me. But if I call the friend with 3 waiting ring, and I hung up after 2 rings, I got charged. you can check your balance from the phone. Click on the web browser, the first item in the list is for balance. It will use your 3G data if you connect to 3G. Every time you check your balance from your phone, you will receive a text message showing the left balance, this is nice.My son played the game on my phone, and he said the phone is nice, he likes it too.One thing I don't like is the signal strength. I got the phone, no signal bar and "x" on signal bar which means no service around. I have to go upstairs (showing one bar)to make a phone call to have it activated. After activated, I saw the "x" has gone but still no signal bar when I am in downstairs. I was very upset. But somehow my phone still rings, I can call and answer the phone. I went outside driving around, the signal bar is always weaker than LG840. I was told the phone uses verizon network, it suppose should be better.I just found out if you use your left hand to hold the cell phone, it will weaken your signal reception. It can drop 1-2 bars comparing if you use your right hand. And when I connected my phone to PC to copy music to it, in the middle of transferring, I got a text message which caused rest transferring error. I have to set the phone to airplane mode to complete my copy.I bought a ZTE valet tracfone and used it for one week now. Comparing the two, my recommendation is buy Samsung Galaxy Centura.1. Samsung Galaxy Centura's screen color is better.2. Samsung Galaxy Centura screen responding is better.3. Samsung Galaxy Centura's signal strength is better(both wifi and mobile network). I stay outside of my house, samsung is still connected to my wifi, but ZTE is not. Make sure using your right hand to hold the phone.Found out another interesting thing. This is about MMS message. If you want to send and receive MMS message, you have to enable mobile data plan. If you only have WIFI enabled, you can't send/receive MMS message. Your received MMS message will tell you "can't download".

I got this phone for my mom so that she could have a smartphone but not pay for a monthly plan. It runs Android version 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) which is a couple versions behind, but for the price and the cheap service you can't beat it. The phone runs slow at times, but for someone who just wants a basic smartphone this is great.

So happy Tracfone has a smart phone now.

This is my 3rd Samsung Galaxy Centura Android phone.  There was a malfunction with the voice piece on the first purchase.  Outgoing calls could not hear me speak.  Amazon Customer Service was amazing-I returned it and received a replacement within 24 hours.  The replacement worked well for a while then it would power off independently, open apps randomly and continually lock.  I coped with removing the battery & re-inserting every once in a while, but it became too frequent & unreliable.  Thankfully, Amazon hires some amazing individuals in their service department & the third phone was delivered within a day.  My most recent device has been working well thus far.  If similar issues arise, I will look to upgrade to a different android or smart phone.

Smart phone - check.Cool apps - check.Locks up daily - check.Won't play all of my music, necessitating some internet research - check.Google Maps app stops functioning regularly mid course - check.Does NOT have as good reception as the TracFone dumb phones - check.Would have been a better deal at half the price.  Not horrible for a starter smart phone but I think a smart phone newbie would not enjoy the experience.

Tracefone doesn't have a lot of smart phones to choose from. At the time I purchased Tracfone only offered the Samsung Galaxy Centura or ZTE Valet for my zip code that also ran Android 4.0 or greater. Not a lot to choose from.Call Quality - I am very pleased with the call quality as the Galaxy Centura uses Verizon's networks. It is far superior to the Samsung T404G (I believe AT&T; network) being replaced. This is really dependent on your local area and which cell phone has the best coverage.Overall performance - 800 MHz processor single core- sometimes it is a little slow compared to my iTouch when running apps. Changing screens and such, you can see some hesitation. Definitely acceptable, especially considering the price.WiFi - My router at home is centrally located in a 2000 sq ft house and I get wifi reception everywhere in the house. Compared to the iTouch that this unit is replacing, the Centura does show fewer bars, but again it still connects and I have had no problems.Head Phone jack - The sound coming out of the head phone jack is terrible, a lot of feed back noise. I bought two phones at the same time and both phones exhibit this behavior. If you turn on the equalizer in the stock &#34;Play Music&#34; app the noise is greatly amplified - very irritating. The only saving grace is that the noise is not present when transmitting via blue tooth. So I use a Blue tooth head phone set (Sony SBH20B) or the car stereo to listen to music.Time - Every now and then the Centura loses what time it is, not often ... for instance in a month it happened once on my phone and my wife's phone it hasn't happened yet. The fix for this is to use ClockSync from the Google Play Store. I still would not use the phone as an alarm clock.Data usage - I am using the family plan at Tracfone and only get 150mb a month, therefore one of the first things to do is go into the data management and set the phone to only use wifi for data.Tracfone - I had no problem transferring the minutes from my old phones to the new phones. The minutes now show up in three different buckets - Talk, Text, and Data. The process was easy to do and I did it over the internet using Tracfone's website.

But the Samsung wouldn't even do the simple things that my old phone could.  I could never get the Bluetooth to work with my 2013 Nissan Sentra (seamless with the old phone).  Much of the time I couldn't make calls, send or receive emails or check Facebook.  Needed constant recharging despite diligent attempts to manage apps and etc.After many hours of trying to Google solutions I finally gave up and went back to my old phone . . . and the kicker is that Tracfone takes all your minutes when you switch back from a &#34;smart&#34; phone.

This is my first smart phone and so far it has been a great experience.  It does more than I need. The best thing for me has been the WiFi. I leave the 3G Data off unless I need it.  I can just turn on the WiFi at night and the phone does all of it's updates/upgrades via WiFi while I sleep. I also put an app for making calls over the WiFi which doesn't use my TracFone minutes.All-in-all, great smart phone setup for cheap people (yes I'm cheap and proud of it).

Love this phone..price is great and has many wonderful functions

This phone still gets 5 stars because of the prepaid plan.  In my opinion, it is currently one of the best true smartphones you can get with a prepaid plan costing &lt;$10/month.  You should also consider the lesser known ZTE Valet TracFone. It has similar specs and is ~$25 cheaper.  These phones are a lot better than the pseudo-smart Java phones like the LG800G that TracFone sells.This phone is great for tech savvy users who occasionally need a cell phone and web access, and do not want to waste their money for an unlimited plan.  If you need an unlimited plan, Walmart has the same phone under Straight Talk for ~$45/month.  TracFone allows you to refill data separately if you use more web than voice.I own an old iPod Touch and a Samsung Tab 2 Android tablet so the setup was pretty straightforward.  If you are computer challenged, this phone is probably not for you unless you get your kids to set it up for you and maintain it.Remember, this phone cost a lot less than the full feature smartphones but you do get less too.  It runs slower because it only has a QualComm Snapdragon S1 MSM7625A 800MHz single core A7 processor with only 396MB of usable RAM and 2.75GB of usable flash.  I ran the Quadrant performance benchmark and it got a 1555 vs. my Tab 2 of 3138.  Screen gestures and simple apps work smoothly though.The phone uses the Verizon 3G CDMA network versus AT&T; GSM.  So depending on where you live, this may be better or worst for you. I got 0 bars in the house with GSM.  Now I get 2 bars with CDMA.  Note: TracFone uses C in the model number for CDMA and G for GSM.Issues-The power button is on the upper right opposite to the volume button on the left.  It is easy to accidentally change the volume.-The display size is only 3.5 inches but fine except for the tiny cell signal bars.  It is hard to read in sunlight even at max brightness.-The phone speaker for your ear is not loud enough at times even at max, and the speakerphone's speaker faces rearward so you lose a lot of volume.-When using the phone, it does not display the numbers after you connect so you need to press an icon to get it when responding to number inputs.-I could not get a MP4 video to play.-It has a tough time reading QR codes unless they are large.-The menu-home-back buttons are not lit until you touch them so they are hidden at night.-This phone does have a GPS satellite receiver. I was able to use the GPS Test app to verify. Turn off wifi and synching in the power control widget to help it lock-in the first time.-It vibrates when you turn the phone on/off.  No option to shut that off.-Voicemail does not give you an option to delete for some odd reason.-There is no widget to end apps like the Tab 2 to save your battery and prevent apps from monitoring you but apps are available to handle this.-If you use a lot of data over a short period on the 3G network, the software keeps displaying a high mobile "data usage warning" that you can't reset.TracFone seems to be still working out the bugs in handling smartphones on their websites, apps, etc.  The phone does not display your minutes and service end date automatically like the old TracFones.  You need to go to Tracfone's website, input your phone # (and  the last 4 digits of your phone's serial number if you not doing it on your phone) to get the info.  It displays the info on the website, and sends a text message to your phone.Very few apps are preloaded.  You would think TracFone would preload their own app and widget that gives you the minutes and service period but you have to download it yourself.  It doesn't matter since currently the Tracfone app and widget does not work.I like Tracfone's inexpensive prepaid plans with no expiration of unused minutes so I'll put up with these shortcomings until they release a better phone.

Overall we are pleased with this phone. It does everything we need it to do. She can call, text or use the web. She seems to be able to do everything her friends can do. There is one negative, there is NO WAY to check your balance of remaining minutes, texts, data from the phone. You have to go online to do so. This has never been the case for us with any other Tracfone. but we are pleased with it otherwise. It is a quality phone.

Bought one of these for each of my 12 year olds, and they love them.  They think it is almost identical to my Droid, it looks very similar when you turn it on.  Tracfone transferred my minutes and phone number as requested.  Good seller, phones came on time.

Not the best in graphics but I think this is the best phone that tracfone has. You can turn off data so your not using it accidentally. Has WiFi. Talk time, text and data are seperate and each triple so if you get a 120 minute card for $30 you actually get 360 talk minutes, 360 texts, and 360 mb of data for 90 days. It doesn't display your balance on the screen like the cheaper ones do but you can download a tracfone app that gives you your balance. As far as I know this is the cheapest yet best non contract phone available

Love it--EXCEPT that it steals memory when you install and then uninstall an App.  Can't figure a way to get the memory back to use it for something else

I was able to buy this phone(and accessories) from Amazon cheaper than what Tracfone sells it for.  It arrived quickly.  Activation was no different than with other Tracfones of the past.  It's my first Android so I'm still learning.  So far I've installed and used several apps with no issue (that I can blame on the phone).  Although I've tried the battery saving measures others have suggested, it does seem to drain in a hurry.  I don't understand why it doesn't have speed dial.  What a simple feature that's been around for ever.  That's a big loss for me.  I hoped voice dialing would replace the loss of speed dialing but not so much.  I've tried it several times and it doesn't even get close to the right number or person.  So I'm happy to have an Android phone with Tracfone service but phone itself doesn't knock my socks off.

I have received and activated my new Samsung Galaxy Centura Tracfone and love it.  First I was able to download many apps on my home wifi while I was waiting for the phone to be activated.  The phone is very easy to manage and my contact list transferred from my old phone with no effort.  The display is bright and the the screen is easy to use.  There is voice command for google.  Now for Tracfone review.  I was moving my old number from another carrier and was a little worried.  Even though it was during Thanksgiving,Tracfone called the day after I made the request for the number change.  They were prompt and gave me exact time that the phone would be activated.  As soon as the phone number was changed and the phone was activated, they called and let me know.  It works great and I am so happy to have a phone and service that I do not pay for unless I use it.  I love the triple minutes for life.  Buy 60 minutes, and you get 180 minutes for calling, 180 for texts and 180 mb for web.  You can add web time if needed.  If you are not on your phone all the time, this is a great way to go!

I got this for my son last month as he wanted to upgrade to an android. I really didn't want to get into a contract and I like tracfone for that reason. We should have stayed with his older phone because the talk and text minutes were all together. Now with the android, they are separated out....so he runs out of text minutes, and now has over 1000 talk minutes. Has to buy a new minute card just for the text. It is one for one now....meaning one text per minute instead of the 3. It would be so much better if the text and talk were lumped into one, then the data could be a separate thing as he hardly uses data at all by hooking up to our home wifi. It was dumb of me to think this would work for him, but I was optimistic. Live and learn.

This is my first smart phone. I was always afraid it would be smarter than me and this one probably is. I now txt (which I never did before), check email and get on the web. Great stuff.

I liked it at first, then I became more and more disappointed. the battery charge doesn't hold all day. I got a new battery and the same thing happened. If I try to go back to my original phone, I lose all my units and have to buy a new airtimecard. That part sucks. It freezes on a screen you have to shut it off to get rid of it. I guess if you buy enough airtime cards you can access the apps thatyou download. I am not sure how the time I spend on the internet is calculated.

This review is based on someone moving from a feature phone, not an iPhone. But the cost is quite low both for the phone and for the monthly service from Tracfone. This phone does a pretty good job if you use Google and you put in a memory card. Definitely put all of your music, videos and pictures on the memory card or you will run out of memory fast. But even so, memory cards are pretty cheap.I went from a phone that could only make calls and text to one that has a GPS, decent camera, great connection to Google Drive, and lots of applications. Since I don't use much data or make many calls, this is a great phone for me. If you are a teenager who makes a million texts or a salesman who is always on the road, this isn't your phone. But if you want to save money and still get a smart phone, this is it.

I have had this TracFone 3 days.  When I turned on today a green widget icon appeared with this information in upper right hand corner. ODIN3 Product amazing3gtrf Custom Binary Download NO Current Binary Samsung Official System Status Official  Below the icon it reads  Downloading Do not turn off targetThe screen has been frozen for 3 hours.  I can not turn off phone or do anything.  When I plugged in the charger nothing changed on the screen.  I called the phone from  another phone and hear my voice mail.  Neither Samsung or Tracfones sites offer any help.  If the phone hasn't changed in 24 hours I am returning the phoneFinally called tracfone. Was told to remove battery. When reinserted the screen message was to reboot by turning off. The technician said they were updating information in the phones. Also that the screen will freeze if the battery is low..

I wanted a smart phone and this is just what the doctor ordered. I cannot believe all of the features this phone has. I keep discovering new uses for the phone all the time.I had a learning curve for awhile with it, but now I am enjoying all the extras.in addition to Galaxy being a great phone..TracFone allows me to text, call my daughter in South Korea, Video, & more for no monthly charge...just buy minutes. this phone has triple minutes for life! So every time I purchase minutes they are tripled.Glad Amazon & TracFone offer this model phone & the triple  minutes  for life.

TOTALY UNUSABLE. OHLY EMERJENCY CALL COULD BE MADE. aBSOLUTLY NOTHING WORKED.

So far it's great.  Picks up a signal in places where my previous cell phone didn't.

I was so happy to see tracfone finally had a smart phone.  I had no trouble switching my number and minutes from my old tracfone.  I have very limited service with this phone.  My husbands tracfone has service everywhere. Where my husbands phone had a full set of bars, this phone had an x meaning, no service.  I called tracfone and told them the problem.  They said sorry, but they can't do anything as this is a verizon network phone and tracfone doesn't have a contract with verizon.  How is one supposed to know that.  I asked to transfer my number and minutes back to my old tracfone and they said I can't transfer my minutes to my old phone from an android phone.  I am sending the phone back. What I am most angry about is the fact that I lost all my minutes I bought. They wanted me to buy some more minutes to activate my old phone. Why should I when I had 400 plus minutes left on my old phone. I will not buy another tracfone.  Very Very Disappointed

I replaced an AT&T Go Phone with this one and I am very happy.  The Samsung phone works so much better than the AT&T and I have more minutes, texting, and data with TracFone for one third the price.  Very happy with purchase.

I wish I had know how much trouble it would be getting my minutes from my Tracfone 840g onto this phone, I would have kept my old phone. Talking with tracfone reps is like pulling teeth,painful. I did not buy from Amazon. HSN had a promotion of 600 minutes and $25.00 Google play, which I got without any problems. I have tried for a week to get the 600 minutes but Tracfone says the pin number has been used and HSN has been no help. Wish I had kept my 840g which is a great phone.The Samsung Tracfone Centura is new to Tracfone and a fine upgrade, they just need to get a better rep to customer. Had to understand the outsource ones from India or whereever they are from. If I ever get my minutes i'll let you know.

Great value and quick delivery.  I would definitely recommend.

Worst phone ever. It's really, really, really slow. Even to send a simple text. It gets really, really bad battery life. I can't find one good thing about. It lasted two months before I gave up, got a Nexus 5 and switched carriers. Don't waste your money. I have no idea how this got even one good review. It may have been a good phone in 2008 but 2014? I think not.

Had bought the ZTE phone then the screen wend dead after five days. Went back and traded up to this phone. Still having problems, mainly with transferring all the minutes and date. People in the call center were very good and now it's working again after being deactivated after three days. Main problem right now is creating a contact list with names and phone numbers. Looked at the quick reference manual by Samsung, shows going to &#34;phone,&#34; then clicking an icon that doesn't show up! The Tracfone services guide is good but omits anything about setting up a contact list. Yes I am a bit frustrated. So now I'll throw up the question out to all of you, how in the heck can you set up a contact list with this Tracfone???? I also recommend to any buyer to be aware of the service date as the phone will go inactive at that date. Other than that it seems to be working just fine. But any help would be appreciated regarding the contact list problem I'm having. This is not the first time I've had a problem with a technological piece of equipment that the makers forgot to include simple things in their manuals.

This is my daughter's first smart phone.  Everything seems to work great, except it occasionally freezes up, and she has to either reboot it, or pull the battery.  I think this is largely due to the fact that the phone doesn't have a very fast processor, and she is an impatient teenager.  If it weren't for this issue, I would give the phone 5 stars.  Other than the screen freeze, we have had no problems with this phone at all.  It gets great reception in our area (she can get a better signal than some of her friends with iphones).  I think this is a great beginner smartphone, since it is a fraction of the cost of a &#34;regular&#34; smartphone.  I feel good about this purchase, and would recommend this phone.

We have owned numerous Tracfones with this being our first Android. All in all the phone is fine except for one major flaw; no ability to send or receive pictures. We have spent a lot of time talking with Tracfone tech support, reviewing YouTube tutorials and searching the web, but so far, nothing. Not sure if we just received a dud but unfortunately the return window for this item here on Amazon was only 1 month and we missed it.Update: After three (3) Tracfone tech support sessions (all exceeding :30)the phone is going back to the company. Apparently tech support ticket numbers and "escalating" the ticket are concepts that mean very little. Also, email follow ups contained 800#'s that were literally out of service. Price is an A, service is D-.P.S. The company, ShopCellDeals, shipped it promptly and I could not return the phone to them as I missed the 30 day window. No problem with them and I actually ordered another phone from them already.

Bought this for my son he likes it,internet  browser looks like a PC browser and not like the other smart phone &#34;toy browsers&#34; Tracfone  has, sometimes when he get a text the phone doesn't vibrate or ring and the phones clock loses 5 hours and has to be reset(this is a problem with this model for some reason ,Google it )

After careful research my Wife and I chose this phone over many other for our daughter. Don't be fooled by the word Galaxy in the name. It's nothing like a S3 or S4 but it is an awesome device. My daughter loves it and thats all that counts.

The phone was fine for a week & a half, then the battery started draining on it's own, even when I hadn't used the phone. The last 2-3 days, I've fully charged it, & it would completely drain in a few hours, turned off, with zero usage. As far as phone set-up goes, it's okay, though I would like to have my remaining minutes displayed for easy access on the phone. Can't recommend at all...there HAS to be something better than this thing. And btw, this hasn't been dropped, near water, etc....nothing. It's just a piece of junk.

I like it how Tracfone transferred my minutes and gave me a bonus, however the battery seems to wear off quickly. It is user friendly and a good value for the money.

Lightweight, right size, wifi, triple minutes, triple texts, triple data, you can't go wrong!!! From a former $97.00 per month Verizon contract victim, you will save SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much money with this or a similar Tracfone, which uses the same towers as all major carriers. You'll pay only between $7.00 and &20.00 per month for this smartphone. Use data/battery saving apps and free text via wifi apps for more savings. This phone is great!

Alright I'm going to start off with stating that I have been using the Tracfone service since 2011 and love it. I have never had any problems with the service, my account or payment plans. With that out of the way I'll start.This Centura for Tracone at the price of $79.99 ( 3-26-14) was a great deal here on Amazon considering the phone retails for $109.99 in most stores and on Tracfones website itself. The phone received was in the same retail packaging like you would buy from any store and unopened etc.The phone itself is very nice and feels to be made of quality. The touchscreen is responsive to every swipe and touch. The speed is on par with my Android tablet which has a quad core cpu for a comparison even though this processor is only rated at 800mhz. Overall it is very fast and runs Android OS flawlessly from what I can tell so far and I have installed multiple apps with no hiccups. Lastly the phone did not take to long to setup. Updates were fast and the Tracfone phone number transfer from my older Tracfone was finished within an hour. Also the Tracfone app in the Google play store works well my only question is why it doesn't come pre-loaded with it in the first place.Here is a breakdown of the Minutes, Texts and Data service.If you used a older Tracfone you will notice that this service utilizes the time cards that you would buy at the store or online differently. The service on this phone separates the minutes and the texts charges and also separates the data. For example:You buy a 200 minute time card. This phone has triple minutes. You receive 600 talk minutes and 600 texts. Using talk minutes does not deplete texts and using texts does not deplete talk minutes so in a sense you get more for your money in my opinion when it comes to buying additional time cards etc.The data is currently on its own separate thing as well. You can buy additional data at the store ( though none near where I live yet) or online. The prices are kinda meh but it beats having a contract. Enabling the WiFi most of the time nullifies your data consumption anyway.So if you have been waiting to upgrade your phone and enjoy using the Tracone service and know what you are doing with Android then this phone is for you and I would highly recommend it.

good value for price..  screen is smaller than expected but for entry level will work..  wifi is terrific tracfone customer service leaves a lot to bedesired

The internal clock on this phone will randomly set itself backwards 5 hours.  This will obviously cause major problems with any app that requires a clock (ie all apps). Specifically if you set an alarm it will fail to go off on time if you are unlucky enough to have the time randomly change.  For me I have had the phone for about two months and the clock goes haywire about twice a week and have been unable to see any trend as to what circumstances cause this.I have contacted Tracfone customer support multiple times.  They tried reactivating the phone, and they had me delete the entire phone contents and restore factory defaults but nothing resolved the problem.  The most recent "solution" was to disable the auto network time setting feature.  This means if you change time zones the time will not auto correct as it does on any other phone.Will report back in a couple weeks to confirm if this will or will not halfway solve the product defect.  I have seen in several user forums that many other owners are reporting random time changes of 4 , 5 or 6 hours back in time so this is not an isolated issue to my phone so wanted to warn other buyers of this defect that neither Samsung nor Tracfone are willing to fix properly.  Samsung will not support this phone at all and will direct you to Tracfone for support.  Please bear this in mind if you plan to purchase this phone be on the lookout for unpredictable time changes.UPDATE Dec 6Even with disabling the auto network time setting feature as requested by Tracfone support the phone changed the time back 5 hours twice in one day.  Still no solution for issue.UPDATE Mar 28Phone clock continues to randomly sets itself backwards 5 hours maybe twice a week the quick fix is to put phone into airplane mode and back out and the clock will correct itself.  Clearly Samsung has no plan to fix this bug.Also notable for those looking at this phone is the camera.  I takes decent photos so long as it is more than 5 feet away.  The 3 Megapixel camera is completely incapable of taking a non-blurry close up photo regardless of lighing.  So you can't use the camera for scanning bar codes, QR codes, or even deposit checks with mobile banking apps since all close up pictures are lousy and blurry.

This is our fifth or sixth Tracfone to date. It worked great for making and receiving calls, and the picture taking ability is great. The web was impossible to use at first, because although the calling minutes and texting minutes were transferred to our new phone the data minutes weren't. I had to call the Tracfone Wireless people, and the service tech found out what the issue was and transferred the data mb to our new phone. Now it works great! We replaced the 840g we used for only a couple of months because it did not have a QWERTY keyboard for internet searches.

Very good phone and obviously with triple minutes.  I did exactly what everyone suggested in the reviews (used my home wireless to configure and download apps) and the phone is operating flawlessly.  This is NOT a high-end smartphone so if you're looking for an IPhone or a Galaxy then you will be disappointed.  But, with the high-end phones come the high-end dollars so I think I'll take this Samsung Galaxy Centura and pocket my money for something more important than Facetime or an I-watch or Gadget gear.  This is a great phone, for great money, and I can check my email, surf the web, and use Tango to perform video teleconferencing.I just can't wait for the other three phones on my Verizon contract to expire so I can go from $175 per month (total) to $21 per month (total).  Good luck to everyone and happy new year.  My new year has started out great by saving a ton of money.  I bought the phone and the 400 minutes of airtime (tripled to 1200 of course; and the minutes will last me a whole year).  I wont even use the minutes hardly because I'll just wait until I get near a wireless connection and use the free wireless at starbucks or somewhere else to make calls (with Tango), etc.

I really hate having to send this back, but I think this phone has some major glitches. I've only had it 8 days, and on 3 occasions, the time jumped backwards 5 hrs. I don't wear a watch, so this is a problem for me. It also blacked out unexpectedly for about 10 seconds, a warning of what was to come. Last night, after downloading a Geico app, I was putting in my user/pw, when the screen froze. It happened once before, but corrected itself after a few seconds. When that didn't happen, I touched the home icon, saw it wasn't lit, then pressed the on/off button. The phone vibrated, the screen turned black; it appeared as though it had crashed. I pressed the button again, but the phone seemed to be dead. I waited a while, still nothing, so with a heavy heart, I filled out the form to return it. The screen remained black for about 30-35 min, and when I pressed the button again, it came back on as usual. This morning, the alarm went off as scheduled, but at 9:30, it jumped back to 4:30 and I had to correct it again. I really like this phone; with all its functions, I think it's the best Tracfone yet. But according to the other reviews I've read, they haven't got all the bugs out. Now the big question is...do I take a chance and buy the same model?

I was really disappointed with this phone. I have a Samsung 60 inch 3D TV and a Samsung Blu-Ray player. Love them both. This phone is another story. You can't look at your remaining minutes or service days on the phone. You have to go to the website to look it up. There is a long learning curve using the phone. Nothing seems to be intuitive. Another incredibly annoying thing was the touch-sensitive buttons along the bottom of the phone. I was constantly accidentally touching one of those and doing something unintentional while trying to use the phone. I also soon found out my old LG 505C had much better reception than the Samsung. I was not able to use it in areas where I had no trouble with the LG. That was the clincher. After two weeks I sent the Samsung Droid phone back to TracFone and had them reactivate my old LG 505C. I haven't looked back since.

the blue icon phone have vanished from the screen on my phone and i can,t get it back .how do i get it back ?

I am totally disappointed.Did not know, that it works with verizon tower.I replaced my lg phone to use android, but works very poorI can not recommend it

Still learning. Purchased for older user with limited usage. Direction booklet very brief. Need more study with online manual. Too soon to really review.

this samsung galaxy android phone is good, it's o k, one thing please tell me how to send text message especially to other countries because they are not receiving any message from this tracfone , tell me what is the procedure how to work. thanks.

This phone would not work in the area where I live. No CDMA tower in my area. It appears to be a nice phone.

I think the phone itself is pretty nifty for an old babe like me. My chief gripe, and I know others have expressed this concern as well, is the division of the talk/text/data minutes. I text, but not a lot. I don't use the data at all (I'm in front of a computer for most of the day, why should I?). I do talk. So I have a ton of data minutes, and quite a bit of texting minutes but my talk minutes are way down. I'm assuming when I buy more minutes, I'll have a plethora of data, a bucket load of text, and I'll run through my talk minutes in a heartbeat. I also don't care for getting online to request my balance amounts. All the other Tracfone's I've had showed it right on the screen; what's so different about this phone? I do like the phone, however, and will stick with it. I haven't had the freeze up as some have complained about, my calls sound good and the signal is much better than my old Tracfone. Plus, as a long-time Tracfone user, I think it's absolutely the way to go smart phone wise, especially when I hear my friends talk about how much their cell bills are every month for phones not all that different from mine. Maybe Tracfone will re-think those problems I mentioned and get 'em fixed...just sayin'...

This phone is incredibly slow, uable to receive data messages, gets stuck and 12:26 every night, has poor receiption, and freezes regularly. I have service through Straight Talk, and had no problems with the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim I had before. So, I contacted both Straight Talk and Samsung and neither company will do anything to help me obtain a functioning phone.

I can do everything my friends can do with their expensive android phones at a fraction of the cost. I have convinced a couple of my friends to get rid of their $100 a month phone for this tracfone!

It works well on the Internet on WI-FI and I don't have to burn minutes  when Wi-Fi is available. xxxx

I bought this as a step up from my LG800 tracfone.  I wanted a few more features.  So far, I totally love it. It is much much easier to text, the screen is sensing my touch unlike the LG.  One of the best features is that I can turn off the mobile data.  The battery life seems great so far. I haven't downloaded any apps yet, though.  This phone does not appear able to download the app for checking status of Tracfone units remaining, but I just added tracfone.com to my favorites, I can easily logon & check remaining units, very easy.  I do not plan to use much of the mobile data, but it will be there if I ever do.  I use this mostly for texting.  Another surprising big difference is the voice calling seems to be much clearer than the LG in the tone of my voice and in reception.  I am super happy with this phone, even though the texting is a bit more expensive than my LG, it does use a whole unit for a text, instead of .3 unit.  For a smart phone, it is still such a cheaper option than any other smart phone that I know of.

I have been a tracfone user since they came out, liking the pay as you use concept, since I am not a big user of a cell phone. I wanted to upgrade and the Samsung galaxy was perfect for my needs. It was easy to set up and transfer my remaining minutes. The instruction book lets a lot unsaid but I went to the Samusung tutorial site and figured out all I needed to know. For the price and all the features this phone gives me, it was a good investment!

The samsung galaxy centura is just what I had hoped. Using the Tracfone, I don't have to pay a monthly fee. My usage is small, but I still get all the features of a smart phone.

I hate the damn thing. The instructions are esoteric & hard to follow precisely. It's like they expect you to have some prior secretive knowledge of code breaking.

I got this phone a few months ago to replace my old LG840.  HUGE Improvement!  While the 840 technically had web capability, it was so slow and the screen was so small and the touch screen response was so sluggish, it wasn't even worth using.  Now the Samsung Centura is probably no iphone but for a fraction of the cost, I'm very satisfied.There are a few quirks that are frustrating to me.  One, the hardest thing to figure out was how to set up speed dials - the functionality is there, it's just not very intuitive.  To set up speed dials, touch and hold the contact widget and drag it to your home screen.  Then your contacts pop up and you can choose which contact to assign to that speed dial.  You do this multiple times for each contact that you want to add a speed dial for.  You can either have each one be a separate icon on your home screen or, you can do what I did and drag and drop them on top of each other which puts them all into a folder which you can name &#34;speed dials&#34; or whatever.  Then just tap the folder, tap the contact, and tap to call or text.Also, it's kind of annoying that if you miss a call or get a text while your screen is &#34;asleep&#34;, there is no visual notification that pops up- you have to manually turn the screen on to check for missed calls.  Seems like this has been a feature on all my previous phone so I'm surprised that this phone doesn't have that.  But, there are a few apps that you can download to fix this.  The one I have is called No LED which works fine.And the last thing is that the calendar/reminder function is not very robust.  For example, I like to set a reminder to take set my garbage out every other Tuesday.  Well, there is no way to set up an event for alternating weeks like on most other calendars and, again, there is no visual notification or alarm that will notify you if your screen is asleep.  Even the apps I've found for this don't do exactly what I'm looking for.  Maybe I'm missing something but haven't found a good solution to this yet.Oh, and I've had problems retrieving mms messages but I just read one of the previous reviews that said you have to turn on your mobile data to get those to download.  Just tried that and it worked!So overall, a really really good phone for the price.  Just be prepared to do some research to get some things to work like you want them to but I'm finding that if you just spend some time reading these Amazon reviews, you'll pick up a lot of good tips :) !

I'm a big Google fan, so when Trac carried an Android phone, I seriously considered it. This phone is definitely one of, if not the best phone they offer.I know your service area has a big impact op reception, but where we live,we have good reception on ATT, and Verizon networks, with all our phones.I love the wi-fi, which cuts down on your bills by using it instead of airtime.Have not used the camera much, but I know its not up to Apple standards, but probably good enough for snaps.

this is my first smart phone it took a while for me to get use to it but I really enjoy it . I like the photos it takes and I am very please . I really have no complain at this time but I wish I could see the minutes I have left a little more easily.

First of all, this is a screaming deal- a very good phone, at a price $50 lower than at Tracfone, and you can buy 1200 min/text/data for only $100 a year. So for a moderate user, there is *nothing* else close to this value. My only complaints are:- the only cell network for this phone is the 'pre-paid' Verizon, which has weaker (reduced) coverage than the regular Verizon network- the online coverage maps for Verizon do not show their 'pre-paid' network- if you migrate from a non-Android TracFone to an Android phone, you cannot go backward without losing all your minutesSo once I got the phone all set up, the Trachone tech support said my location has poor signal strength. These were same people who said my old Tracfone had poor signal strength because it was defective. So now I have a much better phone... with the same problem. So test the Verizon 'pre-paid' network before you buy.

My wife's first smartphone and one she's learning to like very much.  Great features and good service, especially since there is no contract.

I had a droid before and found it to be heavy and a bit too large and cumbersome.  This phone is the ideal size and has all of the same features.

This phone is an excellent value if you are not a heavy user of cell phones. All chosen apps are opperating as expected.

I've upgraded progressively with Tracfone for tenish years, and every step has been better and better.  And my ex wife always  outdid me with her phones (always Samsung) so I went with this one and its a serious winner.  Phenomenal GPS, voice recogniztion, screen tilt, android, and Amazing Case selection (Samsung Galaxy Centura S738C Black/Black DUO Armor impact Tough Case is unlike any case Ive ever seen!).  Too tired to ramble, but if you have a budget, you cant find better.  Can we say free text message and voice call apps over wifi?!! Love it!  And offline gps!  Out of the box with no service you can web browse by voice over wifi, make calls and text and use the gps.  For $85!!!!!

Okay, first off, I did a lot of research before buying this phone, I've used Tracfone for a year and a half and I'm happy with their service I can't afford to buy a Galaxy Note or Iphone (or the plans of $45 per month), but wanted a smartphone so I decided to give this one a try.I am happy with it, calls are clear, so far not a single call has been dropped so far, and it hardly freezes on me, and when it does, it tends to be with the same 2 apps, so, they could be to blamed, not the phone, at first I though I wouldn't mind that the camera doesn't have an auto-focus feature or a frontal camera, but the truth is, when I started going to conventions and expos, they were times I wanted to use the phone for pictures and have to resort to my real camera, since with the phone either the picture was very blurry or dark, same if I tried to take a video from a panel..Sometimes when I listen to music or podcast it stutters... but again, that might be the app I use, and lastly, there is the issue that you might be already aware of... the clock goes nuts on it's own and changes time for no reason.. a problem for those who uses the phone as an alarm clock.But honestly, but $70-99 it's more than a decent choice,  I just started to use the navigation features and it was great. and let's not forget the &#34;Triple minutes&#34; feature that Tracfone offers with this phone, I transferred my old number to this phone without problems. Besides the factors I mentioned before, I like this phone, but I'm not gonna lie, I sure would love a better camera (and with flash, even better) on this little fellow.I hope this review helps you.

Do not buy this phone if you will depend on it as an alarm clock or as a time piece.WARNING: The time on this phone is unreliable.Do a search on Centura Time Sync problem and you will find this to be a common problem.Customer service will have you do all sorts of things that will not fix the problem and waste your time, though they will send you a new phone with the same problem.Short term solution is to turn off the automatic time settings. This may work for a bit then the problem returns. Can you afford to be late or miss a meeting at you job because your cell phone glitched?The only reported fix so far is to download Smart Time Sync from Google.Depending on another App that requires rooting is not something I would stake punctuality at my job on. I also will not become part of the Googleverse.Everything else about this phone is very good and the camera is outstanding and much better than my old Straight Talk Galaxy Proclaim. I can live with the time problem because I am retired and the Tracfone plan saves me about 30 dollars a month.

I really like this phone. It is just the right one for me. I hope it last me for a good time

I am not a heavy user, but needed an economical phone to use like everyone else.  Up till now economical and Smartphone didn't go together.  But the Samsung Centura with Tracfone service has arrived!  I paid just $99 for this phone at Amazon (Tracfone's price is $129) that comes with triple minutes for the life of the phone.  So when I bought 400 minutes for one year at $100, that gives me 1200 minutes of voice, 1200 texts, and 1200 MB data.  That will probably satisfy my needs for the whole year.  If you use a lot of data, you can buy data on a separate card to supplement that bucket.  Do the math.  That's less than $17 per month.  I have gps, apps, a camera (ok, only 3 mps -- who cares!), and service that runs on Verizon lines in my area (good coverage and service).  I've read all the reviews.  The few 'bad' comments seem to compare high-end features of other smartphones.  Having used one of those in the past, I find relief in getting down to what I actually need and use without having to spend a thousand dollars every year in contracts to the big corporations.  There is no stigma in pay-as-you-go -- it's smart.  Now that I can buy a great smartphone CHEAP at Amazon with no contracts or excessive charges with Tracfone, I am right where I want to be as a consumer.What can I say?  I'm a thrifty New Englander who wants a good deal.  I beat the cell service providers at their game and I'm as happy as a clam!

A month ago, I purchased this phone to replace my LG800 for Tracfone. This phone appeared to be the best smartphone available for Tracfone users due to the reviews and options. So far I have been quite pleased because of the quality, features and cost.This phone 1)provides excellent telephone reception in the Washington, DC area as it piggybacks on Verizon for telephone messages, 2) uses an android platform which makes it easy to download your favorite apps from Google play, 3) has an excellent wifi option so that you need not use your valuable minutes when close to a hotspot, 4)has excellent speakers, 5)mediocre camera and 6)the battery can last up to 10 day when not using the phone too much. The headphone jack allows you to use headphones or to hook up on a speaker system with exceptionally pleasing results. The phone's body feels rugged and has a smart look and comfortable grip. The screen is not large, but is adequate due to the high resolution. Although typing in words is not excruciating (like my previous LG800 phone), I suggest that you purchase a stylus for typing. Another recommended accessory is the MINITURTLE hard case which has a custom fit and allows unimpeded use of this devise's mechanical features.

The clock randomly sets itself back 5 hours, making the alarm clock pointless.  How could such a flaw be allowed to be released and still not corrected?  I will avoid Samsung from now on.  I will also return this phone.

This phone is Great!  Takes a little time to figure how to work everything, but I also have a Samsung android tablet so I had a head start. : )

I received my phone about a week ago and I am very pleased.  While fully plastic, the phone has a very solid feel and sports great battery life.  My favorite feature of Android is that I can set data limits on the mobile data for a given time period.  This allows me to manage the airtime cards that I purchase very easily.  I'm really impressed.  Sure, it is slow compared to other high end phones, but for the price paid this phone is a real value.  If you use your Tracfone for anything other than calls and texts then you need this phone.

I have had the phone for maybe 6 months. I use it for an emergency phone and have had a few calls (as I always did).  BUT.... This is really a free handheld computer. At home I use it on my free Wifi, at any destination (restaurant,motel,etc) I use their free Wifi (even in Europe). I use the GPS and free maps ap  as a regular GPS. When I am in the US and need to get info (like gasbuddy or weather.com) it sets me back 5 megs or so, big deal. It has so many apps that do not need contact with the net, from dictionaries to bubble levels to games to many map and apps for calendars, notepads etc. that never need you to use your minutes. I have used precious, but valuable few.Do know as a new smartphone user, that this is so much more than a phone. If you have Wifi at your home, your new phone is a portable and much more a free and very useful handheld computer.

Wanted to upgrade from my LG800.  Nice phone but no service in my area because it uses only Verizon cell towers.

I love this phone.  Transferred 3500 minutues over using the automated Tracfone system without a hitch.  Set up all my apps, contacts and so far so good.  It was relatively easy to do.  My ONLY complaint is with the clock.  For some unexplained reason it just drops 6 hours of time.  Last night, two hours after the set up was complete I noticed the time was off by 6 hours.  I reset the time and went to bed.  I woke up to the clock reading 1AM instead of 7AM.  This could be a HUGE issue if you are using this phone as an alarm clock.  I called Samsung and they said there was nothing they could do and gave me the Tracfone Customer Service #.  I called TC and they said there was nothing they could do as the phone was automatically updated.  How hard is It for a phone to keep track of a programed time??  There is a serious fault with Samsung here - it's not a Tracfone issue, it's a manufacturing / programming issue.  I'm keeping the phone a week and if it continues to do this I'm returning it.  I consider this an unsatisfactory flaw, albeit a minor one but it could be major you rely on the clock feature or alarm feature.UPDATE:  I have found a fix for this problem, thanks to a Tracfone forum member.  Go to [...]post # 581 and follow the instructions.  I can't believe  that Samsung  or Tracfone have not fixed this yet, but at least my phone seems to be keeping time fine now.

Made 2 phone calls and phone locked up. After over 4 1/2 hours over 3 days it was determined the phone was defective and was returned to TracFone. Did not receive the replacement yet.

Tracfone could activate this phone in my zip code which was a huge disappointment as I really like this phone.

This is a decent phone, but for the price I paid. I feel as I got ripped a tad. Considering Straight Talk was selling the same phone for 30 bucks, and ST and Tracfone are one in the same. Phone time is a better deal on Tracfone however.Coming from the LG840G to this one seems to have made for a steep learning curve. Though not to hard to figure out within a little time. I had contacts transfered in about 3 minutes.The Centura is pretty glitch free, and you have the ability to turn off data so that's a plus. I like how triple minutes is tripled on calling, texting, and data. True 1 text takes a full unit,  but it does not take away from calling or data.Some of the things I don't like are items connected to google. Like you need an account to use the calender. Setting up an alarm is not as easy as with the LG840G, and though I can find an app called voice recording. I can't for the life of me find a way to use it. I assume there is an app for that like there is for everything else. I don't like the Tracfone app, but at least you can add time though it with a store bought card and not have to use their slow website.This phone seems to run a straight android OS, without the Tracfone dated OS's that they have used on older phones. I have not rooted it, but it looks like I can without a problem. You would also think that if Tracfone is going with some android phones now, they surely could offer the premium phones.Sound is good, much better than LG. The screen while smaller than other phones is more than usable. Even running at 50% brightness, I have no problem using it.Rambling I know, but it is what it is.On a scale of one to 10. I would rate as follows...Phone 9Cable and charger 10Actual phone service 10Tracfone customer service 3I wish the phone would have been cheaper, but it's a pretty good phone. I doubt you could get much better for less than what I paid without a contract. All in all I am pleased. I have a phone capable of doing most everything I need and more. I have a phone that looks like everyone else's, and not some old outdated dinosaur.

the phone's battery did not hold a charge and has the same stupid clock issue! I can't believe Samsung won't fix the clock issue! I had to return the phone to Amazon, but they covered ALL of the shipping! Yea, it's a hassle to have to swap out the phone with TracFone and package up the old one and ship it back, but I can live with it since it's not costing me anything for all of the shipping; way to step up Amazon.Ok phone... but was expecting a little better quality from Samsung. I am a previous iPhone (3) user and this phone does not really compete; I was hoping it would. Guess we'll se how the replacement holds up...

easy to use, fits in hand nicely, works perfectly.  Much better than  my German phone (I won't say the name).

I have had trac phone for years and this is the first time  that I've been able to have a &#34;fancy phone&#34; like everyone else. This phone is great. Gets emails and talks to the Internet and everything I never could do before. Wow!

Being a new smart phone user, I am still learning my way around this phone.  So far, everything has been simple to understand.  Based on my experience to date, I would definitely recommend this phone.

This phone is very simple to use, for the price, it is great, internet use was nice, I also like the triple minutes.

This is a perfect phone for my requirements.  It has all the functions I need to do what I want.

I upgraded from an LG840G and it's 1000X better.  It a true smartphone.  Fantastic for Tracfone.  I've been using Tracfones for over 12 years now and have been very happy with them.  Simple, yet did what I asked it to do.  This phone provides a lot more.  My wife has an iphone and we like apple products.  This is andriod based so it works a little different, but so far it is working really well for me. Transferring from my old phone was simple and straightforward on the website and all minutes transferred. It took me a few hours to get comfortable with the options and setup the phone, but after that it has been a pure joy.  I now get email, facebook, texts, weather and nice games whenever I want it, though I use wifi mostly at home.  It has navigation as well, which I haven't used, but noce to know it's available if I need it.  That's the great thing about Tracfone; you only pay for what you use. There's a few options to help minimize battery and data usage.  It takes a bit of &#34;playing&#34; to get familiar with the options and where things are,but again, I am thrilled with its options and performance.  WTG Tracfone.  This one is a homerun.

Where to start? For starters the phone likes to go to sleep sometimes when I click on an app. I have to press the power button to wake it up. Not a big deal but annoying still. My phone actually turned itself on! I shut the phone off before going to bed. As usual it did its routine and turned off. About five minutes later I hear music, turn to look at my nightstand and bam, the phone started back up! Very creepy. Then this morning I turned the phone on and it came on in some kind of protection mode. I had to choose a reboot option and it finally came on...slowly. Now to cap it off I discovered I couldn't receive group texts from friends. Tracfone said the Samsung galaxy doesn't accept them! I still get charged for them though! It will say the network is busy, try again later. I did and nothing! Its bad enough the smart phones charge more per text than the the dumb ones but to charge me for a text it doesn't allow to be opened?! What a rip off!

I bought this to replace a flip phone to make texting easier and to have some apps on hand for emergencies.  It is just what I expected and needed.  Tracfone is economical if you use it sparingly.  I added a mini SD for storage, although I don't intend on taking too many photos or listening to music with it.  It comes with lifetime triple minutes, text and data, which is a big plus.  Be advised that updates to apps use data, so if you want to be frugal, don't download too many apps.  What I don't like is that I can't see how many minutes of talk or text time I have left, as I could with the flip phone.  You have to go to the website for that.

bought the samsung centura cell phone..paid for  1 day ship and recieved it as expected . packaged well . the phone was very easy to setup and she was on the phone in 5 minutes...tracfone is a prepaid ..bought 60 minutes for 19.99 and recieved 180 minites...this phone triples your minites...big plus !!!!excellent thankyou

It freezes, reboots itself, changes the clock at random times, notification light does not work, charging port stops working randomly

All is well with the phone but, be ready for a nasty little surprise--  It doesn't work everywhere!!! TracFone has a problem it needs fixed right away and it is the only problem with this phone.  They don't have enough coverage for smart phones or moble networks as it keeps reminding me on my phone.

Have been using it for a month or so. I have been resisting this for a long time, now I cannot live with out. Has all the features, with reasonable charge.

This is the least effective phone I've ever owned.  I wish I wouldn't have purchased it.  Now I'm stuck with this phone that may actually be broken, that's how poor the signal reception is.  I guess it's the Verizon &#34;backbone&#34; that it rides on.  I thought Verizon had great service.  Man, was I wrong. Now I really appreciate ATT.  I'm really bummed.

I liked it when I first got it, but now it's just annoying!!The clock is never rightApps pop up for no reasonIt freezes ALOT!!!!!Restarts it's self often.When I have been talking to people, sometimes Pandora randomly pops up and starts playing music.When I would hang up with someone it would call them right back and I wouldn't even be touching it!!Overall I think a lot of improvements need to be made, Not worth 45 a month in my opinion.

I am reviewing the PHONE, not the plan.  Although I love prepaying for unlimited service, I have Straight Talk for $45 a month.I've had the phone a week.PROS about the phone:*The battery life is great.  It lasts two or three days.*I like the size.  I have small hands and did not want a huge phone.*The aps are working great, although it took me a long time to download one card game.  You have to make sure you have a strong internet connection when downloading.  I downloaded Vonage, Dropbox, my bank, and google chrome with no issues whatsoever.CONS about the phone:*The internal clock has a tendency to reset to another time zone.  When I first got it, I battled it for a few days, but it hasn't happened in the last few days.*The volume button is located directly across for the on/off button.  I'm learning how to get around pressing them both at the same time when I need only one of the functions.*The most annoying thing about the phone is the phone screen timing out when you try to make a phone call.  Calling voice mail is a real pain because there are 4 digits in my password and the silly thing times out before I can complete the task.  I've started bringing up the keypad before I call voice mail and it cuts the time it takes a little.  I reset the display to sleep after 5 minutes, but that doesn't help with the phone.All in all, the phone is OK, but not great.

Don't understand monthly bills for high-tech phones when you can choose to use a TracFone/Samsung like this. Love the operating system. Works with wifi, Bluetooth, and is fast. Surf, call, whatever. And, only pay for what services you use. Quite a deal!

This phone is a Christmas present to myself. I wanted to upgrade from my old tracfone. The phone is very easy to use! I transferred my phone number easily. However, my minutes didn't transfer as easily. After three calls to technical support, the minutes transferred. Thankfully they were pleasant to deal with. So if this happens to you, be patient, it's worth it. I love my tracfone android and am very pleased with the change.  WRITE DOWN THE EXACT MINUTES AND AIRTIME DUE DATE BEFORE YOU DEACTIVATE YOUR OLD PHONE AND REACTIVATE THE DROID. That's my best advice to give to you.

Received the Samsung cell phone today.  The plastic packaging for the phone was already cut open when I received -- clearly it is NOT brand new as described on the product description.  Very unhappy.

I love the phone even though I don't have complete command of it yet. I went from a flip phone that required a much lower I.Q. but I'm slowly getting acclimated to it. Because I had over 1000 Tracphone minutes on my former phone, I was allowed to roll them over onto the new Android AND I was able to keep my number. So far, so very very good.

I like it works great.Best phone I''ve had in a long time. I would buy another one any time.

Once I received the phone I went to the website to register the phone. The website required a card with minutes on it to complete the application. There was no option to purchase it in the registration process. So I started a second session to purchase the card with minutes but then the website declines both of my credit cards. Both of which I've never had an issue using ever before. So epic fail on the website registration.Now I'm going for the telephone option to register the phone. So they harrass me for calling on my old phone that I'm wanting to transfer to this new phone. After telling the agent to accept the fact that this is my only telephone and try her best anyways. So she takes my credit card information and purchases minutes for the phone. After waiting the allotted time it turns out she registered my phone with a new number and not my existing number.Call number two asking for the correct number to be transferred to the telephone. After a long wait she tells me everything is done and once again wait the allotted time. Now the phone has the correct number but no minutes.Call number three was to ask for the minutes that I paid for be applied to my telephone. The first agent picked up the phone and refused to listen. She kept going hold on. Then after 10 minutes of silence she decides to just transfers me. Talk about rude. She never ever listened to what the issue was and gets paid to just chill. So the fourth tech support agent looked into the issue and finally got the phone activated.The phone itself works great. It's responds to everything that I ask it to do. Setting up the wifi feature did not take too much effort so I could download any updates that are needed at the house. Then while out and about I can manually turn on or off the data usage. Its not too difficult but makes it easier to manage my data. This way i can get the information while I'm out and stay within my plan.Its been great for me since I'm a gamer. Searching the app store specifically for offline games to download while I'm at home. Game like Candy Crush you can play for free and offline to kill a couple of minutes here and there while you wait. Using none of my minutes on it works out great for me.Overall its a nightmare getting the phone setup. Once its setup its the cheapest smartphone on the market and it works for me.

This was a present - they now own their first SmartPhone - and at tracfone's excellent pricing of minutes is a plus as well.

I had a ZTE Savvy prior to the purchase of the Centura, which was brilliant up until a muffler was dropped on the screen.I had to purchase another phone that day, so I drove to Wal-mart to get another Savvy. Unfortunately, they didn't have any in stock, so I purchased the Centura. BIG mistake. From the first day, I've had problems with aps locking the phone up, force closing, or just not working at all. The time, set by the network, changes constantly from, for example, Noon to 0100 the next minute and without warning. It's insane. I have to reboot the phone at least twice a day and sometimes by removing the battery because it simply won't turn off. Unfortunately, I've passed the 14 day return policy, so I'm stuck with it until next month. I urge you, DO NOT waste your money on this phone, it is a right P.O.S!!!!

doesnt work in zip 26201 79.00 wasted i never once saw2 in the advertisement where it said it only worked in certain zips

Love this phone, easy to set up and transfer from my other phone. Had no problems on line just follow their instructions. Love it. It was so fast

I choose this phone because of its budget price.  When I first installed it, then phone worked great.  Response was snappy and the system was quick.  After using the phone for a month and installing many apps I noticed a LARGE slow down in the response time of the phone.  After slow down came freezes, crashes, and non-responsiveness.  I quickly got to the point to where I hated this phone because it rarely worked as needed.I decided to factory reset the phone.  After a reset, the phone began working as well as it did right out of the box.  But, after app updates and installations, the phone was back to its usual sluggishness.If you want a phone that works well, and you don't plan on installing many additional apps, all for a low price,  than this is the phone for you.If you need more power and can't stand a sluggish phone then I suggest you upgrade to something better such as the Moto G for $177.

Good phone for the price. Not like other andriod phones, I'm sure, but good for tracfone service. If you like to text you need to get an app like textfree for texting. Everything is google, so you'll have to download additional markets if you want more options. The phone does seem to freeze up some times and can bog down if you don't have an app to close unused apps down. I use the comodo antivirus, which seems to do well, but you have to download it from 1mobilemarket for it to download. For some reason google play will not let you do it. It is low on RAM, so I think that contributes to the slowdown. Some have written about the clock losing time. I have had that happen once, but I just reset it and it is fine. Overall, good phone if you can get it for around $100.

We use less than 60 minutes a month, and to boot Tracfone minutes carry over.  This phone does all we need (and a lot more, which means we've got a bit of learning to do!).

This phone is awesome! It is the perfect size to hold in my hand. The screen is a nice size, with beautiful colors. This is my first smart phone. My old phone was already 5 years old, and it served me well. I purchased this phone as a no contract, no monthly bill phone to get away from contracts and monthly bills. I went with Tracfone. It took a short time to set it up, but the customer service people are very knowledgeable and patient. The phone is easy to use even for someone who has never had a smart phone. Also, I am a senior who wants to stay up with the ever changing electronic items. I am very pleased with the price. All in all, I love this phone.

If you are a TracFone user comfortable with technology, you want this phone.  If you are not interested in learning the clever things an Android smartphone can do, well, maybe you'll be happier with a good feature-phone.As others have noted, the Galaxy Centura is the best phone TracFone has ever offered.  However, it is far from perfect.  For the most part it is an old design and it appears Samsung has elected to save a few pennies by using inferior components in the radios.  If you compare the specs, you'll find that the Centura is almost a twin of the Apple iPhone 3G of approximately five years ago.  Same screen size and resolution.  Roughly the same data capability.  Impressive then.  Not so impressive now.Some positives:Standard micro-USB connector works with your other cables and chargers.Responsive touch screen.Small power adapter, with industry-standard USB and micro-USB connectors.Android.Access to wonderful apps in the Google Play Store.Some negatives:Radios are crippled.  Wifi only works on 2.4 Ghz band.  No 5.0 Ghz.  Link speed limited to 65 Mbps.  Essentially 802.11b/g, not 802.11n.  May not automatically re-connect if wifi SSID is not being broadcast.  Speedtest reports down/up rates of 15/4.5 Mbps using wifi.  That's about half of what I get on my Xoom tablet.  Speedtest reports down/up rates of 1.5/.7 Mbps using cellular.  The 3G speeds are terrible, but at least there is a connection.  For comparison, my Xoom on cellular 4G LTE gets 24/12 Mbps.There is no front-facing camera.  Thus, no video chat.The rear camera is low quality, is almost useless with barcode readers, and has no flash.Many common Android 4.x settings are missing.  For example, there is no portable hotspot or tethering.Bottom Line:  TracFone should have offered this phone years ago.  Even with its faults, until something better is offered, the Galaxy Centura is the phone to get if you want Android and Verizon.

Over all, this Samsung Centura SA S738C phone is an excellent upgrade from the Samsung S390G.  This CDMA smart phone provides easy and intuitive navigation through a touch screen instead of a track ball and the menus are logically organized.  The user interface is very similar to other Samsung products I own: the Galaxy Tab 3 tablet and the Samsung GT-S6102 GSM smart phone.  The large minute balance on the old phone transferred easily and quickly (in about 10 minutes) to the new phone on the Tracfone Website.  Since many other reviewers had trouble with this transfer, I would like to make few comments on this process to help other buyers.  First, make sure the battery is installed and the new phone is fully charged.  Second, do not de-activate your old phone.  You cannot transfer the service from inactive phone.  Third, go to the Tracfone Website and select the "Activate/Reactivate Phone" option from the main menu.  In the activation menu, select "Transfer my number and service from one Tracfone to another."  Fourth, follow the instructions CAREFULLY to enter the codes from the old phone in response to each request.  If all goes well, the system will instruct you to wait till your old phone stops working and enter a confirmation code on your new phone to complete the activation and transfer process.  The system also issues a "Ticket Number" that you can use later, should you need to speak with a service rep.  The exact balance of 5208 talk minutes transferred as new balances for ALL three types of charges.  The new balances were 5208 minutes talk, 5208 text messages, and 5208 MB of data.  You can monitor your balance using the TracFone My Account or Tracfone Data Usage apps available in the Google Play Store.I was able to access my contacts on Google by logging on my existing Gmail account.  Be sure to turn your WiFi on and data usage off when you first turn on the phone so that the phone uses WiFi to install any available updates rather than your precious data balance.  So far I am very happy with this phone and it is great improvement over the old clumsy S390G.Added Note: after several weeks, I did not encounter the problem of the unit resetting time by -6 or +6 hrs, mentioned by other reviewers.

I got this phone for my daughter, her other TracFone was about 3 years old and did not work all that well, this new phone by Samsung is much like my Android phone I have , it works well for her ,allows her to do what she wants with a phone, and at a great price.

I have been a Tracfone user for a number of years using very basic phones- not even with cameras. I'm not a heavy mobile phone user, but have need occasionally for the features of a smart phone- checking e-mail, getting directions, a few texts, a photo here and there. But I'm not willing to pay $40-$80/month for my limited use. This phone is perfect for me.Using the Tracfone website, I easily transferred my existing number and my minutes to the new phone (my existing minutes were tripled.) I figure that I can buy a One Year Card for $100 and get all the phone minutes, texts, and data I need for a year. Most of my data needs are fulfilled when I'm on WiFi, which don't count against your balance. If you run low on data, data only cards are available. Best place to buy phone, text and data is through the tracfone website as they often offer bonuses. Search for bonus codes. Watch for offers to supersize your purchase at checkout. Don't be fooled by those saying that Tracfone has raised the cost of texts with their android phones. Yes, a text now costs a full unit, but you get triple Phone minutes and triple text units when you redeem a card. That's actually a better deal than before.Sure there are fancier and maybe faster phones, but I've found android apps for my Centura that do, just as well,the things I do on my IPAD.If you need cases or screen protectors, order them from Amazon or EBAY you won't find much in stores. Accesories for the Galaxy Discover will fit the Centura. The phone is slippery-you will want a case for it.

This works very well for me. I like Tracphones and this one makes it so easy to check out my sites on the go.I like the pay as you go system and no contracts and no fees every month. Just buy a card and usually you don't need another card until 2 months. Expiration dates are not every month. Tracphone logic.

I use it mostly for texting as I still have a landline.  It is easy to use and I have had no problems with it.

So Tracfone has changed the texting rate on its newer phones.  Older phone's text rate was .3 minutes/text.  Now you use an entire minute.  So if you had an older phone with double minutes, 50 minutes would double to 100.  At .3 per text that gave you 300 texts.  This phone is triple minutes, but each text uses 1 minute. So if you have 50 minutes they would triple to 150 minutes, but at a cost of 1 minute per text, you only get 150 texts.  VERY DECEPTIVE!!  NOT HAPPY!

Fills most of my needs for a smartphone reasonably well. Sometimes though when using an app it freezes and has to be restarted. This isn't a deal breaker for me because I have an iPod for games and music and use my phone mainly for work and email which it handles well. If you need all the bells and whistles you should probably pony up the cash for a higher end phone.

This piece of crap lasted 4 months then it just stopped receiving signals and wont text message. Dont waste your money!!!

Bought it for my GF after initial use I bought her a phone card and there was no way to put it in. After screwing around with tracfone for almost 2 weeks it still wasn't working. Then she tried to put her number back to her old phone. Then they said her old phone needed a new simm card . Got the simm card and added the minutes. As of today her old phone still isn't activated, so nothing works. I should send it back, but I'm going to get much more satisfaction by going to Lowes and getting a bag of concrete. Incase this thing in concrete go out to the pier and drop it into Lake Michigan. This has been nothing but a pain and 30 days later no phone activation of any kind. Very dissatisfied with tracfone and when my phone (same one for 6 yrs now) finally craps out I'll be taking my business else where.

This was my first time owning a smart phone and I love it except for the following problems;It loses time... it was 3:19 am but the phone said it was 10:19 am. I have the GPS on so that the phone can locate me and the time setting even said it was EST which should have been correct. I reset the time to the correct time and when I hit set it jumped to 6:25 am. Turning the phone off and back on corrected the issue but I can't rely on this phone for any alarms.No matter where I try to use wi-fi the phone never shows more than one bar.When my alarm does go off at the correct time it has locked up the phone. The alarm will sound jerky and the only way to get it to stop is turn the phone off.Dialing phone numbers is counter-intuitive. I have called peolpe while I was just attempting to update their profiles. It is easy to pocket dial people as well. When I'm done using the phone I have to lock the screen so that I don't open up apps, dial or message someone.I get good battery life out of the phone because I downloaded a battery doctor app and it seems to help but it takes vigilance.I can't get the phone to sync with my computer. I run Ubuntu as my OS so I realize that may only affect a small percentage of people reading this review.I love the phone but it is quirky. I would not recommend it to a friend. The price, the fact that I only use the phone for emergencies and the fact that Trac-fone doesn't carry any other smart phones is the only reason I gave the rating that I did. It could have been so much better.

The phone is a smart phone. Just what I wanted Tracphone to have. Unfortunately the phone has a dumb user. It just gets harder to figure out how to use all these electronic advances.

This is the no-contract phone that was affordable for me although I preferred the Samsung w/a larger screen.  It meets my needs.  Fault: the on/off button and the volume control are directly on opposite sides.  This makes it harder to control the off/on without hitting the volume button.

This is a very good starter &#34;smart&#34; phone.  Don't buy it for taking or showing pictures as the camera and display are pretty basic.  But the other features of a smart phone work well.

I could not be happier with this phone!  I switched from a very nice Samsung Galaxy S3 through Sprint.  My motivation was to eliminate the $80 per month bill.  For me the Centura works essentially the same as the much more expensive S3 but is just smaller.  I'm not a heavy data user and don't usually stream except on Wifi so the Centura meets my every need. Every app that I used on the S3 works exactly the same on my Tracfone Centura.  I got the phone on Amazon for $99 on cyber Monday.  I ported over my old number online from my S3.  The whole process went smoothly and I was up and running in 30 minutes.  I then took my S3 to Best Buy and got a $105  trade-in gift card.  I used that to get a 1-year Tracfone air time card for $99 which came with 400 minutes that tripled to 1200 for my phone.  I paid an early termination fee of $160 to Sprint and from now on my yearly cell cost will be about $100 instead of $960 on Sprint.  I have no grievance with Sprint, I just wanted to reduce my expenses to be able to save more money each month.  My Tracfone reception is great and I don't feel like I gave up anything.  Objective accomplished!

My prior phone was the LG 840g. Although the LG served its purpose providing a mp3 player, a better GUI experience, easier texting and a touch screen in comparison to my Motorola flip phone that preceded it, I was growing a bit weary of the limited software available and was anxiously waiting for tracfone to offer an android phone. I also admit I have been obsessed with the sony smartwatch and its not compatible with any Java tracfone. Anyhow, after 4 days I can say I am more than satisfied and, no, it has nothing to do with the watch. I didn't buy it yet. The most difficult issue I had was transferring my contacts from my old phone. Eventually I just transferred them phone to phone using bluetooth which was super easy after I figured it out. I went to the tracfone website to complete the transfer myself and it was easy. The transfer itself took about an half hour after I completed everything.Things I like:1) Multitasking - you can browse the web, play a game or access an application while you're on a call. Smart phone users might read this and say "welcome to 2011". However for tracfone users transitioning to android, its a mind blower.2) Text messaging arrangement - No more going back and forth from your outbox to inbox just to see a full conversation. It's rite there on one screen. Your texts are on the right. The recipients response is on the left.3) Triple Minutes - nothing new to LG 800 and LG 840g users BUT you get triple minutes for calls, text and web each. In other words 20 min are actually 180 min divided 3 ways. Have fun with it while you can. Someone is going to realize they made a mistake and change it. Just a Note; my LG 840 automatically utilized wifi when I was in range for the web. This phone will use your minutes if you don't turn off Mobile data under settings -----> data usage. Thanks to C. Overhulser for pointing this out.4) Phone looks good and feels solid. Looks much better in person if that matters to you.5) No issues connecting to Wifi.6) Google Play - the software available on android is more than enough for anyone. I downloaded a free call and text app that I can use to make calls over wifi instead of using the minutes I paid for. That means I can do what all my friends love me for, which is listen to their relationship issues. Lucky me . . . I think.7) Bigger screen - not in comparison to the current phones on the market but enough over most tracfones.Things that I'm so so on:1) The learning curve if you are transitioning to Android, could be a bit challenging. I went through hours trying to figure out how to transfer my contacts. At first, when I tried to connect the phones via bluetooth it didn't pick up. Under Your centura bluetooth menu select "only visible to paired devices". That switches it to pick up devices that are not paired. For some reason none of the tutorials I found on the web mentions transferring contacts phone to phone via bluetooth. Save yourself the trouble and pair the phones.2) I don't like the tracfone app. Unlike the LG, its not real-time. You basically refresh the app through the web. No web, no update. It was automatic on the LG. No internet needed. The widget is also huge, but considering the info it provides I understand the size.3) My 3g signal has only reached 2 bars, but honestly, I'm not even sure what that means and if it relates to me specifically.4) The psychological transition - how do I explain this? Tracfone users like myself see a phone for what it is - a phone. The extra bells and whistles are a convenience, not a necessity.  The smarter the phone the more personal it tends to be. For example, I synch'd this phone to my email which automatically makes this phone almost as important as my wallet. For me, its a bit uncomfortable. Of course you don't have to synch your email or any of your accounts but the whole idea behind upgrading to an android is to take advantage of what a smart phone has to offer. That can be a good thing and a bad thing. It's something "dumb phone" users like myself never had to worry about. It basically means your phone may contain sensitive information which makes it more than just a tool to make calls.  In other words password protect it.If you're on the fence I say give it a try. Overall, I'm happy with this phone. The price was not even a question for me. It's worth it. I took advantage of a deal on ebay that offered 200 minutes which broke down to 600 minutes each. It takes what the LG 840g does to a smarter level. I would also urge anyone looking over reviews or writing reviews to take a second to distinguish if the faults are a software or a phone issue. For example, although it was resolved, there was talk there was no way to view your remaining minutes. I can't hold samsung responsible. That is an android/tracfone issue. If you are new to android and your issue is software related, it will be an issue regardless of the phone you buy if its on android.

There is on an app for that!Go to "play Store" search "tracphone app"Download it.  The app will display your account, minutes remaining, texts remaining, data remaining, and service end date.  You can also add minutes from a link.Even easier - it will create a widget that you can place on one of your home pages.Problem solved!!I don't know if it uses data every time it opens but I have my data turned off and this will update me only when I am on wifi- so no extra charge.

best phone on the market for the price in pre-pay,love it. tracfone has come a long way in pre-paid phone service and samsung has made it possible.

Would be perfect if I knew how to use it!  You need to offer better instructions! Give it a try.

I'm a light phone user so I chose this Tracfone smart phone because of it's low cost and lack of contracts.So far so good, 3G service is quite fast and the apps work well, it's easy to text and phone someone as well as edit my blog and other social media activities I fiddle with.Switching from another Tracfone was easy too, I followed the directions on their website which transfered my phone number and minutes to the new phone in a couple of hours.I follow stock markets and sports, so it's great to have updates and news sent to me all day for free on the phone.I'm glad I bought it, fancier phones are certainly available, but this Samsung is fine for me.

Order this as a Christmas gift and was my son's first cell phone.  So far he has used it primarily as a small Wi-Fi device around the house.  The audio quality is very good the couple of times that we have actually made a call with it.  If it last a year or two, it will be well worth the money.  Shipping was fast and packaged well.  Can't beat the average monthly costs for TracFone if you are an occasional user.

This is my first smart phone because I've been a Tracfone user for about 10 years and this is the first smart phone Tracfone has offered.  The price is right and it comes with Android 4.0. I was surprised to learn that the sensors do not include a compass, making it less useful for GPS map navigation. Without compass it also doesn't work with the sun mapper app that I use on my Nexus 7 for planning outdoor photo shoot.  However there's a lot that it does do,  Apps are free or cheap from the Google Play store or from Amazon. I love having in my pocket wherever I go.  I use WiFi when possible to conserve on cell data usage.  I'm a light cell phone user and always buy the 1 year activation, which comes with 400 minutes, which this phone triples to 1200 phone minutes plus 1200 texts plus 1200 MB of data.  I don't text, and 1200 minutes is more than enough for me for a year.  If I use up the data allowance I can buy a data refill card (which does NOT triple).  I found I can buy refill cards cheaper on Amazon or ebay than direct from Tracfone.Update 12/25/13: I'm knocking it down one star for poor battery life. It seems to last less than 24 hours on standby, so it has to be on the charger every night, and you better have a car charger with you if you rely on the phone for emergency contact.  Also the lack of a front camera (facing the user) means it's not good for video Skype calls, and you can't do selfies without a mirror. It still does a lot, but less than I expected. I have a Nexus 7 (original) without cell data service, and it fills some of the voids this phone has.

I purchased this phone for my kids and myself.  It is our first time having a smart phone.  The phone is user friendly and has access to google play apps.  There seems to be plenty choices.  You will probably want to buy additional memory for the phone.  The add talk, text and data as needed plan works well for our family.We tend not to use the phone for conversations,  so &#34;talk&#34; minutes are not used too frequently and end up lasting.  I use texting only a few times a day, so once again &#34;text&#34; minutes can carry me for a while before I reload.  My kids text more frequently, but seem to get a good life span before text needs to be reloaded.  They tend to use their itouch to text chat while they are at home, using the house wifi.  This also helps to maintain the phone text units.  This way they have units when they are outside the house.  The same goes for data usage.  We all use the house wifi for data when we are home.  If my kids are just surfing the internet, and are away from home, they often find complimentary wifi while out .... restaurants, malls, school etc.  We do not use public wifi for checking email or any other financial or personal transactions.  If this is the case, we use the data units  that we purchased for the phone.  Keeping these habits has made the tracfone smart phone an economical choice.

A very nice smart phone

Yes. Finally. This is the phone for me. I'm not much of a phone addict, so the prepaid plan has always worked well for my budget. Now, I can enjoy the use of an android (without lugging along my tablet). There are a few minor quirks, but for the price, I think this is a great phone. I have downloaded a few apps from the play store with ease and the internet access is quick at 4G. The only downfall is the battery life. Even if you don't use the phone, you need to recharge it everyday. Still not a big problem and they sell extra chargers, cheap. The sound quality isn't the best, but it is good and you can hear clearly. Besides, Iphone has got to have some perks for the money. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who is in the market for an android.Tip: charge it everyday.

This phone will not receive promotional minutes when purchasing a new card, ie tracfone has a 250 minute bonus with a one year card which the are denying a credit for on this phone. Also refuse to credit back the card purchase. No where can they show the phone is not eligible for promotional minutes. Claim no one else to talk to! These minutes are worth $25?

The phone is great. Only one problem. Bluetooth will not pair with my 2010 VW Jetta. Hope VW will get my car updated to my new phone.

After buying this phone and using/testing for a week, I bought a second one for my wife. Everything you see here applies to both phones. I also bought a 32G micro SD card for each phone.1) Bluetooth features work well with Honda HandsFreeLink. (2012 Odyssey EX)2) Voice recognition works very well, although severe limitations due to the language, not the device. For example, the phone doesn't always discern the difference between &#34;to&#34;, &#34;too&#34;, and &#34;2&#34;. Neither do I.3) Screen keyboard works well, although I'm thinking of getting a stylus.4) Camera is good enough for casual snapshots, especially if you have an emergency need, such as a fender bender.5) MapFactor &#34;Navigator&#34; installs on the optional SD Card and gives you extensive offline mapping and GPS capability, while not impacting the amount of internal storage. By &#34;offline&#34;, I mean that if you are in the middle of nowhere with no phone service and no wifi, the GPS and mapping work.This phone is my fourth TracFone, all with the same number. The following technique successfully transferred my number and minutes.1) If you don't already have an online account with TracFone, create one and register your current phone.2) Add your new phone to your account and check the &#34;I don't have a phone number and will get one later&#34; box when you add it.3) Click on &#34;activate&#34; for your new phone and you should get an option that says &#34;transfer your existing phone number and minutes&#34;.4) Follow the instructions carefully.Bear in mind that what worked for my phone may not work for yours, so if you have any doubts, call TracFone.The biggest con so far is that downloading specific maps is extremely slow.MapFactor Navigator tips:1) Install your micro SD card before installing. You will then get a prompt to choose where to install it. I tried installing it first and then moving it after installing the SD card. I ended up uninstalling, deleting the navigator folder and reinstalling from scratch.2) Go to MapFactor's website and install the free version onto your desktop/laptop computer. You can then more easily download all of the maps that you want, even if it means leaving your computer on overnight. I'm not saying that this will always work, but so far, it has for me. Once you have the maps downloaded to your desktop/laptop, you just copy the files over. Make sure that Navigator is not running on your phone. After you copy the maps over, the next time you start Navigator, it will see the additional maps and use them.

I am new to the smart phone market and this phone suits my needs just fine.  I like the sound of the phone, it is easy to dial, I can hear callers very well, I have not had any problems with dropped calls (which I had with my LG phone).  I use my phone to talk text and some internet. It takes adequate pictures and I have no problem uploading them.  I have also used it for gps in an emergency and it certainly came through!! I downloaded an app to keep track of my talk, text and data use, which works quite well and lets me know exactly how much I have used. I am very happy with this phone and am able to do everything I want with it. And I love the TracFone options of pricing.

I've had nothing but cheaper models from tracfone and this one is much better quality. Well worth the extra money at $ 99.00

I ran into the problem of losing minutes when 'downgrading' back to my old non-Android phone. The support person told me that itwas automatic and she could do nothing about it (I had called prior to doing this to see if there was a way of returning adefective phone while keeping my minutes until I got a replacement. No, you have to transfer the minutes to another phone - noputting them in 'storage' til a new phone arrived). Since I had the need to go to tech support some years back when I lost myminutes, I knew that there was a way to do it through a supervisor who walked me thru a lengthy process of adding numbers tovarious screens until I got my minutes back. So I argued respectfully with the tech support person, who eventually asked: &#34;Do youthink I am lying&#34;. I replied that I did - that's as disrespectful as I got (side note: when contacting them, don'tdisrespect/swear/etc. just don't allow them to hang up, don't give them a reason to hang up e.g disrespect/vulgarity.) When sheasked me if there was anything else she could do for me, I just kept saying she needed to connect me with or provide a phonenumber for a supervisor. She said repeatedly she couldn't do it and even claimed she WAS a supervisor. But I stayed on the lineand she would occasionally ask: &#34;Are you still there?&#34; to which I replied &#34;yes&#34;. After about 30-40 minutes, she finally said shewas transferring me to her manager, who resolved the issue for me and I'm able to keep my minutes while 'downgrading'.One factor might have influenced my success: no minutes were purchased thru the Android phone receiving triple minutes - all my minutes were purchased with the previous old phone. And I only had the Android phone for a few days.Two days later when my new SIM card arrived to be used in the old phone, I called to finish the task. Even then, the first rep Igot repeated the tiresome litany about not being able to transfer the minutes back to the old phone and said my confirmationnumber was in valid. When I argued for a while with him and insisted on speaking to someone. He transferred me to someone who hung up on me pretending not to hear me. So I called again and got someone who started the process and said there were some issues. He asked me to hold while he reached a supervisor. I was then transferred to a very pleasant female rep who completed the process without batting an eye. I didn't even have to go thru the process of entering all those codes on the phone like I did some years back with my first experience of recovering lost minutes. From then on it was painless and I have my old phone back in operation with my minutes restored. Apparently from my conversation two days prior with a manager had gotten the whole process settled so that this last rep only asked me for my phone no., serial no. and SIM serial no.The key: persistence and patience. ;-)  Sorry you had to lose yours and give up on Tracfone - their service/support is ratherlacking...it shouldn't have been so hard.

I should of known $100 (I paid $100 at Walmart) for a smart phone was too good to be true. We just moved back stateside from being overseas for 4 years. I didn't want to drop $500 on a phone. I thought Samsung name so should be good! Wrong. I should of saved my $ and gone with a Galaxy S4. It constantly freezes, it's finicky, shuts off on it's own and half the time doesn't charge. It's shut off during calls numerous times too. As far as internet browsing it's so slow I don't even use it at all.Overall not a good phone, save up the $ and get something that works properly.

Easy to use. Perfect solution. Nice to havethe apps in a budget phone plan. Like it so much my husband got one too. I do use a stylus to type sentences though. Keyboard is a bit teenie.

I've held out for years, keeping my &#34;dumb&#34; phone.  I didn't want to pay the enormous monthly fees for a smartphone.  I've had an iPod which was a decent substitute, since wifi is often available, but I have been wanting something that fills in the gaps.I think this is an incredible deal for many of us.  Sure, some who are on a lot of business trips or are out doing things a lot maybe need more data, but so far for me, this has been quite adequate.The phone and/or android itself are not quite to the level of my iPod (and presumably iPhone's) but the difference in price, both upfront and monthly, is huge.With this phone, you get  triple minutes, and you get phone minutes, texts, and data.  So I'm getting 150mb data per month.  I am a little surprised that it's looking like that's pretty adequate.  If  not...you can be a data card--only data, so you're not spending your money on phone minutes or texts you don't need or want.  I think a 2GB card was $50, which would go a long way for me.I  was surprised and delighted that this phone uses REAL gps.  I had been under the impression that smartphones usually used some kind of wifi/cell tower enhanced GPS, so if you were out of range, it wouldn't work.  Maybe I'm wrong on that.  But this is kind of awesome because I'll be able to download maps for hiking and use the GPS, even when there's no cell signal.  That's a huge plus for me.

I purchased this phone as an upgrade for my flip phone. This product stinks to high heavens. The battery drains in just a few hours even if all apps are killed.The phone is constantly freezing. Its constantly trying to update the apps even thought I have the setting to not do so.Do not get this phone. It is a defective product where the OS is not compatible with the hardware this phone comes with. You have been warned.

Still learning all functions. Relatively easy to use. Had much assistance from Tracfone and friend. Cannot rate it higher since I do not know how to use many of the functions. Easy to make calls. Still not skilled at answering. Retrieving calls and sending texts easy.

This phone arrived ''likity split'' to my home. I took the avenue of calling Tracfone and having them transfer my existing minutes to this new smart phone. Somehow, they gave me an extra 600 minutes which I did not argue about. All went quite smoothly but I didn't know how to see the minutes on the smart phone, so took the suggestion of those who put their answers on your page and found out that I needed to open a Google widget in order to see the minutes, which I did and there they were. Tried to make a call, but got an intercept from Virizon telling me that I needed to make a collect call or buy minutes, so called Tracfone again and they told me that I had to initiate the service and they gave me a code to type into the phone and whalla, it worked.By far, the most helpful thing available is the tutorial on the net. Just go to Tracfone.com and click on Technical Support. Then, click on Phone Tutorials  and then click on SA S738C (of all the pictured phones) and the tutorials will come up. All are very helpful except for the manual lock procedure. You may want to also go back to the questions and answers that Amazon provides because they are very helpful.I'm very pleased so far after getting through the set-up maze. Time will tell whether this truly is the ''poor mans'' smart phone that I'm planning for it to be. So far, so good.

I've been a TracFone user all of my life, and I was thrilled to find this TracFone Android on Amazon.  It's the first smartphone I've had the pleasure of owning... and it's CHEAP to own.  I get 3 x the data, text, and minutes everytime I load up.  NO CONTRACTS... LOVE THAT!  You can turn off your wireless and data when you don't need them... but, honestly, I'm finding that I don't burn through minutes any faster than when I had my previous (non-smart) TracFone.  If you're a TracFone user and you haven't given a smartphone a try yet... now is the time!  You'll love this phone!

Great phone, except reception in some locations which no coverage has been established yet, once this problem is fixed it shouldreceive a 5 star rating, my LG 840 had a wider range of reception than the Samsung.

This phone is perfect for me. Needed some help in setting it up because I am older and technically challenged. If you need help with any new technology, ask a kid.  They know how everything works!  So my grandson set it up for me and paired it with my car and I am good to go.  Very happy with this phone.  Just wish it showed &#34;minutes remaining&#34; on the home screen but I'll figure it out.  Unlike my other LG flip phone, it works everywhere. Good phone for someone like me who isn't constantly on the phone.  I love it!

This isn't primarily a review of the phone, but rather the smart phone service Tracfone offers with it (although this is the model that I bought). I have never used a smart phone, but I have no complaints about this one, other than that it occasionally drops the wifi and has to be restarted. Turning off 3G when you don't need it greatly extends the battery life and ensures that you won't accidentally use data when you don't intend to. This phone doesn't display minutes or your service end date, as others have mentioned, but if you go to the Google Play store, there's an app you can download that will fetch that info from the Tracfone web site.When I went to add a 1-year card to this phone, I learned that Tracfone is not honoring promotional codes for smart phones. If you are upgrading from an existing triple-minute phone, I suggest that you add any air time and promotional code to your old phone before activating the new one, then transfer the number and minutes over. Also, if you're using more than 100 minutes/month, consider buying a 400-minute 1-year card on their web site and taking advantage of the offer to buy an extra 400 (i.e., 1200) minutes for $25 before you transfer service to the new phone. You can't get this offer if you add minutes from a store-bought card, and I don't know whether you can get it if you add minutes directly from the phone (I never tried to). I also don't know if they offer this option with a smart phone, as they have different offers for different types of phones.The other, more important issue that I didn't understand when I bought the phone (since this smart phone program is brand new) is that when you buy minutes for a smart phone, they go into 3 "buckets." For example, a 400-minute card would give you 1200 minutes of talk, 1200 texts, and 1.2 GB of data. In a way, this is an advantage - you're getting 3 services for the same money. However, a problem arises if you use a lot more of one service than another, since you can't fill the "buckets" individually. For example, you could be forced to buy more minutes for all 3 buckets after sending/receiving only 1200 texts, whereas on a regular Tracfone, you could have sent up to 4000 texts for the same money.P.S. I just noticed on the inside of the phone packaging that you can add data to the smart phones separately from other minutes - but not texts. 2 GB costs $50 (does not triple).

Purchased this phone ONLY for emergency and contact with my wife.  She's forced me...lol.  But anyway, had no problems activating it (although I think the tracfone tech are VERY out of this country...but that's another nightmare story).Got used to adding apps, making folders, blah, blah, blah.  Love the fact I can use the Wi-Fi without charging my minutes for the data/web thing.  Nice feature on most phone now-a-days.The other day I tried using the Bluetooth (used it before) and this one morning it didn't kick in.  Weird.  That evening, I tried it again and it worked.  Go figure.Purchased a cheapy case and screen protector, and I actually feel this set up can handle a modicum amount of moisture and bumps, although I'm  not going to test that.Plugged in a headset and listened to freeby music downloads.  Nice quality though the headset, but like all small speakers, the phone itself is what it is.Settings seem to be adequate and to tell you the truth, I actually like this phone.Verizon works best in our area (part of the nightmare story) so after a very lengthy run-around with Tracfone tech support who told me the other phone I purchased (and after changing the sim card) told me T-Mobile didn't work at my location.  DOPE for them...so...this phone was compatible with Verizon towers (make sure  you get the right phone and do your research before buying any service).Anyway...more pabulum for ya...after activating the phone, the tech told me to make a call...so I went to the worst location in the house, and low and behold, I ACTULLY GOT MY SIGNAL!Also, I purchased this phone with triple minutes...yeah me...I'm a cheepy!  Started with the 90 minute plan...that's three times minutes, text AND data and so far I'm under 10 bucks a month, and if the phone behaves, I'll get the year plan that'll bring the cost per month even lower.In the event the phone does poop somewhere down the line, I would probably get another one and transfer the minutes.Like I said, it's really only for my wife to contact me and vice versa.  All other calls are ignored (as everyone who knows me can call me at home...right?). There are other plans and services out there for pay as you go (Straight Talk, Net 10 etc...), but this one fits me perfectly.  Like I said before, do some research, call the company(s) before you make your purchase to insure you have coverage and hopefully that will reduce your headaches.I HAVE to give this phone a 5'er.  I can give you the nightmare stories with tracfone techs, but this is about the phone.  The vendor (I didn't get this from tracfone site)was gracious as I first purchased the wrong phone, and again, that's another story.

For the most part, I'm happy with the phone.  It does everything I need it to, but the cellular reception is really bad.  That's kind of important, so I docked 2 stars from it.  To put it in perspective, I held it next to the phone I was replacing, the LG 800g, and the LG had full bars, but this phone only had 2.  If you need good signal all the time, avoid this phone.

I purchased one of these phones and had it for about three months then it just  stopped working. I sent it back in for a replacement and received a new phone within two days. We will see how long this ons works. If you do purchase this phony MAKE SURE you also purchase the protection plan.

Long story short: I dunked my old phone in my tea one day...tried upgrading to a Samsung Galaxy Centura, returned that and ended up with LG 840g. (My old phone was the 800g.)The Tracfone story..very abbreviated.After 14 days of no phone service, 8 phone calls to Tracfone customer service--(3 of them over a hour in length), 5 SIM card replacements, I finally had phone service again. I have been with Tracfone for over 9 years, and never had this kind of trouble before. Every customer service rep was courteous and helpful. But there were mistakes, and every mistake led to a new SIM card and more waiting to see if the phone would activate. I complicated the process, because when the Samsung had no service bars, I decided to change back to my old phone, and then to the new LG. In the end I have good reception in an area where other networks fail, I love my phone, Tracfone gave me 3 months and a thousand extra minutes. During this time I was home recuperating from knee surgery, so at least I had the landline to depend on.I actually did some research to change phone systems, but didn't find anything out there as economical. I have so many minutes on my phone, that it could spend hours and hours on it and never run out, so I guess I will stay with Tracfone in spite of it all. The problems with activation were not entirely the company, because I am sure I added to the confusion along the way. But we got it right in the end, and every rep I talked to was helpful, courteous and pleasant.The phone:Basic, easy to use. I like the touch screen for sending texts. It isn't as easy a touch as an iPhone screen, and I got a stylus to help me hit the small keypad. Not a good phone if you want to use it for email/Internet use. Photos are OK, but I prefer to use my iPad for most of my photo needs. Good choice of sounds, easy set up.

Assistance from Amazon, Samsung, and Tracfone (especially Tracfone and Samsung) was the worst I have ever received in my 71 years of life.  Those customer service representatives with whom I spoke we're lousy, uncooperative, incompetent, trifling, etc.  I was on the phone with the three companies from 4:00-6:34pm (twice with Amazon who ended up hanging up on me after putting me on hold for about 10 minutes; once with Tracfone after 25-30 minutes with rep; 47 minutes with Samsung who placed me on hold for 21 minutes and even after being on with him already for about 20 minutes -- I had to call the main number to ask the telephone department to hang up in order for me to get a dial tone from my landline, a call that had no closure).  Tracfone referred me to Amazon (from whom I purchased the phone; Amazon referred me to Samsung because &#34;Samsung is the manufacturer; and Samsung said they didn't manufacture the phone ( even though it's a Samsung Galaxy Centura) because Tracfone manufactured the phone.  I gave up when I tried Amazon once more and thought I had finally contacted a compassionate person who said she would call Samsung and talk to them while I was on hold.  After about 10 minutes, my telephone went dead; once more I was hung up on.  After more than one and a half hour, there was no closure to a simple request for three items, which were supposed to be in package, that I did not have.

I love this phone! It's my first Android and my favorite new toy.  I'm sure there's room for improvement but for the price, I won't complain.  Especially since it allowed me to continue my Tracfone service, transfer my old number and minutes, etc.

Love this phone, an android that doesn't have  to have the unlimited card. This one's thru Tracfone, but it's a cdma phone, which means it works off the Verizon network, great for me, there's a tower right behind my house. Use internet to check my mail.

Had to return the phone because TracFone's claim of coverage in our area wasn't valid. Worked fine with wifi, however.

We've only had this phone for less than a month but it's a bit ahead of our times.All this new technology is very useful but we will have to learn about it.We cannot judge the good and the bad any better than this until we get to use it more.

UPDATED REVIEW:Below is my original impression of this phone. I'd like to update my experience.  I would NOT recommend this phone.  Most of my phones have lasted about 2 years before I upgrade.  Effective immediately, I am shopping for a new phone after only 7 months.First, the most basic issue.  This phone sometimes slows down and stops responding AS A PHONE.  Never mind the internet and the apps, you can't make a simple phone call.  I regularly have to try for 10-15, even 30 minutes just to make a phone call.  Then, with all of my repeated attempts, all of a sudden I have several phone calls going AT ONCE to the same number.  Absolutely ridiculous.As far as the smartphone capabilities, it freezes up several times a day prompting me to restart it over and over.  Again, what should be quick, takes forever to do.  Sometimes it does work, but overall, the phone is extremely unreliable and not worth the trouble.I recently bought a ZTE Valet for my husband and my son.  I had to set it up for them.  My initial impression of that phone is that it's much better than the Samsung Galaxy Centura - better graphics, better usability, more convenient setup.  We'll see in the long run whether it's any better in terms of the user experience._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ORIGINAL REVIEW:This is my first smartphone and it is Tracfone, so I make no pretension of comparing it to an iPhone.  However, it is a good compromise for me.  It gives me all of the features that I want- access to email, web, Google, APPs, etc. - which sync with all of my other devices, without the high price of an expensive phone and a pricey data plan.  I have the data usage turned off and use wifi only, but the day that I am not within wifi range and need to use something using the data access, it's there as an option.  I just simply turn it on.  If you're just beginning to use smartphones, be aware that this phone takes some getting used to from the standard phone.  Sometimes this is not a good thing, like having to go through several screens to do something that you could have done with a button before.  But it also has it's advantages.Things I didn't like about this phone:  1) it couldn't import my contacts from my old phone.  The contacts come from Google, so you have to add all of your contacts to your Google account, then the phone syncs with that.  2) I don't care for the camera, though it's adequate.  The pictures are often blurry if there's any movement at all, and it doesn't have a button on the edge of the phone that you can easily find in a pinch.  The camera button is only on the screen, which is awkward if you're trying to do a selfie.  (It obviously does not have a flash or a two sided camera.)  3) You have to turn the data usage on to download picture messages.  You can't access these with wifi only.But in spite of these, I still think that this is a good deal, especially if you don't want to spend a fortune on your smartphone.

This phone does everything I need it to. I only pay 9.99 a month for my value plan and that is all I need. I have not had any major problems but one con was the power button is on the side and easy to press when the phone is in the pocket. The slide to unlock was too easy to slide when the phone was in my pocket resulting in my phone staying on. Change the slide unlock to passcode unlock to solve this issue.

It looked like a nice phone and I could use the WiFi at home but the signal was too weak to use in my house, even though it's supposed to work in my zip code.  Spent an hour and a half today with Tracfone support trying to get it to work, only to be told at the end that when they checked with Verizon, the carrier for this phone, their towers reach only one mile into our area!The Tracfone person I worked with did everything he could to get it to work but it just wasn't going to work.  I think Tracfone should take my zip off of their list and I'll tell them that but I just want to commend the person who tried to help me today.  I know they're usually reading from a book and when they put me on hold it's to see what else they can try, even if it's futile, but he was polite and apologetic and even though I have to return the phone, I appreciated the effort.I buy from Amazon often and their return policies keep me coming back.  I don't return things often but when I have to they make it very easy.  In this case I had to print up a packing slip and shipping instructions and Amazon set up a UPS pickup for me. That's it.I really would have loved to keep this phone but the trouble-shooting and return policy couldn't have been better.

I transfer my old Tracfone to this Samsung Centura on Oct 2, 2013. My original phone has 5010 minutes, end date is 09/13/2017.After transfering the phone number to the new phone, I got 5010 minutes, 5010 text messages, 914.00 Mb of Data.The Samsung Centura is good but not great, using price/performance, I would say more than good. I use Tracfone since 2007.My suggestion to use this phone economically, install Google voice and GrooVe IP Lite for voice call, LINE app for international message and voice, I can use these apps to make call on WiFi before I even activate the phone. If you are within WiFi at home or at work most of the time, you can use this phone for $100 a year.Pro : cheap entry level smart phone. Tracfone smart phone service is affordable, more value-added than traditional Tracfone service. will give 5 stars based on the proCon : no prepaid menu, need to go online to check remaining minutes, text and data. If you have problem, Tracfone customer service can be terrible. 1 star for the con

Nice features, not so much direction for use.  Tracfone not so good. Phone can be a real winner. Would buy again.

this is my first smart phone and it is well worth the money.  Fits nicely in your hand. Has easy to use instructions.  triple minutes, talk, text and data.  would recommend

I liked this phone when I bought it at $80. You can get at that price with a free $50 gift cart from a number of big box stores.

Read all the reviews Amazon had posted for this item.  Even thought I am very technically challenged I felt this might be what I was looking for.  I have not had a chance to learn about it as I have been down sick for awhile.  I have great expectations!

This product works fine, and it's inexpensive.  Importantly there's no bubbling when it's applied to the phone.  It's worth it.

BUYER BEWARE!!!THESE PHONE WILL NOT WORK IN ALL AREAS!!!  it will work in your home zipcode but outside iffy.  tracfone claims they dont have towers rented in some areas which can be a lot!buyer beware!!

Everything was fine with the phone and loading the card until I wanted to transfer my previous cell phone number to the Tracfone.If you want to transfer your number you need to buy MORE time, even if you don't need it.  Stupid, but true....I bought another card and was able to transfer my number on line.  Then I noticed I had Lost the 400 minutes that were already on the phone. I called the customer service number that another person had used and it worked! They got back my old minutes and my new minutes.Here is the magic customer service number to call: 1-800-323-2366...Good Luck!

This is my first smart phone and so far I am very satisfied.The display area is fairly large and easy to read my email. I haven't activated the tracfone part yet (just using it for wi-fi purposes) - hope that will be equally as enjoyable.

This phone is performing well.  We use it with TracFone and use mostly WIFI for data.  It does a good job.  It would be nice if it had an LED flash for the camera though.

When all is said and done , it'll probably be fine , but getting there has not been a walk in the park. Downloaded the manual , 326 pages . yeah , for a cell phone . One of the worst user manuals I have ever seen . We've spent hours trying to decode and get comfortable with this thing , and maybe someday we will . If I had it to do over again , .. not sure I would .

This is a great phone and really great price. Much better than my old Tracfone. All features work well and any problem a quick call to either Tracfone or Samsung fixed the problem.
