
I upgraded from the original Samsung Galaxy Note to the Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900) 3 weeks ago.  The first thing that I noticed was the significant improvement in battery life. With moderate use, I can easily use the phone all day before needing to charge it.  The UI is very responsive (my phone arrive with KitKat already installed).  I bought the unlocked version, and have had no problems using it on the T-Mobile network, and have enjoyed 4G speeds everywhere around my house and my work.  The reception has been very good and has not dropped any calls or caused other problems.  The camera and IR blaster work well.  I planning to install an external SD card, but could not find the slot.  This phone does have an external SD card slot -- it is stacked on top of the SIM card slot, so it is easy to miss.  Overall, I have been very happy with the phone and would buy it again.

I bought this item on Amazon Marketplace through Mercate Group and the packaging arrived with a label peeled off - and this was the label about EU/EEA SIM restrictions. When I tried to post feedback on the seller it was deleted by the seller inappropriately. I have spent one month trying to get the feedback restored without success.The phone is a good phone but buy it somewhere other than Amazon Marketplace as it is a specialised product and the region restrictions on the SIM card are an important factor and you should buy from somewhere that does a better job with its marketplace.

Let me start by saying that I absolutely love this device. I was scared at first with the reviews that I have read online about the device being region locked, but when I got the device I was able to set it up without any hassle. The features are just amazing-- there is little to no lag on this device. A few people would be put off by the size, but I don't find it to be a problem... I went from a Blackberry z10 to this and when I hold my Blackberry again it feels so weird in my hands because I am already accustomed to this device. The seller shipped the item on time and I am really pleased with it. Would recommend this device to anyone. It's just amazing!!!

This phone did exceed my expectations. I was afraid it may be over sized or bulky in my hands, but you can easily fit it in your pocket and sit comfy. It does have a a LOAD of apps and goodies with truly lightning speed. I live in Egypt and thought I may encounter network provider issues when I receive it, gladly none of that  happened.

love it&#65292;will buy it again

Awesome smart phone!!It's my first smart phone and I'm so satisfied.I love this kinds of big screen.Wifi and GPS also are good!!

very fast and item was original. it meets my demand and been perfect since i starting using it. hope it will continue being good.

The cell phone is good as advertised except the calendar in the app section which in Arabic can not be deleted. Seller did not keep promise to answer me how to change it back to English or have it delete it.

Great phone....screen cracks easier than an egg.This phone has features Steve Jobs would dream of having on their inferior product.However, the screen on the iPhone has taken pretty good whacks and remained intact.This one, minor bumbs will crack it.Mine dropped from 3 feet high and the entire screen shattered.I had the Galaxy S before this and dropped it a dozen times in 3 years. It was even run over by a car and the screen didn't crack.(I am not kidding.)Be sure to buy an insurance plan with it which will ultimately make your $700 phone cost $940 over 2 years and if you file a claim, the deductible is $175.00 which then makes your phone cost $1145.Shame on you Samsung for using inferior parts in your phone.Also, the phone is VERY heavy.Hope this helps.Good Luck

Update on 11-18-2013: Sprint had issues for initial couple of weeks and they fixed through a patch. It is working fine for past one month. I would like to thank exceptional customer service from Sprint especially letting me change the device for 3 times. I am having a terrific experience with this Escalade (phone) and I am changing the rating to 5 stars.Update in October: It looks like it is my US Carrier related issue expressed by many - I am changing my rating to 4(I wish Samsung invested bit more into the speaker & Camera cover) and tested thoroughly in the LTE/CDMA network.This is a cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me device as long as it works as a phone in LTE network.I am an early adaptor of Smartphone's and bought first Note 3 on the launching day (in USA on 4th). But after having terrible phone connectivity issues, I replaced the first one on Monday (October 7th).  But unfortunately I am still having issues with the 2nd one too with dropped calls (my S3 shows all bars - Note 3 shows 2/3 bars and getting disconnected/ having trouble in making the calls).After further experimenting, I noticed the issue is with the LTE/CDMA mode(even in Auto mode). If I am making the calls in CDMA mode, it works perfectly like the S3. I hope it is a correctable software bug than a hardware issue (if so only in my batch). I dealt with my provider support and they were helpless - I would like to thank them for giving me the opportunity to return it again and treating me as a valuable customer.I felt Samsung also need address:* Camera/LED cover is coming off when I remove the back (battery) cover - it is hitched by 4 pin hook and I need to be extremely careful with delicate hooks* I felt the S3 speaker was way better & louder than this EscaladeAgain it is a fantastic device and hope they will fix the bug/hardware issue. When they fix it, I will change it my score

It just as advertise. The package came in very short time. I wanted to take to India and gift it to my friend, so worried if it will work there or not. But it worked without any problem.

I am happy for buying this item.it was good price and good quality.i do not know what i should write more.

This is the best phone I've purchased so far. The package arrived as described and when it was supposed to.

though I didn't try a sim card yet, but works perfectly with apps and wifi and other featurestotally satisfied with this device .love it allwould recommend it to friends ^_^

The seller failed to disclose that the phone would be ineligible for the manufacturer's warranty.  I discovered this only after calling Samsung to try and register the phone.  After many, many hours of wrangling on the phone with Samsung & Amazon, Amazon finally agreed to assume responsibility for the warranty.

I realy enjoy this phone we have more than expected. Will recommand this unit to all my friends.... Top notch

I have it for 4 months and the screen is totally black , I pass the 90 days piriod and no returns

Your ad doesn't state that you can't use it for sprint or other major companies !!So I sent it back and was mislead by you saying the phone is unlocked and therefore usable

Samsung has limited this device in a few very annoying ways- it's not really sim unlocked, sim cards from a different region won't work, so you can't insert a local sim on a trip or when you move abroad- if you flash it you burn a fuse and loose all warranty. Imagine a windows pc voiding your warranty if you install linux!- it with tons of preloaded apps. A nice extra to some, bloatware to many. As of the Note 3, most these apps can't be disabled. Rooting your phone and freezing them is the only way to get rid of them. But then you bump into the previous issue

this friend  me I sold was a samsung note 3 n9006 ...this a clone ... I pay was by the samsung note 3 n9000 473.90 $ .....l am of venezuela ....

i just returned the phone. the model is N900 not N9000 as advertized and it has a sticker that says its locked for American sim cards only. this is a ripoff. seller is doing false advertising. i wouldnt buy from them. i tried buying unlcked blackberry phones from them before same thing happened. dont buy from this seller. Amazon should remove them.

My son loved this phone very happy

i ordered Samsung Galaxy Note 3 III N9000 32gb and got a NOTE N900 instead. The shipment was on time, would have been nicer if i got the right product.

Good

I am comparing with note 2 with original 3100mah.Note 3 has better screen and bigger battery (3200mah). more processor, more ram... that drains a lot.  note 3's battery life can be little shorter, but not that much. My phone is allways in power saver mode. I always turn off the gps if i do not use it. i always use my screen at very low light. Do not run so many apps at same time. I love the design. s pen is very good. but my main purpose was the battery life. I may buy note 2 one more time or wait for note 4.

Wonderful phone because it is a hybrid between a phone and a small tablet.  All essential items were included as advertised.

Great phone

Good picture quality, simple setup. Exactly what I expected and what I got. Deivery was flawless and phone arrived promptly.

Its a lovely phone, phablet whatever you want to call it. It could be premium build for its coast but there may be reason for that. Compare to the competition, it let them behind. the new release iPhone 5s don't even shake me. Small screen, the same design from last year. to be honest i don't see why people make them self a fool by getting crazy for it. The new Lg is a good phone but where is the battery removal, same for HT C one, with a 4.7 screen. THE SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3 is not perfect like any else but it balance size software and usability, that make it a hot cake phone for whom who really want some thing you can use for almost everything on the go.This phone has a outstanding battery life. I got the since Saturday, Oct 5 I charged just one as I am typing this Tuesday, October 8. it still 35%. I did lot on it.

With normal usage (no games) the battery will go for 15 hours or so...With gaming usage the battery will run out in 4 to 6 hours depending on the game...You will need like 1 week to get used to the big screen size but once you get used to it all the other phones will look like toys in size and power.

I was promised a unluck phone when I got the phone it wasn't on lock for the more it was a CDMA phone that can't work like gsm so had to return it no good to me I'm sorry baught it

Is great!!!

Nice

I am in LOVE with my phone. I don't ever think there will be another phone like this! For all who are contemplating on buying a Galaxy Note 3 don't, Just BUY IT. It will change your life.

As with most international phones, language conversion can produce a slight hiccup in some aspects of text and voice.  Nearly all modes can function in US English by simply going into language settings and selecting the appropriate language.  My phone appears to have been designed for the French market.  Its language function has been changed to US English with the exception of the drive mode which still produces text and voice announcements in French.  I downloaded the higher quality US language file from Samsung, but the drive mode still produces French chatter.  A scouring of You Tube for solutions was no help.  I have contacted Mega Mobile (the phone distributer) to find out if they have a solution.  However, the phone is beautiful and is heads and shoulders above my previous phone.  If the drive mode language is hardwired into the phone, maybe that will spur me to learn a new language.

Umm~

I wanted to give this phone a 4-star rating, but on a second thought I decided to downgrade it to a 3-star rating. The model of the phone that I have is N900T (black).No doubt the phone is great and loaded with a lot of bells and whistles. In the end though, the fundamentals of a smartphone must take preeminence. By the fundamentals of a smartphone, I mean the following.1. Call qualities, setting options, and features.2. Messaging of all sorts, including emails, SMS/MMS, social networks, and other messengers - setting options and features.3. Web-browsing, including choice of browsers, setting options, and features.4. Camera, including still images and videos - qualities, setting options, and features5. Seamless integration of the above and smoothness of operation.6. BATTERY LIFE!!!!!1. Samsung did a very good job with the call aspect of the phone. But the options they have for call rejection is still very rudimentary. I have resorted to more full-featured third party applications to do that for me. I expected Samsung to make this feature more robust and include options like blacklist, white-list, scheduling when to begin and end call rejection, the option to include or exclude any group of contact/numbers in auto-reject mode, the option to use matching criteria when activating call rejection, the option to automatically send an SMS to a caller when the phone is in auto-reject mode - just to name a few.2. There is a lot you can do with the features provided in the messaging app for SMS/MMS. But I use Go-SMS Pro more often as that seems to be more feature-loaded. It will be too much to list all the details of how certain third party messaging apps trump the stock SMS messaging app on the Note 3, but at the very least I expected that this phone will have the option of a popup window for new message notifications. That way, you can send a reply right away without going into the messaging app first. We could also have the option to create private folders and have any SMS/MMS of our choice tucked away from the eyes of the public, only accessible via a pass-code pf some sort.3. My favorite browsers have been Chrome and Dolphin. The stock Samsung browser is good, but it has some catching up to do. Thankfully, Chrome is native to the phone.4. The camera of the phone is one of the best you can find on a smartphone. But it lags behind in many respects: image stabilization; shutter time (I think the Iphone still has the fastest shutter time of all phone cameras that I've seen), 13 megapixel at a time when the minimum standard is 16 megapixel (and Nokia already has phone cameras with upwards of 20 megapixel), and low-light performance.5. Integration of all parts and functions of the phone is seamless. No complaints about that. But the occasional freezing, overheating, and lag is inexcusable for a phone with 3GB of RAM and a quad-core Snapdragon 800 processor clocked at 2.3Ghz. With respect to smooth operation, I found my Galaxy Note 2 to be of better performance.6. You would think that with a 3200mAh battery, the note 3 would out-last the Note  2 in battery life; but in reality, the Note 2 does better. For the life of me, I don't understand why I should turn off all the features that make the Note 3 a smartphone just to make the battery last all day. Why should I sacrifice performance and state-of-the-art functionality just to make my phone's battery life last all day? I've read reviews in which people have bragged about how eternal the Note 3 battery life is; and now I ask myself: have they been talking about the Note 3 or something else? I have a lot of power-consuming features disabled on my Note 3 and it still cannot match the Note 2 when it comes to battery life. This aspect of the phone is indeed disappointing. I think a two-prong approach is required here to fix this now or in the future: software optimization and a bigger battery. There is a 6400mAh after-market battery available for the Note 3; why didn't Samsung give us this or something close to it to begin with? It would not be an earthshaking step-forward for Samsung to take. I buy a smartphone for its features and it is silly for Samsung to expect me to furn off the features that attracted me to the phone just to make the battery last. Indeed no phone may be called a smartphone if its battery can't last all day while using the features that ought to make the phone smart.The other aspects of the phone such as Smart Stay, Smart Scroll, and Smart Pause are really in the alpha/beta stage of development. Samsung needs to work on those. At best, their performance is unreliable and very hiccupy.Now, don't give me the meaningless rebuttal I often hear: it's an android phone; you can app it up and use any aftermarket battery of your choice; you can even root it and do whatever you like with it. True, but this is no excuse for Samsung not to make ths nearly $800 device completely topnotch through and through.Having said the foregoing, I should reluctantly submit that this phone truly deserves to be called the best smartphone on earth today. It's hardware specs are topnotch; no other phone has up to half of the plethora of bells and whistles with which Samsung has blessed this phone; the S-pen and its associated apps and functions are another awesome set of packages, not to mention the phone's capacity for 4K video recording. Then you have the provision for a micro-SD card and a removable battery. The phone is equipped with USB 3.0, Bluetooth 4.0, and IR capability for controlling your TV. Lest I forget the number one attraction for me; the screen is gorgeously massive. You already know that and you also know it runs android 4.3.

The best phone in 20 years. So I use my phone for work and fun. had many over the years. Went shopping for a new tablet since gen 1 i pad went south. Found the Note 3. ok it is bigger, but half the size of I pad mini. it does everything a tablet would do but fits in your pocket, sometimes.one great feature is the S note pad, you can takes notes and insert pcitures at lectures or other places and print later. different stationary too included.The battery life is amazing. I start at 6 am and plug it in abut 5 pm, charges quick and ready to keep going. and I do use it, play Pandora or double twist search internet, and a hose of other uses and the battery life hangs in there. My Droid MAXX was good but this is super!there is no other phone out there that can come close not even the Apple stuff.

Excellent device.Only negative feature was the regional lock which took a while till we got the correct person at Samsung to get us the PIN to open it.

Its great to use ......

The phone arrived much sooner than expected and was in perfect condition. I had no problems getting it operational even though we have a small privately owned phone company. The phone is wonderful in its speed and the screen is as close to 3d as you can get without actually being 3d. I love it. Thank you amazon for offering such a product at such a great price.

Amazing phone, works everywhere! I was scared about the international unlock but its a lie.... im using it in south america now. With a local sim card

Excelente telefono

...Piece of s***...keeps re-booting on it's own. Reboots instead of closing. Reboots onscreen swipe. After power on switch, lock screen does not allow access...have to reboot instead. Insurance company wants $200 to replace it. Have to drive 40 miles to repair shop...won't be compensated for my time or gas!My carrier replaced the phone for free. The new phone is working good.

I have had the Note 3 for about a week now. It is a great phone, but it has a giant problem; you cannot put it in your pocket or bag without turning it on. Not only is the big home button not recessed, but it sticks up. This will seriously drain your battery and cause the phone to heat-up in your pocket.Worse yet, if you turn off the lock screen, when the home button gets pressed it will run apps, dial phone numbers, enable the phone, etc. etc. etc. One guy's phone kept dialing 911.Battery life will be significantly reduced each time the home button is inadvertently pressed. This can literally keep your phone on for the entire day if you move around. Some users have purchased cases that snap onto your belt to fix this problem. Some of the cases have the same problem when the phone is snapped-in or the lid is flipped over it. This problem really sucks!I tried to send an email to Samsung, but their website will not let you drill down far enough to submit a request for tech support. What is that all about? I finally was able to contact a person through their chat feature, but they simply said that there is no fix. The person said that she would route my problem to the engineers.There actually is a very simple fix that is posted on the internet, but it requires rooting the phone. There is one file that has a line with the word "wake" in it for the home button. If you take the word out, it is fixed. It is so simple, it is ridiculous. Why hasn't Samsung fixed this with a simple settings parameter? The problem started with the Note 2. I will not root my phone and void my warranty. Actually, I am seriously considering returning my phone within the 14 day trial period.If you can live with your phone being on most of the time, or can find a case that does not hit this button, then the phone is great.

I love the Samsung Note 3! I bought it unlocked so I have the freedom to choose a network. If one network starts to get a pain on the side to say it lightly, I can drop them in one second with no hesitation at all! All my orders arrived on the same day ---the phone and case. They had the best price too! Amazon.com is my new favorite go-to online store now.

The item I got is a fake. I took it to best buy and the samsung inspector said it was a fake. The s pen is plastic and wont work and doesn't fit the note 3 display model at best buy. I got scamed.

I have searched to purchased a big size of screen for phone and Internet function. After purchasing this one, I use it all time and use the computer less and less. The price is good and delivery time is good too.

The phone is defective. I called Samsung as instructed by the seller, but it doesn't solve the problem, the device gets frozen constantly, I have not been able to use it. Even i did factory resets often, it keepps frozen often. I loose my photos, contacts, and downloads all the time. The camera is jammed, says&#34; failed&#34; all the time. I am not satisfied with this product at all.

The samsung galaxy note 3 is one of the best smart phone I ever used. Everything is just great.I'll give it 5 Rating at this point

NOTE: I lowered my rating from 5 stars.  Samsung gets 0 stars, the phone gets 5 stars.The Note 3 is an awesome phone, but customers should be upset over  the SIMM lock on it, and NOT get this N9000 model.  This international version is not for US users or even US users who travel.If you are not a traveler forget the comments about it being region/SIMM locked, but you should buy the phone for your carrier.I still say 99.999% of all people who get the Note 3 could not care less if the international version is region locked.  However, this model, if you expect to use it in other countries has resulted in a thousand problems, literally. The phone is neutral but when it is activated the SIMM locks in the region and you cannot use it elsewhere.  Do not think "unlocked" means you have magical usage.  There is NO universal phone (except for spies), although some phones use other country SIMM cards -- but not this one!  I get a US carrier phone, travel internationally, and keep my phone in airplane mode and use WIFI or get a phone card.Do a search for XDA-Developers dot com, and go to the site.  (I do not want the link to get deleted) this is where the big boys and girls hang.Type in Galaxy Note 3 in the field for the phone you desire.In the Forums, go to galaxy note 3 general.Search down the page to the thread "SIMM restrictions on unlocked European Note 3."  This thread has over 1300 posts.  Yes this is a big problem.Read the first half dozen pages and the last 10 pages, but also check especially posts 1041 through 1044, and pages 117 and 18.This phone is the international or European version, notice the N9000 number. It was released 2-3 weeks prior to the US versions, it is NOT LTE it is 3G; it has a different CPU -the Samsung Exynos 5 processor, not the Qualcom Snapdragon 800. US residents should not get it.  We need to get a phone activated for our respective carriers, which changes the last digit of the number. Search Amazon for the Note 3 with your carrier.  Notice the different last digit.Amazon may be confusing people by not listing the phone for what it really is and they need to change that in the title of the phone.  Their black version does say 'International" in the title and so should this one.Now, down to business.First, I am not affiliated with Samsung in any way, nor do I work for a cell phone store.  I am a writer though.Secondly, I hate long reviews where the poster just reports the specs you already have.  Rather, these comments show why the Galaxy Note 3 is more technologically advanced, and more phone for your money, compared to the many good phones on the market today, and the not so good phones, like the cave phone (that's what I call it) that does nothing.1.  The beautiful  5.7" Super Amoled HD display has a "Wow!"  factor.  Everything is crisp and clear with a resolution of 1920 x 1080P, 386 PPI.  Despite a few good contenders, no phone on the market can match the combination of vibrant color, and deep blacks.  Check it out for yourself.  For those who prefer drab, you can even adjust color intensity and contrast.Is this practical?  You bet.  You get more viewable data for all social networking apps;  you can see more email and contacts without scrolling; browsing is quick and pages more visible; YouTubes and video are fantastic; games are more playable; you can see larger areas on GPS maps;  you get a better view of radar in weather; (live) wallpapers look great; you can use it as a reader; you can multitask with it; and with the right productivity apps you can even get some work done on it.  I will never go back to a small screen phone.2.  The CPU in the N9000 is the  Exynos 5 Octa 5420 which actually uses two quad core CPUs -- Quad-core 1.9 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7.The CPU on the other versions based on the N9005 and N9002 and their carrier varients(which change the last digit of the model number to A, V, T, etc., per carrier) sold in the USA and elsewhere, is the quad core Qualcomm snapdragon 800 @ 2.3, which is the fastest processor on the planet as of this time, and is slightly faster than the Exynos 5.  A few other phones have it.Either version performs with remarkable speed, and will do so for years to come.3.  The N9000 uses the Mali-T628 MP6 GPU, and it is impressively fast. The N9005 and N9002 units and their carrier varients use the Adreno 330 GPU which is slightly better than the Mali-T628 and is the best on the market as of this date.  It is 50% faster than the Adreno 320 in the Galaxy S4 which is a screamer.  A few other phones use these processors.4.  It's the only phone to come with 3 GB of DDR 3 RAM.  It also comes standard with 32 gigs of storage  and you can add more with an SD card.  Note: No extra charges for these!5.  It has a great 13 megapixel camera with useful software, a BSI Sensor, Smart Digital Stabilization and high CRI LED.  Very few phones have this.  It is also the only phone to  do 4K video right now - sharp!6.  No other phone has USB 3.0.  2 advantages: the phone charges very quickly on the 2 amp charger and nice thick cable.  File transfer times are faster.  With USB 3.0, a 2 gig file takes 27 seconds from the Note 3 to my (high end) PC.  With USB 2.0 the same file takes 57 seconds.7.  How many phones have an S Pen?  Except for email and quick notes, I seldom used the S Pen on my original Galaxy Note, but the Note 3 comes with some useful software making it more functional,  and the handwriting recognition is scary accurate.8.  How many phones have a huge 3200 mA battery?  It easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use despite the large screen.  Hardware and software improvements make the 100 mA bump over the Note 2 even more significant.  You can also open the back and change out the battery - unlike some phones.9.  It does infrared remote control.  It also has TV-out (via MHL  A/V link),  Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, and gesture sensor.  I'm serious people, you get more for your money.10.  Hello multitasking!  The fast CPU & GPU, extra memory, and high-resolution 5.7 inch screen make multitasking feasible and fun on a cell phone.  You can even scroll through multiple applications in each split screen.  This is even better if you hook up a keyboard and mouse via Bluetooth or USB, and connect through HDMI to your TV or computer monitor.  The Note 3 can actually serve as a small computer.  How many phones can do that?  You can also mirror the phone screen with your smart TV for internet, games, viewing pics, whatever.11.  This the best cell phone for gaming on the market , period.  The above features and OpenGL 3.0 which is part of Android 4.3 make it happen.  Don't believe me?  Read the reviews, watch the you tubes, and compared it for yourself.12.  It doesn't just have GPS, it also uses A GPS (improved), and Glonass Satellites.  DL a GPS satellite app, and you'll see it will access between 5 and 25 satellites at once depending on time of day and location.13.  Got Knox?  No, you don't.  This phone provides business enterprise, and government level security for boot, VPN, etc., and comes in handy for privacy on public Wi-Fi.  You don't have to use it, but it is there.14.  The air command and air gesture features make the phone futuristic.  How many phones do that?15.  Is the screen too large for one handed operation?  Yes, but so what?  The tradeoff is worth it.  Besides, Samsung now includes software to shrink it for one-handed so you get the best of both worlds.There are 3 things that Samsung needs to improve in my opinion.  I don't know how many thousands of people need to tell them that putting the volume rockers directly opposite the power button is inconvenient  for users.  The Note 2 placement was better but still wrong.  (I do like the new speaker placement though.  Its perfect for horizontal viewing because your hand channels the sound to the user).This phone should also be waterproof right out-of-the-box.  Not a scaled-down version, just waterproof the thing.  Other manufacturers are doing it for their flagship phones.  That means Samsung can do it too.  Truth be known, we users never want to see another flagship phone that is not waterproof.  It's doable, so please do it.  Smoke it with that nano-whatever  waterproofing stuff.  You went to CES.  (Oh, and S voice is still sorry, use Google voice)The speaker is plenty loud and similar to other smart phones, but it is not at all impressive like the rest of the phone.  IN fact, the sound is tinny.  Head phones sound fantastic though, so Samsung needs a better speaker in this phone.All that said, I'm very, very, happy with the Note 3.  IMHO the Note 3 is so powerful and functional, it is the first device I would classify as a hand held computer.  As a professor, I researched it for days and used the original Galaxy Note for over a year now.  There are other good phones, but the Note 3 does it in one package, and in almost all cases does it better,  for the same flag-ship- phone price.  I feel sorry for the fanboys and people believing advertising  hype who don't research the market.  They pay top dollar but don't get their money's worth.  Amazon is a great place to get your money's worth and to find out user information.  Thanks Amazon.Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention, it's a really good phone too.

Having had multiple Apple phones, Ipods, etc, I was very hesitant to "jump ship". Well, all I can say is the water is fine..:-) This phone is by far above the "Isnob" rhetoric. Like everyone else, I bragged about my Iphone. And the Iphone is a great phone. But I think Apple is "too reserved AKA Blackberry) to take a few risks. They could probably make a big dent in the national debt with their profits. Blackberry shunned and lol at Apple and a few others, and now people say, "Black what"? The Note 3 has all the bells and whistles. Yes, it's big..but isn't that what the person that buys it knows? Beautiful screen, quad core processor, and now since I have had the phone, it seems that the io7 update (on my Iphone 4s) incorporated a lot of Note 3 features. Hmmm..?Bottom line, after a real brief learning curve, I think you're going to like it! (Waving good bye at Apple..)..:-)

i have a questionIm live in USA but my home town is in asia side so my question is i can used any simI know it's unlocked but i wanna make sure so its gonna worked in USA and Asiathanks.

Samsung region-unlock this thing or I will be buying the xperia ultra in December....I do work overseas (american).. unlocked means unlocked..no restrictions no conditions,  Pay 700$ to be restricted??? whats the deal?

Region lock could not be avoided making it a brick.who makes a simlocked phone these days?returned it back.

Got it, set it up and it didn't work right, not sure why, I tried an ATT sim and a Verizon sim, neither worked?  was not happy and returned it, went to ATT bought a new there and it works great.

It's fast, amazing screen resolution, one of the best cameras in the market, Android OS with Samsung UI get along really well, and the S-Pen interacction with the phone is really good, you can't go wrong with this phone, i highly recommend it.

If you want a large phone, this is it. The perfect cross between a tablet and a phone. For daily use on the go, there is nothing better on the market. However, I didn't give it all five stars because there are some occasional bugs that can cause freezes.

This phone is absolutely amazing, but I warn that it is almost too big to be a phone and too small to be a tablet.  It will take a little bit of getting used to at first, but soon you will look at all other phones as ridiculously small.

So far i really like this phone. About the sim card i just went to my int provider and they gave me a tiny sim that could get inside. It is really fast and also the flash of the camera is good. It is pretty big, but i like that. Tottally recommended.

This is not an unlocked phone. As soon as I insert my SIM card, it is asking for a SIM unlock code. I am extremely unhappy with DBroth and Amazon.

I had the Note 2 and my wife wanted it Bad, so I gave it to her. I Purchased the Note 3 and as expected, it was even Greater than the Note 2. Samsung seems to know everything you want in a Phone and Installs it. From the Larger Longer Battery Life to the much improved voice clarity on the phone calls. The software is fantastic and intuitive. The larger screen is fantastic. It isn't to much bigger than the note 2. The Phone is Lightning Fast with 32 mb of onboard memory and an SD card for expansion. This is what every phone should have in it. The new USB 3.0 Connection cord is great and you can still plug the old Micro Charger into it. I could go on and on, but there is no need. ***JUST BUY IT*** You will Thank Yourself Later.

Phone intself is a 5 star. THIS IS THE N9000 which means no 4G capabilities. They are spouting nonsense in the answer section. I thought it was 4G capable because I read the answer section. Buy only if you can live on 3G slightly lower graphics and CPU.

I had been waiting for this phone to come out, as I have the original Note and like it. However, Samsung has decided that they will not sell this as a true unlocked phone. You cannot use sim cards in other regions of the world. Instead you have to pay roaming charges. I'm sure this helps Samsung somehow, but it doesn't help me. Why should I be locked into a regional sim on an "unlocked" phone for which I am expected to pay full cost? I am very disappointed and will be buying from some other manufacturer who is less hostile to their customers. Short-sighted, Samsung.

I returned the product because it wasn't what I had order. It was a counterfeit.

love it

I give this Item a 5 star rating. fist for its screen: 5.7in full HD Super AMOLEDProcessor: 2.3 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800RAM: 3GB of RAMStorage: 32/64GB plus microSD slot supporting up to 64GB cardsOperating system  Android 4.3 with Samsung TouchWizCamera: 13-megapixel rear camera, 2-megapixel front-facing cameraConnectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi (n/ac), NFC, Bluetooth 4.0 with BLE, IR and GPSDimensions: 151.2 x 79.2 x 8.3mmWeight: 168gvery light and easy to handle. it has a faster and easier way of texting which I love so much. Try this product, you wont regret it. Honestly I find nothing wrong with the product if you leave within the USA. I don't know about using it out of the USA and i Dont care...

The phone is exactly what I was looking for. Great battery life...light weight....cool apps.....Awesome experience. I would recommend this phone to everyone...

I like Samsung Galaxy Note 3 lll N900 Factory Unlocked International Version WHITE Color 32GB. It worth to get one.

The phone looks awesome and nicer than the add. I though it was bigger but is easy to handle and the back has a leather touch cover that makes it fancy!The only thing I really concern about is why the package arrive open without the cover that comes with all new products. I bought another Samsung phone with this order and the other comes with the proper hermetic plastic that wrap new products. I'm thinking about it because it is for a gift and I want it looks really new & unused!

very perfect n excellent buykeep up the good job..working perfectly.and in great condition. will buy more some day

great

Or big screen mobile phone use, the video is a much better than with a small screen mobile phone. nice

The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 III is perfection.  Small enough to be a phone and large enough to perform everyday tasks you would others wise do on a computer.  Its processing speed is fast and offers a number of features that you will appreciate. I chose white but there are others colors to chose from.

I Love this phone but unlocked phones doesn't work with all cell phone provider like Verizon or Sprint in my area.

Best phone ever and exactly what was advertised. Gsm uk edition. Works perfectly in both the US and Mexico. Might buy another for the wife. Lol

I bought this to use it in Costa Rica and payed full price. Why Samsung makes you pay full price if you can't use the note international. This is ridiculous just buy a different brand that is worth the money.

facebook was slow, improved performance later pheraps it was caching.

The charger is totally doesn't work.  I am not sure that the battery is not working or the charger is not working.I need to buyer a charger to test it out!

This phone is awesome! The Note 3 puts my iPhone to shame. It is SUPER fast - I have never before had a phone that was this fast. The screen is crystal clear, it sounds great and it does soooooo many things! I've had it just about a week and I'm still discovering all the things this phone is capable of doing. I absolutely love it. I don't travel overseas so the regional locking is not an issue for me. It works fine here in the U.S. I love that I can use my sim card from Straight Talk (with service from AT&T towers) and receive unlimited everything for $45/month. What's not to love? This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time. If you're on the fence about this phone, GET IT! You won't be sorry.
