
This phone SUCKS data like no other......I used 8gb the first month I had it!! I went back to the store and told them and to see why. The guy said there is no way you can use that much data unless your downloading movies and music. I showed him that I did none of that and I don't use it as much as my analog phone...he put in a trouble ticket.....This did nothing! They stated I'm using the data but cant show me where! I turn off cellular services and STILL go over.....I'd like to throw this phone against the wall.....Buyer beware....you'll be paying for data you dont use and it will cost you big bucks!! I have read this problem all over the internet. Why isn't something being done about it? Rip off

This phone still amazes me every time I use it. I this is worthy investment for someone who wants the apple product but cannot affort the more expensive model.

Good as new, great. I'm happy with my new iPhone &#128522;&#128522;&#128522;&#128522;. I have no complaints at all. I'm So thankful

I don't know if it was because the software wasn't updated but I was losing my contacts one by one. Other than that there isn't anything really different from the other iPhones except and bigger screen and it's thinner.

I love My yellow iphone 5c&#128155;&#128155;&#128155;....It arrived on time.

Overall the phone is excellent. The camera works so well for photos and videos.I love this phone, but the plastic really does have a cheap feel. I should have gone for 5S - but good enough.

I need to buy my phones online but this one was just a bad experience. I got the phone but invisible shield on it because I always protect my investment and when I turn it on to make a call the mall and charger speaker in the headset was vibrating. I thought it was just me before I had set the phone up and then put the invisible shield on but after the whole entire thing was just awful. I returned it the following day I didn't even wait or hesitated I went into a Best Buy mobile store and just walk and purchase the phone right away and make sure it works so I guess it's good for my felt something inside the store.

My cellphone works perfectly here in Venezuela, I recommend them 100%. My cellphone came complete and have all the accessories. I'm so happy with my purchase.

VERY NICE PRODUCT! I was afraid of giving so much money for it and not get good results but it really did not disappointed me. Delivery was accurate and working perfectly!

I choose a iphone 5C due to its performance that I heard it was very good.in fact, it achieved my expectations and recomend to anyone to buy an iphone 5C

Apple and the iPhone offer the cleanest yet most engaging and intuitive smartphone interface, period. Your daily communication becomes a desirable experience you can't wait to go through every day. For $100+ less than the iPhone 5s, this phone is a great deal.

Great phone!! love it.

it's a greatr phone, but in Movistar in Venezuela doesn't work well. I like the phone, it works very well in wifi.

It was what i expected! Thanks!

Phone was sold as new but did not arrive in a sealed new package box. Not even in a iPhone box. The headphone and the charger where not apple original products.

a good phone i hope nothing goes wrong with it .. i hear some people having problems with it ,,thank you

I upgraded to the iPhone 5c from the iPhone 4S. Here is my review from the perspective of this specific upgrade.Pros:1. Bigger screen and true 16:9 ratio2. Better resolution3. Higher picture quality4. Look. Multiple color options.5. Faster processor = better browsing experienceCons:1. Look. Not es elegant as the classic iPhones.2. Material feels cheaper (plastic). But that can be helped by adding a case.Overall:The pros outweight the cons and the phone is much more affordable than the higher end S model. If you plan on regularly upgrading your phone (you don't need the top of the line phone if you plan on getting a new one in a few months) or are limited financially, this is a wonderful phone.It does everything the top model 5S does and costs less.

Very nice product I love it my girl is so happy cuz the person who sold me the iphone include some extra cases and it give me the actual box with everything in it sometimes you buy stuff on the net and u don't get all

The pink color is a little orangish so it looks really cute. Make sure to protect the back of the phone, it's easy to get scratched.

I wanna address some of other peoples reviews on this product, especially the guy that said unlocked phones don't exist on apple anymore.Apple sells unlocked phones directly from their factory for GSM carriers. You're an idiot. Plain and simple. I don't even know how your review got posted, all of the negative reviews here don't add to the listing at all. Keep your ignorance to yourself.Anyways onto the review.I've had the phone for about a month now, I wanted to get the 5S and was saving for it but my 4S was stolen and so obviously I needed a phone fast.So I guess I'll list the pros and cons over my 4S.Pros:1.Cheaper at 99 dollars with a two year contract locked to a carrier.2. Nice color.3. Bigger screen is much welcomed.4. Faster chipset with the A6 chip is great.5. Camera is absolutely awesome.6. Battery life is great. After all day with my phone. I still had a half of battery left. Which is pretty good for a smartphone.Cons:1. Plastic construction may be a vulnerability and doesn't look as elegant.2. Accessory support really is limited for this phone. Which is heavily disappointing. Every accessory fits only the 5 and 5s. So be advised not many cases are out for this phone.In my opinion this is a great phone replacement for someone who wants an iphone but at a cheaper price. But if you have the money, I'd go with the 5S. Just because of the lack or accessory support for the 5C.EDIT 10/30/13: a commenter (Chow) mentioned that my review contains material from the carrier locked phone. And that it's widely unhelpful. At this point I would like to mention that the carrier locked phone and the unlocked phone are the EXACT same device. With the EXACT same functionality. The only difference being that one is unlocked to all GSM chipset carriers rather than being restricted to one. So even though I wrote the review on the fact that I own the carrier locked version, all the points stated in my review still are valid other than the change in price between the two.  Apple iPhones have the same basic components and same software regardless if they are carrier locked or not.-Tom-

I'm very happy to shop with Amazon.com I do recommend for everyone is the best site to shop with it:)

not only was locked but it was sprint the only operator that you cant unlock, guess i lost my money

I am reviewing the green iPhone c, which I currently just got a couple weeks ago. I got mine from Verizon for $150.00 with a two year contract. This phone doesn&#8217;t compare to any other phone I have ever had, I&#8217;m going to talk about how this phone compares to no other phone I have ever had and why it is so different. I&#8217;m going to explain that you can have the next new item with apple and not have to spend one whole check on the phone.My friend has the new iPhone 5s which is said to be better that the 5c, but there really isn&#8217;t a difference besides the touch to open. That is pretty cool but the 5c doesn&#8217;t everything exactly the same at one fourth the price. This is a great product for if you want to have the new hot item for not a lot of money, which who has $600 to throw around for the next big thing with apple. I really like how it is light weight and has a really clear screen, I feel like I am getting everything my phone can offer with having a screen that is big. As soon as I found out they had an iPhone is green I had to have one, it is my favorite color and it is so adorable. Green is my favorite color and it is not an ugly green like you are thinking.The down part about this phone is it is cheap, yes it is made out of plastic but you are going to put a case on it anyways why pay so much for a phone that you will just cover up any ways. If it is so cheap why do people keep buy it and it isn&#8217;t cheap just the back of the phone is cheap with its plastic back that is in all those pastel colors. I hate how they made one case that shows they back but it isn&#8217;t a really sturdy case so if you wanted a heavy duty case you would have to cover they color of your phone which is the main reason you wanted the colored iPhone. It is still soon they could still make more cases; that will show the back of the phone with its pretty colors.I have always had an android but my last one was the last straw, because everyone I know who has an android always has a problem eventually. Everyone I know that has a iPhone even if it&#8217;s an old iPhone they still work and have little to no problems. It all depends on how you take care of your phone. I hate when people say android is better oh but my phone can do this and this and this, but all phones do something different so you android lovers get over yourselves and realize that everyone phone is its own phone they can all do something cool and different. The battery life on the iPhone 5c is amazing I can be on my apps all day and still have battery life, my last phone I would open an app and my phone would go down to 50%. Apple isn&#8217;t perfect but they do have some really cool items and this happens to be one of them.This is the perfect phone for anyone who doesn&#8217;t want to spend a lot of money and wants to have the next new item with apple that is my advice to you. It is a great phone with the speed of the processor, the size of the screen, and most of all the battery life on the phone. It really is a great phone I would recommend it to anyone who has always wanted an apple phone and couldn&#8217;t afford it.

The product achieved my expectations. Arrived in good conditions im very satisfied. Its similar with the 5s but cheaper. Thanks

Overall the product is great.But here are some pros and cons.PRO'S1. Affordable2. Great colors3. Camera takes nice pictures4. Battery lasts a long time5. Has A6 chip which is great for what you are spending.CON'S1. Made from plastic2. Looks a little child like3. Not very elegantThe 5c is overall a great phone for a person who wants a smartphone and does not want to spend to much money.

All in perfect condictions

excellent buy, but unfortunately my phone never came to my hands, it was stolen in the customs of my country, I could never enjoy, I lost my $ 544.99, that unfortunate

The refurbished 5c is working very well, I like it!

This phone has exceeded my expectations.  I was worries the plastic case would make the phone seem cheap - I was wrong.  I do believe the plastic case is more likely to scratch than the 5S a good quality cover will solve that problem.  I do like the white color.  It looks fresh and clean.  It's a good looking phone.  I love Apple products and this is no exception.

The phone is great and works just as described. It seems like it was originally for Verizon or something but once you put a t mobile card in there it works great. No problems. great phone. Love it!!

The phone I recieved was basically brand new except no earphones which was okay , but the phone is great & I love it lol &#128588;&#128526;

Does everything ,easy to use love ios7 cool color.used android ,blackberry came back to apple it's supreme over any other.

This is the phone of the generation!i recently purchased this for my family (my 2 yr. old, my grandma, my self, my dad , and my dog( who is blind) )There are a lot of celebrities who have this phone, here is a list :MetallicaLinkin ParkDaughtryLed ZepplinAerosmithSkrillexLed ZepplinAc-DcDriversThe BeatlesDr.DreAnd i think Aerosmith.Thank You so muchI purchased this for Hanakuah.and i was so happy!

Seller advertised the iPhone 5c as &#34;BRAND NEW IN BOX WITH ALL SEALED ACCESSORIES &#34;;  however, the iPhone I received was NOT sealed in the box because there was no seal wrap on the box indicating it had been already opened.  The iPhone appeared to be new and is working without any issues and for that I gave a rating of 4...not &#34;sealed&#34; as advertised.  Everything else appeared to be in order.  It arrived within the time frame promised.

I receieved the i phone and it arrived in time for Chyristmas as a gift for my daughter, She is thrilled

I finally took the plunge after years of 'premium' Android phones and got an iPhone. I bought the iPhone 5C for cash, and got Applecare+.After about two weeks, the first iPhone's screen became unstuck from the rest of the phone, with a very pronounced clicking on the left hand side. I took it back to the Apple store and they 'reseated' the screen, but the problem came back after about a week. So back to the Apple store, where they replaced the phone. All a bit inconvenient, but no real harm done.Now pretty much the same thing is happening on the new phone. I'm careful with my phones and I've had it in the Apple branded plastic case the whole time. Frankly, I wish I never bought it and if I could get money back, but I can't see that happening.I don't know if this is a 5C thing, but the build quality on this phone is way below my expectations.Next time, I'll get a Samsung instead.

In my opinion that's OK my purchase, only i didn't have my needle to open my SIMCARD's space where i need to put my SIMCARD but thats ok. Thanks

Great phone! I love it! This phone is easy to use and it has great battery life. The phone is the perfect size to fit in my hand while still having plenty of screen size. Highly recommended.

Bought mine from At and t, and even though it was almost a month old, they allowed me to upgrade to an iPhone 5s which if you look closely, the 5s is made better, and the speakers at the bottom of the phone are amazingly different and better than the 5c.  was really disappointed, and went back to the store, because I didn't want this cheap phone anymore and certainly didn't want apple to send me a refurbished right after I just bought it brand new&#8230;

Buy the iphone 5c, you won't be dissapointed! Perfect design, excellent audio, minimialist look and just solid.And the best...Drop the S4 = Bye bye 500$Drop the HTC = Hello scratchesDrop the 5c = ... , did it fall?

I really love my 5c, it is easy to use and I really liked how I could get a color. The only downside is that I can never seem to find a case for it. I look around different stores and only find a few, and they are kind of over priced. But besides that the phone works great! I have had mine for about 6 months and it still works perfectly! If you keep it in good condition and don't drop it, you should be fine!

Plastic only got a small ding. Best iPhone yet, for durability. Gotta get otter box for super hero strength. Yeah buddy!

My Samsung Stratosphere II is a year old but now that a family member got an iPhone 5c, I can finally compare them.PROS:- iTunes music- most kids like to use FaceTime for videophone rather than Skype even though it's universal- Battery life increased from 8 hours to 10 hours but it's nowhere close to Samsung's 17 hours.- Most gadgets for smartphones have software for iPhone before Androids.CONS:- Can't surf on websites that show videos in the Flash format which is used on most websites.- Can't create speeddial icons to quickly call people by pressing an icon.  Instead, there's the clunky FAVORITES or use Siri (and wait for it to think and hope that it heard you correctly especially while I'm driving with the windows open creating sound interference)- The front of the phone doesn't have a place for me to leave a message like "If found, call 123-4567" so that someone can return it to me.- Retina screen is not as good as Samsung.  Samsung saves the #1 omoled screen technology for itself and sells #2 retina screens to Apple.- Can't easily copy files from pc to phone but have to go through iTunes and even that is limited to only a few types of files.  In other words, I can't use the iPhone as a $5 USB flash drive.- Glass screen is fragile compared to plastic android screen.- Because the screen is fragile, I have to buy a case for it which now makes it thicker and won't fit in phone holsters.- Lighting cord is stupid because I can't attach it to my car so that I can control via the car's head unit, docking stations, etc.- Can't install wifi hotspot software without paying monthly charges via phone carrier.- Can't have an extra battery or bigger battery (android phones can have bigger batteries up to 40 hours)- New battery replacements must be done by Apple at $130 whereas android batteries are $3 on Amazon and I can change a battery myself.- With an iPhone, I am without a phone while I send my phone out for a new battery.- Virtual keyboard does not have haptic feedback- No NFC chip to allow me to tap another phone to share/send a contact card or photos.- Virtual keyboard still not as good as physical keyboard, especially when it guesses what you're typing and misses the mark.- Can't expand the memory by buying a $10 micro SD card.- Apple tried to copy Android's alerts and notifications of new email, etc. but Android's multiple alerts and the ability to dismiss them is still better.- Android has google maps turn-by-turn GPS navigation but iPhone doesn't.- Customization: iPhone doesn't let me delete some apps I don't want to see whereas Android gives me complete control of keeping or deleting any app.  In other words, Android lets me customize so much that I don't need to root it like Apple iPhone.- iPhone doesn't have widgets.  For example, I have a TO DO list widget and I can resize the window.- iPhone can't install apps remotely to my phone like Android's Google Play Store.  This is a convenience and not a big deal.- voice-to-text dictation app is not free.  Often when I'm driving, I want to record a reminder to myself.- can't print to my wireless printer like Samsung using Cloud Print

I had been wanting one for a while. I still was on my IPhone 3, I finally decided it was about time. I have only had it for a few weeks but I love it.

Excellent product. My kid really likes it. No complaints yet. The new design feels good on your hand. Nice phone

It may just be me (a new iPhone user) but this phone went beyond my expectations. It's fast and quick, and simple to use! Lots of apps to choose from the App Store. Camera is phenomenal! I recommend you get this!

I got this phone about a month and a half ago and i am delighted. It has been wonderful so far. It runs smoothly, i have a hundred or so songs, 40+ apps, 200+ photos and still have 7GB free. 16GB is really not as little as you think. It's fast, much faster than my old phone. However on data it's not really as good as it could be, but that's most likely because of my company. However i would recommend this phone to anyone. Plus, the polycarbonate is not cheap, it is very well put on and i have not had any problems with it.

super cheap looking crap. Iphone 4 is better than this. Its not worth even $400, They might send $150 to produce this.

I bought a White color so that I can go with multiple case colors to use throughout.... I am happy with the quality provided by Apple on the Plastic body.... I was using an Iphone 5 for a year when I choose to upgrade to 5C instead of an expensive 5S just coz of the colors and not going for a total hardware upgrade on 5S...I am happy with the phones look and performance being as good as 5 however the battery seems to have been enhanced in comparison to 5...

It's just like the picture and comes with everything! It's brand new in the box. And I love the price!

I would purchase this item again.

A great replacement for my iphone 4. Excellent features. As always, easy to use. Watch out for battery life! '

Great phone! I have had this phone for just over a month now and so far it's been leaps an bounds over my iPhone 4! The screen size is perfect, not too huge an bulky like other android smartphones but just right for a 4in screen!

i see what everyone is saying here and i get that its highly priced for a cheap looking phone. good news is that apple thought the same thing. apple cut off all ties they had with the company that makes the iphone 5c's so the are no longer being made. thats why i got the iphone 5s, and im in love with it. i got it for 200 with a contract. the only thing i dont like is that the only thing thats really different about it is the outside look, its slimmer and the fingerprint scanning for unlocking the phone. but even then i love it!with all that being said, yes, you may be spending a little more because of the apple name, but Apple is a HUGE company, their devices are more high advanced than a lot of other phones in the world. look how far we have come since the little flip phone with no internet, apps, camara, video, and everything else!!

Do not get this phone or anything apple they break so easily it's like apple wants them to break so they can get u to buy more this phone is cheap plastic and cheapl glass it' breaks no matter what version u have if u get this phone u probably should cover it in bible rap so it doesn't brake because if u don't there's a 90% chance u brake it in like  a couple of months save you money do nut buy

I really enjoy my new cellular phone.  Nothing to compare with my previous one.  It is very user friendly, even for an older person like myself.  I enjoy the internet' reading and writing mails,  putting new apps and listening to music with the convenient and good quality earphones/  Happy I bought it.

Everything has resulted excellent...except for a problem I had with the forwarding company ... Absolutely out of the amazon and Green Apple issues...

It was supposed to be new and unused but it had been opened and lots of smudges on the screen. It appears to be working properly.

For a woman in her late 60's, i wanted to upgrade from my iPhone 4, with a similar but newer phone.The iPhone5c is exactly what I wanted. I read all the reviews, and this one compared favorably in all aspects.This iPhone 5c is sleek and easy to use with one hand. The plastic casings come in various colors, which is fine, but not a major deal for me. Compared to other smart devices on the market the smartphone isn&#8217;t as powerful, but as it runs iOS 7 upgradable to iOS 7.1, I can run almost every application that I want. The 8MP camera featured on the iPhone 5c is the same one featured on the 5s, and it gives photos of decent quality. The camera has a ton of different modes to capture my life moments, including panorama and square photos. The  camera is still one of the best features and I can use videos. The battery of the Apple iPhone 5c lasts about 12 hours of normal usage.This is a great phone for me, and it is an excellent phone for me.Recommended. prisrob 05-05-14

The picture fooled me- I thought the pink was a nice regular color, so I ordered it online. When I went to pick it up, I was horrified! The pink was very neon.  I returned it right away and got the white.

After using this phone for a few days i kinda realized something, i got ripped off. Why? because i was so blinded by the apple logo over all these years that recently i started doing some research and figured out that they are ripping people off with this price. If you compare the specs of this phone to other phones that cost the same or less you will soon realize that they are ripping you off, what you are buying is just the apple brand, nothing else, this is just a regular phone that looks just like the other iphones and really have little improvements.Keep in mind that if this phone cost $100 instead of $500 i would be giving it 5 or 4 stars. My comparisons i have made over the last few weeks is that for the price this phone sells for its really a rip off, do your research guys!

I got one it was brand new and excellent thank you. I liked it very much. I hope you sell more.

Apple products are just not user friendly. They are not intuitive, but rather frustrating. I come from an android phone which was pretty simple to use, they are intuitive, if you are looking for something, you just tap where you think it could be and there it is. But iPhone, iCloud, iTunes, etc, are just a pain, there aren't enough options, it takes sometimes hours to fix a problem. I always wanted to have an iPhone, I thought to myself, &#34;Apple MUST be better,&#34; but honestly after 5 months of struggling with this device I am convinced I made the worst mistake of my life. It's weird but I just can't wait for this thing to breakdown so I can go get me a phone with android.

This was a gift for my wife.  She loves it very much.  Easy and simple to use.  Party on Wayne

Cannot comment on specific functions, as I bought this for my granddaughter, but she is delighted with it.  However, I can confirm that the photo's she now sends are crystal clear, so, a bonus for us too.

My family is what I would consider an Apple family, we have three Apple computers, two iPads, countless iPods, and have always and I mean always, used the iPhone. On top of that, we have all heartily recommended Apple products to friends and family. I love Apple and vowed to not touch an Android phone with a ten foot pole, ever. In fact, I used to shake my head at those poor Android phone users because I figured they can't possibly know what they are missing.  When my sister switched to Android, I actually felt personally slighted.As soon as I could, I got the 5c and I was so excited to explore all the new features it had to offer. Despite endless ribbing from me about how sorry she will be, my wife shocked me by deciding to switch and upgraded to an Android phone at the same time because she said she was tired of the same old, same old. Since she had 14 days to return it if she didn't like it, she felt like it was worth a shot. To my absolute surprise(and horror!), I found myself playing with her phone endlessly on day one while mine sat virtually untouched. I was streaming on her phone in beautiful HD on a crisp, bright, larger screen and loving it. What I had always assumed would be a clunky interface, was smooth and slick.Ok, I told myself, enough horsing around, time to enjoy mine because after all, I love iPhones and Android phones are stupid. First impression, I like the feel of the 4c. It has a solid, feel despite how some people feel about the plastic housing. The screen is bright and crisp. It's fast and doesn't hog the battery. It's like owning a completely new phone, no wait, it's not. With a slightly, and I mean slightly bigger screen and some upgrades, it is just like the iPhone I upgraded from. Not that fun.Now here is where Apple lovers will swoop in to "defend" Apple as though they have some vested interest in the company. Even as an Apple lover myself, I don't understand this. I notice that any review that does not extol the iPhone in all it's glory causes people to freak out. Really? Why spend your precious time defending any company or their products for them? I admit I know what it is like when someone says they don't care for an Apple product. It almost feels personal, almost. But to blast someone for their opinion is just plain dumb. Apple will not call you and personally thank you. They don't care. Surely you have something better to do with your time. If you like your phone, great! But everyone is entitled to their opinion. And the fact that I almost feel shame giving the iPhone a less than five star rating tells you that Apple products are a huge part of my life. But, I will not just blindly love a product just because I love the company. I don't owe any company my complete devotion or my dollars and I would be embarrassed and saddened if I did. Regardless, I am sure my review will be picked apart by fanboys as soon as it is posted. I'll say it again, this is just my opinion folks. If you like the 5c, then by all means get it and love it. I just wanted to post an opinion from someone who loves Apple and yet, isn't crazy about this phone.That being said however, if you love the iPhone usability and are used to it, you will find much of the same here. That is what nearly made me keep mine. And Siri is a pretty neat feature too. It is a solid little phone and you probably won't hate it, especially if you already like the iPhone. But there isn't much new here.The thing is, at one time, the iPhone broke new ground. The first time I laid eyes on one, I practically fainted because it was so freaking cool. There is no question that the iPhone paved the way for every phone that has followed since and in my opinion, Apple keeps setting the benchmarks that cause other tech companies to have to scramble just to catch up. Unfortunately, this phone offers little innovation and while it is a solid little number, it is getting tired. I am looking forward to the next iPhone because it sounds like there will be a lot of changes. I am almost positive I will be frothing at the mouth to switch back to iPhone in the future if what I have read is true. And I hope it is. For now though, I returned my 5c and got an Android phone(I never, ever thought I would be typing that sentence!!!). I love my new phone and for the next two years I will stick with it. But we will see where Apple goes from here. In the meantime, I will continue to enjoy my Apple computers, iPads, and iPods because wow, they are all flawless. Thanks for reading!

the phones speakers were not working when i received it. I had to go to apple and replace it.

Ok it was exact that i expect good equipment and it is not cheap it is Ok thanks every thing was ok

phone was supposed to be unlocked but wasn't so then i had to go through the hassle of getting it unlocked without a contract with them, thanks...

This phone feels strongly built. I bought this for my little sister (well she is 13) because I know how strong polycarbonate is. And it looks great in gray.

Great Product! I love my iphone

Much better phones are available for the money. Nothing revolutionary except Apple knocking 50 bucks off the price and using cheaper production methods, if you call that progress. I feel sorry for people who think Apple has a grasp on the future. iOS7 also looks a bunch like windows 98 in my opinion. Don't tell an Apple fan that, they will flip out. Safari feels slower than ever, animations lag. It feels cheap, it looks cheap, total bust.

Perfect - fast shipping - I'm happy again with my iphone.

Display is like no other.  I really like iphones and though this has slightly less features than the 5s, it still is a really high end smartphone.  The price was reasonable at the time of purchase.

As a graphic design student, I found so much to love about this phone. I switched over from Android, and boy oh boy, I am never going back. I bought the 5c mainly because it was cheaper than the 5s, and the 5c had a much better feel to it. I'm a student with a limited budget, and the extra 100$ is a lot to me. But honestly, even if I had the cash I'm not sure I would buy the 5s. The 5c is slender, light, and beautiful; the colors make the phone feel unique and full of life. Having handled a 5s, I much prefer the 5c. Something about it seems more human, more playful, more unique. The phone feels as if it wants to be in your hand, and aesthetically speaking its quite beautiful. Coming from android, I found Apple to be a breath of fresh air. I don't believe there is a better designed phone on the market now--EVERYTHING about this phone has been considered, and it shows! Having a macbook, the interface of the 5c was familiar and great. The battery life on this phone is also incredible, lasting a day and then some on a single charge (I use apps that drained my last android phone in a matter of 3 hours!!). My only complaint, and this is important--- the plastic is fragile and bruises very very very easily. This may be why the phone feels much lighter and thinner, but honestly I do believe Apple could have handled this MUCH better. A single drop will result in a dent to the back of the phone if it is not handled with care. But you can solve this with a cover-- I highly recommend the cases made specifically for this phone by apple, DON'T BE FOOLED BY IMITATIONS--the Apple covers are worth it-- they create wonderful color combinations, have a fantastic gummy feel and are surprisingly protective. PLEASE, cover this Iphone, the screen included. It is such a fantastic phone that the soft plastic is excusable.

I upgraded to this phone from my iPhone 4 a few months ago. The phone is not really an upgrade from the iPhone 4 but not really a downgrade either.1st things 1st. Apple changed the charger for this phone so all of those previous chargers you have lying around your house won't work for this phone (unless you buy their adapter for a whopping $30). On top of that the battery drains really quickly. Even after you turn off all of those unnecessary apps.The phone is longer than the iPhone 4, but the same width. It slips out of your pocket very easily due to the slippery back. You definitely want to pick up a case for it as well. Other than that the apps are just as sleek and the camera is sufficiently better.Is it worth the hefty price tag? Not in my opinion.

Performance: From what I have read, the 5c is essentially the same as the iphone 5 except for the following: slightly wider and heavier with a plastic instead of metal body, slightly better front facing camera,  and slightly improved battery life.Also there is no Siri. iOS7 looks nice and is a much needed update to the iOS world. As an otherwise all android person I definitely notice this phone is smoother and faster than my Android phone although the hardware is really not any better and not top of the line (the iphone 5s blows it away and this hardware is basically from the 2012 iphone 5). That makes me appreciate the OS and apps and the overall refinement of the software on iphones.Design: The plastic though is slippery and even though Apple Nation likes to call it high quality polycarbonate even though it is just "cheap plastic" on Samsung phones, don't be fooled because this is just cheap plastic as well. Also, the colors are a bit lame for guys. I had to default to white since the rest are a bit feminine. I also find lame that Apple liked the buzz phrase of integrating hardware and software with this phone. This seems to just be a fancy way of saying if you buy a white phone white wallpaper and if you buy a blue phone you are stuck with a blue wallpaper. iOS 7 also integrates the new colors of the phones but I don't find anything innovative about that. The iphone still has a screen that easliy cracks. I dropped my phone from about 4 feet in a $50 retail protective case and it still cracked the screen around the edges - I have never cracked another phone's screen in my life and this cracked within 1 month and in a high end screen.Software: As mentioned above, Apple has the best software that provides a smooth and fast experience and apps look better on this than they did no Android even with more powerful phones. I am already noticing though you have to sacrifice customization since Apple does not let you change nearly as much and clearly likes there products to be used their way. For now it is a nice change of pace, but it could get old if.Value: Terrible value, I only bought this because of a great sale and wanted to try Apple. This phone was made to kill off the iphone 5 to allow Apple to sell a phone with better margins and easier manufacturing via a plastic case and yet they kept the price high for a "new" product that basically came out in 2012. There is no siri, and it is the largest and heaviest of the iphone 5 series.Pros: overall decent phone, iOS 7 is nice and software is smooth, camera is good, has a lot of good accessories since it is a big name phoneCons: very overpriced for what you get, plastic body is cheap and slippery, no siri, great resolution but 4 inches is beginning to look small on phones, larger and heavier than the other 5 models, iphone is still very prone to cracking/shattering screen, nothing really new: this product was created to improve Apple's business strategy and not out of innovation, anyone who buys this is overpaying so Apple can keep margins healthy for investors. This product is proof of investors' recent concern of Apple's future.

Good smartphone, although not as cheap as I thought, but iphone is iphone, anyway I think it is better to invest in the top model

Having been a little apprehensive and timid about getting into the iphone world, I was a little worried when I bought the iphone 4 in July 2013. I thought a basic phone would be sufficient to meet my needs. I was so wrong about my regular phone when I stepped into the wonderful world of Apple iphones. Was I ever surprised! I was very happy with my iphone 4. I even bought a girl I was dating an iphone 4. After awhile I had enough of the iphone 4 and it's slow performance. I know that sounds spoiled,  but I needed something better and faster to really enjoy the iphone experience.  So in January of this year, I bought an iphone 5c in white. I sold my iphone 4 to the local Verizon store for a hundred dollars of store credit. With that I was able to make my purchase of my new phone.I have been very pleased with my iphone 5c. I can seemingly install numerous apps for my cell phone pleasure, as we ell as have hardly any dropped calls. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who wants to upgrade from the iphone 4 or lower, or to anyone who just wants a nice colorful phone which can be a conversation piece to friends and strangers alike.

This is honestly the best phone I've ever had. I remember before I got this people told me "ew your getting the 5C? They think of this phone as a super cheap iphone that's bound to break well, it's not. It's has a super fast processor and it feels durable in my hands. I bought the pink one which is actually more of a neon coral which I don't mind at all.  This phone is honestly the same as the 5 except for the plastic body. At a $100 cheaper than the 5s, this is definitely a great buy.

iPhone came quickly in the mail and was super easy to set up with Verizon. The camera is amazing. One of the best qualities of the phone.My only complaint is that the screen sometimes sticks and goes to things I haven't even clicked on. I'm not too sure why this is happening but it is the only malfunction on the phone.Overall, I give this product four stars. It is functional , I haven't had any problems with anything but the keyboard/screen sticking. And that's only sometimes.

Phone is exactly what I expected. Sleek and with the IOS7, it's speed is very good. Being unlocked, I was able to slip my SIM card in right away and use immediately.

the quality is pretty good. and there is an extra earphone. and the phone is available for international use. and the color is good as well.

Before I start, one star is much greater than what this guy deserves.I brought this phone for my teenage sister. We have tmobile. The phone discription says unlocked but DOES NOT WORK ON SPRINT phones only on tmobile and AT&T;, Okay cool. I go to tmobile to buy a new charger because apparently the one he sent me is not iphone compatible and to cut my SIM card. The guy puts it in the phone and searches the serial number to find out not only is it not locked but also ONLY works on sprint networks.500$ and time WASTED. Still waiting on a reply by him to refund me every penny. Never had a problem with amazon until now.

Made our son very happy.  Arrived quickly, tight packaging (no waste!), and looks and works great.  While not inexpensive, much less so than had we bought it from Verizon.

This phone is AWESOME!!!!!!! I get great bars ever were and it it toldly worth all the money. This is my first iPhone and I love it my dad has the 4 and it is super slow compared to this

Work perfectly. ..nice phone ...quick delivery

t\The IPhone 5c has exceded my expectations in iPhone tecknolagy. its so much faster than any iPhone i've had. yet. I also  I received the iPhone in a timely fashion and new as stated. I  love the creamy yellow color with the contrasting black apple signature on the back. I gave it a four star rating due to the sim card would not work and could not have it turned on until I had gotten a new sim card.  however my service provider send one to me free of charge. two days later I was set up and ready to use my new iPhone. Just a minor set back and would order again through amazon.com the next time.

This iphone came in brand new condition and the quality is perfect. So far no malfunctions or glitches. Great camera qualilty.

Don't care what you say, Apple is the way to go. My little sister saved up and bought this version. She loves it. It is what it says it is. No regrets.

Apple is always apple.The software is amazing, the resources that has been added are powerful.The IPhone itself is good enough (I should have bought 32GB), it has a perfect size, weight  and speed.

There is no phone charger provided and no Ear buds provided within the box.

The phone was in better condition than I expected. I could barely see the scratches

I love my new phone!! Can't put it down. I have been using a 3 for the past few years, my lock was broken and the screen cracked. I had been dying for a new phone and was considering a windows phone, but I knew I would miss all the apps. I love colors so when I saw the adds for the new phone, I knew it was perfect!!

I've always had relatively inexpensive smartphones, Blackberry knockoffs (the Alcatel things) and so on. Most of them had data access, but it most were rudimentary at best. I kept an iPod Touch around as an iOS device, and used it to take most of the pictures that I wanted to post on Facebook or wherever because the cameras in my phones were usually awful. Recently updated from an $80 Android device to an iPhone 5c, as the store was out of the 5s.That said... the 5c is a solid, solid phone. It is identical, hardware-wise, to the iPhone 5, except that it's made out of plastic and has a better front-side camera (1.2 megapixels vs VGA). It is quick, and runs a huge variety of apps. The battery life is fantastic. I haven't had any difficulty getting data even when in the middle of nowhere, or wandering around the unexplored wastes of the New Jersey pine barrens. Voice control is a plus... though Siri is, er, interesting, the real benefit is being able to tell the phone &#34;Call mom&#34; or &#34;Call laura&#34; or something while you're driving, so you don't have to be fiddling around with buttons. Texting works the same way, you can tell it to &#34;Text Mom&#34; and then say the message and send it. Very cool, convenient features to have.The plastic feels very good. I've heard reviews that said it felt cheap compared to the &#34;real&#34; iPhone, but in reality the plastic -- or, I'm sorry, polycarbonate -- is really strong and is far less prone to scratching and chipping than the glass or metal versions are. The physical buttons on the side are functional and feel responsive, even moreso than on the 4s or iPhone 5. The main camera takes amazing photos, has HDR functionality, and takes beautiful, 1080p, video.The downside to the phone is the standard iPhone complaints. Namely, there's a lack of &#34;openness&#34;, in that I have no access to the basic filesystem, and that anything I want on the phone has to be shunted through iTunes, including ringtones: I had to take an MP3 file of the sound I wanted, add it to iTunes, then convert it to a ringtone just to make it available in the &#34;Tones&#34; list, and THEN I could sync it to the phone. Likewise, it wants you to get all your pictures and stuff off either through iCloud or with iPhoto, but I use a third party piece of software that lets me access the device directly.Another complaint I have is that, for contacts, it synced to the address book on my MacBook Pro... which is all fine and well, but then it also scraped through my Facebook account for information, which then left me with a bunch of people that I either never want to get in touch with, or double entries for those I do. Scrounging through my phone to try to find one person amongst a list of like 400, both contact and Facebook friend, is annoying at best.

The product was as exactly as described and it arrived fast.

Its a wonderful phone, i am so happy with it. It works here in Venezuela very good. Re co mend

For this amount of money you can purchase A better phone , and with the extra money you can buy more usefull stuffs. Just my opinion .

It is almost new I like it. I wish it has a good quality forever. But anyway,thanks for this good price.

This product is very nice product from Belkin !!!WONDERFUL PRODUCT !!! PERFECT !!!! Buy without any confidence !!!Apple is the best.... Everybody knows !!!!

It was completely like a new. I am gland to have purchased it on Amazon marketplace. I love this iPhone and it is very useful.

Shipped before estimated time! Flawless quality. Recommended.

great phone i love it ! but the headphones were missing :( but overrall i love this phone :)

Great conditions, apart from a broken piece of the container of the iphone, everything good. It's a great device! Never been and never will be disappointed by apple

very good product I am totally pleased with the team, widely recommend this seller as it is super helpful with aus reasponsable and sales!

I have a certain part of my life always switched phones. Doesn't matter what phone I have, seems I'm never happy with them after about a year. I decided to leave my DROID RAZR and give the iPhone 5C a chance. My first black/white unit ended up water damaged, and that led me back to Android. The phone I chose was an S4 and it was HORRIBLE. I can't not recommend that phone enough.Anyway, I found a good deal on another white 5C 32GB and decided I should buy it. I am pleasantly surprised with the phone. Very loud speakers, SIRI is awesome as always. I thought at first the charging port would inconvenience me, having all of the same hookups, but ALL i needed was a lightning port converter and I was back in business the way I was working originally. With my job-site radio I can use the auxiliary hook up and all works well.There are two things that irk me to no end about this phone and I cannot stress them enough, that said, I feel that would bring the phones rating down if I impacted such the score on the overall rating.My problems are this: Apple doesn't allow you to set songs as ringtones, YES, there are a couple of applications that do just that out there, but they involve you using different software and different things on Itunes, wish it was as easy as it was on the Android phones.The second problem is the camera has been somewhat iffy since day one. My 5C was still in warranty (the new one) so I did swap the phone and have also restored it once, the pictures just either look dark or cloudy. I've done EVERYTHING that Apple has said, and still come up on same problem. I've just had it on this phone, and I've owned a 2G, 3G, 4 and 4S before this.However for the 16Gb and the starting price of 99$, you can't pass on that deal. You are getting a great phone for a great price. I had to order a 32G because I have way too many pictures and apps, but that phone was the price of the standard 5S 16G. This phone works as well, who cares its plastic on the back it won't break as much as the other iPhone's do, and you can get a case and it won't annoy you.There will always be a "bagger" of a certain item, but I think you can trust someone who works in the mobile phone industry fixing and selling phones. I really like this phone and I think Apple is on the right track. Same speed as my exes 5S phone. I just think a lot of people think, wow, it's made of plastic, I don't want to deal with a plastic phone, but you need to realize, it's the same phone and comes in different colors. I think it's better than the 5S personally.Another thing I wanted to also say is that cases weren't readily available when this first launched. However, this was remedied in recent months by manufacturers of cases such as INCASE and Incipio stepping up and making functional cases everyone loves!If you are on a tight budget, or just want a nice phone in a cool color, choose this. You won't regret it, I know that  much

It cheaper than china. So buying things is perfect in amazonI buy it for my friend,he like is so much .it same as iPhone 5c

It is better that the 4s. The plastic case doesn't lo ok cheap at all. It is fast and the t&aacute;ctile screen improved a lot. I recomend it.

I actually had the blue one previously given to me as an exchange for my Sony Experia z in purple and I actually loved it but the color just didn't suit my personality I ordered this phone and had some bit of delivery issues and contacted the reseller and he was very quick and helpful to respond. Which is a plus! And when the phone arrived it was in great condition and I'm in love with it. I think iPhone 5s is basically the same as this only without the finger thingy majigy which isn't quite important.I love my phone!

iPhone came quickly in the mail and was super easy to set up. the camera is amazing. one of the best qualities of this phone. not to mention it has excellent build quality and improved battery life. i absolutely love everything about this phone!my only complaint is that they didn't send me an adapter for the charger.overall, i give this product five stars. It is functional, i haven't had any problems with anything.

Good afternoon, i will like to ask you THE STORE some personal question and not be seen in the public Wall, is there any e-mail i could right you.RegardsStephanie Peralta

No, it did not. It said it was unlocked while actually it was carrier locked. Ive had so many problems with it since I do not live in united states. The green back side of the phone is horribly scratched, and it looks like a teeth or someone used to bit the phone, therefore, there are teeth marks.

I have tested both the 5s and the 5c phones hands on before making the purchase, overall I prefer the look of the iphone 5s but this one was better in price and similar in specs so I went with this one. The camera is almost exactly the same, the 5c is actually more vibrant in the pictures then the 5s. The 5s has hd on the front facing camera that the 5c doesn't have but it actually doesn't make all that much of a difference. The 5s can do slow-mo but its not such an amazing feature, its just unnecessary in my case, so it gets a thumbs down. The fingerprint sensor on the 5s isn't very accurate and many times it didn't sense my own fingerprint so its basically the base model of the fingerprint sensor. The 5s is also not double as fast as the 5c, it is only a second faster then the 5c which does not make a big difference. Yes the previous iphone 5 and the new 5c are very similar (almost identical) in most specs but the 5s is not too far behind (probably why they discontinued selling the 5 so fast). Overall I feel Apple is lacking on their new phones and that includes the infamous 5s. However the big fault with the 5c is the ugly cheap plastic they used which my daughter describes as "a $1 looking case". Terrible that a $550 phone would use such an ugly housing. Other then that the phone is okay. It didn't blow my mind, but it is an iphone.

I just love this phone.  It truly is my much adored iPad AND a phone.  It has really made my life much easier.

I got the 5c six months ago I like the phone i just wish I had gotten 32gbs instead of the 16gbs with all the music I've got. I love that you can sync your iPad and Mac very easily and I love the new operating system compared to ios6

Bought as a present for my teenage son. The iphone 5C is perfect for younger people. Very happy with it.

i had a problem then they help me out with that, excellent purchaseGood team effort

I'm very disappointed that I bought of this unit. I really expected this unit is new. When I receive my item is like refurbished. So pls. Do not put new if this is only refurbise.  I'm so sad coz, this is my present to my daughter for her 18th b day.:-( :-( :-( :-( :-(

Exactly as expected product and price.Unlocked and ready to adapt to another carrier.My daughter is very happy with her gift.

Pros:Excellent build quality, iOS 7 rocks, A6 still a very decent setup, Better sharing options, Improved Camera UI, Better battery lifeCons:Display is still 4-inches and the iPhone 5C is not quite as cheap as we were hopingVerdict:Taking everything that made the iPhone 5 great and adding in a few more bells and whistles. The iPhone 5C is not the iPhone 5S, but it&#8217;s still a great little handset in its own right. Should prices come down &#8211;&#8211; which they inevitably will &#8211;&#8211; this handset could become very, very, popular.

It's the perfect thing I've ever had. It arrived on time and works awesome. My only concern with it it that it's camera is not as good as that of the samsung phones

Has no expandable memory and non-replaceable battery lasts little ... too bad because otherwise it's a product cured even if unreasonably expensive compared with other devices at the same price...Apple service ( very good ) it' nt enought to sell a product with 100-150$ materials cost at theese prices !

nice

I was on the fence between the 5C and 5S and I went for the 5C. The reason was because of the color and because I am a little hard on phones so I felt the build was more rugged.The 5C is not selling well and it is certainly not a cheap phone. I know the S model has a little bit more power on the camera and the different chip but the 5C meets my needs well.  Note - there are some packages on Cydia that you can download to give it the same functionality as the 5S. I'm on T-Mobile and Internet on LTE is blazingly fast, video calling works great and email and calendars are top notch. I was using a 3GS for a few years as a backup phone to my BlackBerry and now the BB is the backup. If you JB your phone, you can do a lot with it.Note - I did get a bad phone first time around - the phone and charger were way hot. Since I bought it locally I was able to exchange it within 14 days and got a new one and all is well.I am surprised at some of the bad reviews but it looks like it has to do with the sellers.PS I ordered white not blueIf you are in the US and are going to pay full price for the phone, go to Apple or your local carrier.

No complaints. 100% satisfaction. Everything that was said to be in the box was there. Phone was in incredible condition.

The IPhone I received is from AT&T, NOT UNLOCKED as advertised. I bought it in the US and travelled back home in argentina with the IPhone, and tried to put a Movistar SIm Card, only then I realized it was not possible because the IPhone was NOT unlocked, it is from AT&T. iI asked for a change, seller said have no more unlocked Iphones so he can`t change it, asked me to send the IPhone and THEN he will refund the money, because Amazon policies. I tried to unlock it here and it is not possible because AT&T troubles with sistems. Then, I have a beautiful brand new unuseful blue AT&T IPhone I didn't asked for, but already payed as a unlocked one. And have no possibility to return it up to april when I go to the US.- Silly me! I thought Amazon sellers would`t make such mistakes.

Excellent phone.  I love it.

The product arrived in perfect conditions and work great! I had previous problems with another phone that was described as ''unlocked'' and didn't work, went throu a lot of problems because of that. But this one worked just fine! adn i was brand new, i'm using it in Venezuela.

I knew exactly what I wanted and ordered it.  Do your homework and check the specifications from Apple so you know what you want.  I can't complain because this is what I wanted for a phone.  Instead of buying it from Apple, Amazon had a much better deal.

Alright, First of all, I'm a HUGE Apple fan and I love all their products and usually buy them by preodering. This one, I have preordered as well, and i'm going to judge this as an average consumer with the Specifications that Apple has provided:Pros:-Wayy cheaper: $99 with 2 year contract-A lot more Colorful: The New iPhone 5c comes in 5 colors: Green, Blue, Yellow, Red, WhiteA LOT more durable: For those you guys that drop you iPhone a lot, this thing isn't going to break as fast as the Iphone 4, 4s, or even iPhone 5. It contains Metal reinforcements inside the outer Shell.- IOS 7: Alright, this is one of the biggest improvements that Apple has made, the new IOS 7 looks a lot more professional than the previous version, They have included a lot more apps that come inbuilt and gives the iPhone 5c a new look overall- Wallpaper: Apple has now integrated what they have been doing with their iPod nanos, which is to give the same colored background as the device which does make the phone look a lot more cooler-A6 Chip: This means that The iPhone 5c is going to have better battery life, namely, 10 hours LTE browsing time, 10 hours Talk Time, and 10 hours Video Playback TimeCons:I can not think of any considering this is only an improvement from the previous models BUT: Know that there is a iPhone 5s that is coming out too, so if you want to be top notch, you might want to look into that

This phone is just amazing!Before I had a crappy android (not saying all androids are crappy) but the one I had was very. Getting My iphone 5c has just been like walking out into fresh air! No more freezing up, running slow, messing up calls like my android was doing I have had really no problems with my Iphone 5c at all.The only problem I've had is with the wifi which is a small problem and can easily be fixed by unplugging the router or retry putting password in the browser (only works when in browser)Other that that amazing phone! I hope to get the iphone 6 which it comes out.

Love this I-Phone.  I bought it for my Girlfriend and she loves it and immediately bought a cheap SIM Card from Walmart, but it provides excellent service.  Pictures are clear, battery holds charge forever... basically what you would expect from an I-Phone 5C.

I am overseas so I have not seen the one I have purchased.  I had it sent to a friend in the United States and she said it was brand new in an open box, it looks nice and works well.

I like this phone a Lot. It is fast, it looks good and the batterie is better, too! I recommend buying this phone!

This phone came in an Apple box, packed like new but with different (non-Apple) stickers.  And it was not new.  A check of the IMEI number revealed that the phone was about 9 months old, had been registered in China to China Mobile, and was set to operate on their network.Fortunately Amazon is great about returns so no harm done.

Loved the phone, it met my expectations. The only problem I had was with the delivery schedule, I almost loose the phone because of that.

I just got a 5c to replace a 5.I have several non apple chargers with lightning connectors and all word with my 5 and ipad ever with the iOS 7 upgrade and warnings.My iPhone 5c ONLY charges with the genuine Apple charger and cables.So, I have to buy more Apple chargers AND extension cords since the real apple cords are all only 3' long.APPLE - I am SO DISAPPOINTED IN THIS BS,

I owned a Iphone 4, so is was logic to me to buy the new generation, so I choose the Iphone 5C cause' I thought has the best relation price/value. Right now I live abroad and travel a lot, so I need it to be unlocked so I can use it any country I go, and so far so good. I recommended to all that liked the previous version and love apple phones like me.

I am not writing this review because of the phone. I am writing it because of the cost. On amazon the phone is 500 dollars but if you go to a regular apple store you can get it from 99-200 dollars. It is sad for me to see that people are spending 500 even though they can spend 200 for a new one.

Exactly as shown and it works.

I am alway sone model behind because I'm conservative.  I had a 3 GS and moved up to accommodate a special app for my truck.  Glad I did.  Real long battery life, IOS7 (which has updated 3 times for bugs) and a larger screen.  My only complaint about larger screens is its harder to apply screen savers.  I used to use ANdroid burt my phone frequently rebooted and Android phones limit the number of software upgrades to entice you to buy a new phone.  Apple provided full software upgrades to my 3GS until 7 came out.  As far as regular conversation goes I don't see a lot of difference between Apple and the better androids.  Many more apps for android, but a lot of them duplicate functions.  The 2 apps I miss most are the SWYPE keyboard and a YouTube downloader.  I found away around the YouTube issue but not the keyboard.  Why Apple refuses to put a row of numbers at the top of the keypad like a real keyboard is beyond me.  Overall I find the IOS platform more stable but more expensive and no difference in voice quality.

I just wanted to say this a great price, for an even greater phone.  This is the best phone I have ever had, period!!!

Item brand new unopened and as described in info, the only missing item is the sim clip in both phones

I simply love it! everything on the phone. The looking, the speed, the iOS.Works In Venezuela. I cut the sim card from my ex iPhone 4 by myself and it works perfectly on the iPhone 5C for Movistar.

I asked for a new phone and they sent me an used mobile. This is cheating and i would like to raise a case in a court for this issue.

This phone is almost the same version with the iPhone 5 except the case is plastic which makes it cheaper but looks hippy or stylish. It's still has the iOS 7.1.1 version depending when you upgrades or download those versions. Quality photos takes great pictures and works well on pre installed social Apps . The only different from 5s version is that this phone doesn't have a finger print otherwise it's a good value and color wise it's your preference.

A useless device from Apple, terrible colour, not spectacular performance, outrageous price - good only for snobs and die-hard apple lovers

I purchased the phone for my teenage daughter.  It seems to function well and do everything is is supposed to do.  We were not initially sure about setting it up on our AT & T plan, but the SIM card they installed did work.

This phone stated it was unlocked, but was not. When I contacted the seller to inform them & get reimbursed for the 80$ fee I had to pay to get the phone unlocked, they sent me a link from Google stating AT&T phones are always unlocked to other carriers. Any tech Davy person knows this is not true. They basically told me to deal with it & did not help me in any way. Because they were misinformed, I was jipped and scammed. Obviously they are not educated enough about there products to be advertising and selling them. I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED AND ANNOYED.

what more can I say...its awesome buy, comes sealed, its neat, worth the money and its a really good phone, I'll definitely  recommend this.

I got my phone through T-mobile's deal of $0 down and pay over 2 years. It's my first iphone switching from andriod. At first I was worried about missing out on the 5s features and that it would be quite small compared to HTC One and other Samsung phones, but I think it is the right size for convenient single hand usage. A bigger screen may be welcome in the future for better movies/gameplay/document viewing but it's certainly better than the 4s screen size.I finally went to an Apple store to see the 5s that I "missed out" on. I found out I actually preferred the 5c to the 5s because of how comfortable it felt in hand and the slight additional weight of the 5c made it feel more substantial and durable. The 5s was also less comfortable to hold due to the sharp edges and felt "cheap" because of how light it was. I was also kind of turned off by how the 5s looks after being used for so long - the demo models were a bit scratched/grimy not very bright/shinny/attractive. On the other hand the 5c "ages" well. I also tested responsiveness and speed of the user interface and was not impressed. It was exactly the same as the 5c. Probably larger apps and other computation would load faster, but general things like scrolling through menus, opening webpages was no different. Next time I'll have to try something more graphics intensive and report back but it does say a lot about the 5c.Functionality, speed and ergonomics are all there with the 5c. Another thing worth mentioning is that the 5c is the less "flashy" phone and that was important to me (at least the white version) since I am not looking to standout and since there are a lot of phone theft/muggings/robberies these days. So overall, I feel this phone fit my needs perfectly.

I upgraded from the 4 and this one is faster, lighter, and just as easy to use.  I'll probably get the 6 when it comes, let's be honest - keeps making things that I want to buy.

I upgraded from my old 3gs to the white 5c. I personally like the polycarb back housing better than the metal or glass, which is one of the main reasons I still had the 3gs. I feel like it is more sturdy. One of my favorite parts of iphone's is the ease of switching devices with an icloud log in. Updating all of my info from one phone to the other just takes one click!I turned the motion off of ios 7, and the only real complaint is that the white font on the screen is hard to read with my background. Otherwise, I love the phone.

well I think it's a masculine pink lol.... Ok now on to the phone. Now before i had the 5c i was going from phone to phone and trying to get off the apple bandwagon so I went n got a htc one then ended back up with a iphone 5, then the newer iphone 5s/5c was announced with ios 7 so I was wowed and I was just use to the easy menu the iphones have, especially how your emails are all synced together as if it was one email address. So I got rid of my iphone 5 traded that for a galaxy s4 active!! i had the phone for a month and used it in the shower lol. after being wowed by that I kinda grew away from the phone espcially with all the air features that's easy to activate when driving. So I got rid of the active and traded that for the Pink 5C. Now this color is great the black is a good color I think guys and girls can rock this color(well guys with the black casing for the phone lol) so yeah it's been over a month with the 5c and I don't have any urges to try out the note 3 or even the 5S. Oh wait, one thing I have to point out is I drop the phone last week :-( and it freaking failed on the top left corner and what do you know it had a big dent in the corner so this plastic is cheap cheap. and yes that was the day i put the 5C in a case. ok that's the end of my story/review

I found the delivery and the quality of the product to be high.The only downside is that I couldn't get the iphone to work without a sim card, even though it clearly specifies it's an unlocked phone. I looked up online that in that case you need to just borrow the sim card from another phone to make it work. I am aware that this might have nothing to do with the company selling this product and has more to do with the developer, but a small warning would've been nice.

As one of those late-adapters, I held on to my old phone for a long, long time (5 years!), but I recently decided to join the masses and get a smartphone. I've always used Apple products - from the desktop computer our family had when I was a kid to my current laptop and iPod. Though I played around with Droids and the other brands in the store, I was pretty sure going in that I would want an iPhone.I initially thought about the iPhone 4s (which is about a dollar right now), but I didn't like the idea of being roped into a 2-year plan with older technology and poor battery life.My perspective on this product would best suit someone similar to me: you want to be able to do all the usual stuff (call/text, check e-mail/Facebook, Google maps, decent battery life, use a few apps, take pictures), but don't care if it's the most current or top-of-the-line product. My perspective doesn't match what tech critics think about this iPhone - namely that this was a huge mistake on Apple's part; however, this phone is basically what I was looking for.Pros:- $99 with a 2-year commitment. This is really up to you whether this is a good deal or not. I don't plan to update my phone every time new technology comes around - I also get a great deal with my family plan - so I didn't have a problem signing the 2-year contract with them.- Attractive colors- Lightweight- Intuitive interface. This was very important to me because I'm new to touchscreen interfaces and, in general, smartphone technology. This phone has been easy to use so far.- The battery life is great.- Fast wireless- For those of us who don't need the maximum storage capacity that the 5s offers, this seems like a good compromise between the slower iPhone 4s and the more expensive, top-of-the-line (for now) 5s.- Great camera! It takes nicer pictures than my actual camera.- Handy "find my phone" feature in the iCloud, that locates your iPhoneCons:- I don't know if this is true of all smartphones, or if it's just this one, but I think it's annoying that I can't rearrange the icons on the wallpaper. I'd like to put the icons I use most on the front and stick the ones I don't use on the back. Maybe I just need to fiddle with it more.- Like others have said, there is only one colored wallpaper pattern available (of course, you could put any picture you like). I don't really care, since it's an attractive blue-green ombre. If I get sick of it, I'll just replace it with a picture of my cat.- It does have less storage than the iPhone 5s, but it still has quite a bit more than previous generations.- I anticipate that the bright, saturated color will fade over time.

It was expected but I love this phone....  recommend is very good.I had problems with amazon password, no memory, so my delay in qualifying purchases.I repeat is an excellent product.

I'm on my fourth iPhone now. I've had the 3GS, 4, 5, and now the 5c.I can't give Apple enough praise on their consistency and straight-forwardness of the iOS interface and the stellar appearance and construction.Before you write me off as a Apple fanboy, I do admit to owning a MacBook Pro, but I also use two desktop PCs running Windows 8 and Windows XP, as well as my work PC which runs Windows 7. I've also own a Samsung Galaxy SIII mini (phone) and an ASUS 10&#34; Transformer (tablet).There's a reason I switched back to the iPhone after using an Android for four months:It's STABLE, CLEAN, WELL MANUFACTURED, and WELL SUPPORTED. That's more than I can say for any Android device I've owned.

Great phone! Anything apple is worth the money! They put so much time and energy into their phones to make sure they are top notch.

This is a good phone

It's amazing! I loved.

I was nervous about ordering the iphone - that is a lot of money.  It has been perfect - just as advertised.  I am more than pleased.

Very quick shipment , im more than satisfied thank you

Because the phone is easily scratched up to make customers happy you should include a phone cover case with it I got the phone for my husband and he says it's easily scratched up

I feel like I'm now in the 21st century and able to communicate with my children and not have to drag a camera everywhere. I got the unlocked because I already had a phone with a contract I liked and it was easy to change the SIM card.

Works as expected in a simple and confiable way.Lightweight device and fast in doing the tasks.The interface has clear and big enought icons and characters that can be read easily.

I upgraded my iphone 4 for a  iPhone 5c it was time  the i4 was slowing down and the 5c has a a5 processor. A step up from my i4''s a4; I have Bluetooth in my car and it works great. My i4 would cut out after I did the ISO7 update. I own other apple products as well iPad 2 and and older iPod nano 3 gen. I see no issue with these phones, more to the point most people do not like plastic. Hmm both plastic or metal one will dent and the other will crack if you drop it without a case on it, as will glass on the back side of the s5 will crack as will the front. Some reviews of the made me laugh since they state that this phone it a ripoff but if you buy any unlocked phone it will cost you more. When you buy a plan some of the reviewers I guess are clueless what pays for the phone over the two years which cost less up front. I never do that. I been with Verizon since I had a cell phone back before apple even invented the iPhone. and guess what it was plastic not metal.  Never have a dropped call unless I am on the road and hardly ever happens. I did not buy a unlocked phone.  I got mine for 7.50 I traded my iphone 4 in and got a $50 off, which was the price of the phone. I feel that I do not need to spend the extra $150.00 for the metal one since it is basically the same phone in plastic which cost less to manufacture than the metal that is why apple did this in the first place.  If you do not like plastic go though you house and throw it all away than. Here is a hint the fuzzy throw Blankets or pull overs called polyester They are made of recycled plastic soda bottles but they are so warm.UpdateStill acts like an iPhone though faster data when searching the web with the LTE with a small cost of battery life but I had so much trouble with searching on the iphone4 on 3G that I will not miss that. just really look at your notifications on you phone that take more battery power I shut what I did not need off.  If you leave the iphone 5 in the car and it is really cold outside. if you phone is off do not turn it on till you have it warm up in your house. this is a a safety feature of this phone. condensation can built up inside of the phone if you leave it in a cold place like a car in winter. The iPhone 5c or the 5s will turn itself off to protect it.

I choose 5 star because pone is excelent for me and for what I want. It's fast and color is beauty! nothing dislike

I phone was not like new as the seller stated, the charger was not the original , the price was too high compare to the value of the phone

I tried to purchase the AppleCare+ protection plan from Apple on this device, and after speaking with several representatives it was determined that this phone, purchased by me June 6, 2014, had been activated, on a cellular network, in early January 2014. This meant I would have only been able to purchase AppleCare+ through mid-February 2014.This phone is meant for a less than graceful person, so of course I want the accidental damage protection that AppleCare+ provides, so, after spending many hours setting it up and getting everything going, I will now have to erase everything and return the device so I can purchase a new iPhone along with AppleCare+.Very disappointed in the reseller, COMPTEL, INC.

I bought a factory unlocked iphone and I got one that is not.I am very dissatisfied with the product, it does not reside in the U.S. and can not use it. Careful not to be fooled.proved to ask the seller, but gave a different product advertised. Volunteered to receive the product by charging a small fee, but honestly did not trust.

I got this phone from a seller in Orlando Fl. I was sceptical at first since it didn't sound right to have a new iPhone without a retail box. When I called the seller he was courteous and helpful. He explained how he conducts his business and how he gets his phones cheap from the factory to then resell. The service is excellent and the phone is actually new and without any defects. It works perfectly. I recommend the item and the seller.

I would watch who you order from i want to buy one so im looking everywhere for the best deal. I found on the apple site a factory unlocked iphone 5c 16 gb for $549. Keep in mind it was brand new...

iphone5c  is exellent cellphone. easy to use,sensitive smoohy touth, high speed,abandant application,outstanding experience  of custome, it deserve the No.1 brand in cellphone.

awesome!
