
I am very pleased with this phone.  The best phone I have had to this date.

This review will be for the product shipping and customer service received when ordering this phone:I ordered this phone on Dec 16. I received it on Dec. 19! I live in in Hawaii. I think That's a record! Packaging was perfect. Couldn't wait to open my new phone! Called customer service to confirm all items would be in there to upgrade cell and they were very helpful as well.Phone review: I'll one this phone. so much to customize and settings are so much more. I have been an iPhone user for 7 years. It was hard to change over. But so glad that I did.

best phone ever! who's got the best phone in the world? I DOOO!!!used to be an iPhone fan ever since it came out up untill iphone 4, then it got boring. now I am an android fan all the way! and this is the best android phone on the market to the date!

I LOVE this phone I will never go back to a smaller phone and I use the s pen more than I thought I would

We purchased this phone for my husband as his phone was old Motorola as replacement.Its big but better performance ,battery really comes for 2 days without charging even if we use it a lot.Samsung has lot of new features than iPhone as i use one.Phone is awesome with great features .

i love the large screen. Note 3 is faster than other notes. I use it more than galaxy tab.I could really use a training video, there is so much more to this than i can figure out!Help!

I've had my Galaxy Note III for a couple months now and I love it more everyday. I downloaded an owners manual and read it everyday !  I didn't know if I would like the larger size but it has been great !

I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she was thrilled to death! The camera features are really cool and pictures are so crisp and clear! And I got it for 100 less here! My husband and I have the Note 2. Both are awesome phones!

Nice features, amazing screen, superfast processor. Recommened buy. The S pen is a great tool and comes in handy for quick noted.

The phone is great! It does everything you need and more. I have given up my iPhone after using the Samsung Note 3 for 2 days.

This phone is huge. Which I thought would be great. It also has a pen, which I thought would be very handy. I did use the note feature for a little bit but this phone is so huge it's annoying. I can barely put it in my pockets, I can barely fit it in any of my purses. If you are used to i phones, the functionality is much more complicated. You have to press a lot more buttons to do one thing. It has all these apps on the phone like a computer and you can't get rid of some of them. It asks you which app you want to open pictures and videos with every time instead of just opening the pic. Also annoying. You have to press the back button to go back through things which is very annoying. I would like to sell mine if possible.

If you are planning to use this as a GPS with Google Map, beware of the potential lost GPS signal in the middle of your route.Update :To be fair to Samsung, I think I am obligated to update my review.After the OS is upgraded to Android KitKat, the GPS is working fine now.

I wish I had read somewhere that this phone takes a special charger. While one is provided for the phone, I will have to go out and buy extras for my office and car. It is probably my fault, and I missed that tidbit of info, but I am disappointed. I thought all cell phones were supposed to have a uniform charger now. Apparently there is a loophole I was not aware of. It also takes a MICRO sim card instead of the standard.The faux leather battery cover? It doesn't look that bad when it is on the phone, but when you lift it off to put in the battery, it is unbelievable how flimsy the plastic is. I expected more for such a high priced phone.I am also having a lot of trouble getting a good protective case for it. Otterbox, Lifeproof and Griffen have not come out with theirs yet. I have found others to use until they do. However when I order them, I am told they will not be delivered for up to a month.The graphics are STUNNING! The keyboard is much better equipped than my droid. I appreciate that the numbers are their own separate buttons.I'm just getting started learning the features and apps. It is pretty complicated so far. I am used to HTC Droids. I'll update more later.

UPDATE 2-6-2014:  Dropping rating from 4 to 3 stars. There is a GPS issue with this phone. See Gadget Guy's comment and his link to the related AT&T; thread. There are over 10 pages of complaints from AT&T; customers. You can also Google "samsung note 3 gps issue". My own personal experience is my Note 3 drops the GPS signal much too frequently. I've ran tests in which I've used my son's Nexus 4 and my Note 3 simultaneously while navigating, and the Note 3 constantly drops the GPS signal whereas as the Nexus 4 does not. I currently live in the central Washington state area. As of this update there doesn't seem to be any official response from Samsung or AT&T.;--- ORIGINAL POST ---My previous smartphone was a Nexus 4. I've wanted a large screen phone (5.5 inch screen and up) for a while now, so I took the plunge and the got the Note 3 on AT&T;'s network. I've been using it for two weeks now and below is what I think.&lt;&lt; PROCESSING POWER:  5/5 >>Along with the large screen, this is my favorite aspect of the Note 3. This is hands-down the fastest smartphone I've ever owned. Among other things, it opens up web pages almost as fast as my laptop. It is equipped with the powerful Snapdragon 800, so it's packing some of the latest hardware. Plus 3GB of RAM helps enable its overall noticeable pep.&lt;&lt; STORAGE:  5/5 >>A generous 32GB is provided by default, and the phone supports the use of a microSD card if you want more storage.&lt;&lt; PHYSICAL DESIGN:  4.5/5 >>- PRO:  Large 5.7 inch screen...of course this is a pro for me. I'm 5'8 and don't have large hands, and the screen size doesn't bother me at all. I think the large screen is great, and enhances three key uses for the phone (reading, texting, and navigation).- PRO:  Artificial leather backing. Plastic leather might seem like it would be tacky, but Samsung pulled this one off nicely. It looks and almost feels like genuine leather...it's cool, definitely unique.- NEUTRAL:  The S-Pen. Hard to say how I feel about this. I don't see myself using it much, because if I want to write something I'd rather bang it out quickly using my thumbs and the virtual keyboard. Maybe some business dude would rather scribble out a note. One cool thing is at least having the S-Pen gives you the option to choose, and if you want draw a diagram or something it could obviously be useful.- CON:  The physical home button on the bottom center of the screen. As other users have noted, some of the Note 3's have extra play in this button so this button can be slightly askew at times. This can allow extra grime to creep in around the edges. Plus, after using the Nexus 4's virtual buttons (Back, Home, Windows) for about a year now...I prefer them over the physical Home button on the Note 3. Physical buttons can allow grime to creep in. The only physical buttons I currently want are my power and volume buttons.- CON:  The area around the micro-USB port on the bottom edge of the phone is flimsy. Over a year of use I could see it flexing and possibly cracking without a decent case on the phone.&lt;&lt; SOFTWARE INTERFACE & UTILITIES:  3/5 >>Unfortunately for me this is where the Note 3 falters.- PRO:  Samsung does add some nifty features to the device. Rather than go through them all here, just search for "25 hidden galaxy note 3 features" and read the article. These features are cool, but not ground breaking. I do think the multi-window feature is nifty.- CON:  Samsung's TouchWiz interface. After using the pure Android interface on my Nexus 4 for about a year, I found Samsung's TouchWiz to be clunky in comparison. After about a week of using TouchWiz I downloaded Nova Launcher from the Play Store, played with the settings for a bit, and finally got my Note 3 to have a mostly buttery smooth interface like my Nexus 4.- CON:  Bloatware. Both Samsung and AT&T; throw their applications into the Android experience, which is okay. What is not okay is not giving a user the freedom to remove the cruddy apps if I don't want them. I understand some pre-installed apps have to be maintained to support the unique features of the Note 3 (e.g. the S-pen). But how about that Samsung Music app I don't want? And that Samsung S Health I don't want? Not to mention the crud AT&T; throws on here. I like the modular approach taken by Google for pure Android. In pure Android, excluding core apps (e.g. dialer, email, calendar, text messaging, etc.), a user just installs the apps they want, customizing their experience as they go.- CON:  The amount of inconsistency in the user interface between the Note 3 and pure Android. Pure Android offers interface consistency from one Android device to the next, so that when I went from using my Nexus 4 to my Nexus 7 the transition was seamless. Samsung (and to some extent AT&T;) tweaked the default Android interface a surprising amount...and the result was a little messy, muddying the Android interface more than helping it.- CON:  Because of the custom Android installed on this Note 3 (again, expected due to some of the unique features of the Note 3), expect newer flavors of Android to be released for this phone at a lot slower pace than for the pure Android devices. For example, the Note 2 has been on the Android 4.1 release since Sep--Dec of last year. Android 4.2 rolled out around that same time last year. Android 4.3 was released over the summer and the Note 2 it appears is finally about to get it. So basically the Note 2 went almost a whole year (Dec '12--Oct '13) without getting an Android refresh.&lt;&lt; OVERALL 4/5 >>I definitely like the phone. The large screen and processing power are great! However the few drawbacks I've listed above prevent me from giving it a full 5 stars. What I'd really like is to have a phone with this screen size, this processing power, but running pure Android. I don't need the S-Pen. The S-pen and other unique features of the Note 3 aren't major selling points for me.

It's everything I was expecting and more!  And it arrived much sooner than I anticipated.  I have really been enjoying my phone. And the size for me has not been an issue.

I like the size of the screen. I was having an issue with software but the update fixed the issue. The size is slightly larger than expected but it fits in my shirt pocket so that is not an issue. The pen will come in very handy to make reminders on the run. Good choice of phone for me

Note 3 is an awesome device.  Check my video review for review of phone, some apps and GPS capability at the end. The resolution and real estate you have is mindblowing for a phone.  It is a very powerful device in your hands! I had Note 2 for a long time and our family is a big fan of phablets. Note 2 are still really good. If you have them and they work keep using them. Phones don't get obsoleted. The previous gen phones still make phone calls and take great pictures as they did on day 1. Both Galaxy Note 2 and 3 have Micro-SIM. I have played around with a Note 3 and using on a regular basis and it is gorgeous phone in itself. The following paragraph applies to buying unlocked phones..DISPLAY: Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen.Note 3 has 151.2 x 79.2 x 8.3 mm (5.95 x 3.12 x 0.33 in) and weight 168 g (5.93 oz).Note 2 has Dimensions 151.1 x 80.5 x 9.4 mm (5.95 x 3.17 x 0.37 in) and Weight: 183 g (6.46 oz).Note that it has become slightly less taller and 15 gm lighter! This is great as weight is a very important factor in handholding and for long uses. Both the phones have excellent S Pen stylus.Note 3 has 1920 x 1080 pixels, 5.7 inches (~386 ppi pixel density).Note 2 is 1280x720 pixels, 5.5 inches (~267 ppi pixel density). Note the superb increase in resolution. This is great as Note 3 has full HD finally. For comparison, Galaxy S4 has 5" HD Super AMOLED 1920 x 1080 display (441 ppi).MEMORY Both Note 3 and Note 2 has Card slot : microSD, up to 64 GB. Internal: 16/32/64 GB storage, Note 3 has 3 GB RAM whereas Note 2 has 2 GB RAM.WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, DLNA (Both Note 2 and Note 3)Bluetooth: v4.0 with A2DP, LE, EDR (Both Note 2 and Note 3)NFC: Yes (both Note 2 and 3)USB: microUSB v3.0 (MHL 2), USB Host (Note 3, finally USB 3 on phones!)microUSB v2.0 (MHL), USB Host (Note 2)CAMERA:Note3: 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels,autofocus, LED flash, Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps (Note 3, Note the substantially improved camera resolution)Note 2: Front: 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, video: 1080p@30fps, check quality; Back: 1.9 MPI feel for low light the camera did not perform well and this is an improvement I would like Samsung to make in low light sensors.Chipset:Note 3: Quad-core 2.3 GHz Krait 400 (LTE model)/ Quad-core 1.9 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 (3G model) Note 3 has Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 and if you see they have several technologies for different models.Note 2: Exynos 4412 Quad CPU: Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A9 GPU: Mali-400MPSensors: Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometerGPS: with A-GPS support and GLONASSBATTERY: Li-Ion 3100 mAh battery (note 2) 3200 mAh (note 3)SAR (radiation level is often not considered in many reviews and it is an important level of comparison).SAR:Note 3 US Model: 0.55 W/kg (head) 1.49 W/kg (body)Note 3: EU Model: 0.21 W/kg (head)Note 2 US Model: 0.23 W/kg (head) 0.95 W/kg (body)Note that SAR ratings have increased for Note III version.Galaxy Note III is an awesome phone for its use cases. It is a delight for note taking purposes. I have used Galaxy S3, S4, Note II, Galaxy Tab 2/3 and I really love the Galaxy series. I can see the high end smartphones really getting saturated. For users with Note II or S4, I will not recommend upgrading unless you always want the latest and the greatest. You still have a great phone and it is not outdated just because Note III has come out. Your camera takes just great pictures as it did last month. Just like Detroit/Japan rolls out new cars every year, phone manufacturers have found excellent way to make yearly upgrades. If you have a different phone or a low end phone or you are from that iSomething world, welcome to Galaxy series!Battery life is good.  The video playback was crisp. Vendors like Samsung have added a whole lot of extra programs. I am not that annoyed with the Samsungware as I really like S-Health and some other apps. Mainly note taking apps are awesone.  People of course can root and put Cyanogenmod at some point later.I used to put a 64 GB microSDXC card SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging for video/song/ebooks.  I have since upgraded to 128 GB MicroSD and it works great! No stuttering, and very smooth playback of videos captured in varying light conditions (HD Playback; HD Recording). Compatible video types are AVI/DIVX, WMV/ASF, FLV, MKV, MP4/3GP, WEBM. HDR and Panaromic photos were incredibly sharp. Compatible audio types are: AAC, AMR, MP3, OGG, WMA/ASF, 3GA/M4A, FLAC, WAV. Google Music, PlayerPro Music player are producing excellent music.Note III infrared sensor is the same technology as TV remote control, so with WatchON you can change the TV channel from your phone. Games were very buttery. I tried several car racing games and performance was phenomenal.GPS was spot on and I tried multiple GPS apps. It was bright outdoors (had to crank the brightness all the way up). Smooth and Stunning display! NFC works awesome. I use a Qi charger with a Qi wireless receiver and they work great as well.Some Extra Accessories:NFC has lot of use cases. I got the WhizTags NFC tags - NTAG203 Chip - 10 Pack + Keychain + Free Bonus Tag - Android Writable & Programmable - Adhesive Sticker Back - Samsung Galaxy S4 S3 Note 2 - HTC One First One X Droid DNA - Sony Xperia - Nexus - Smart Tags - Best Money-Back Guarantee! which is awesome. I use in conjunction with NFC Task Launcher App. Samsung also has TecTiles App. When I go to office I tap a NFC Tag to get the settings I desire - eg vibrate, wifi on etc. At CAR different instructions and so on.I tried following apps and they just worked awesome.Amazon MobileAndroid StatusAldiko Premium and Kindle Reading AppsAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVNAVIGON (from Garmin - offline maps)Google Navigation/Earth/MapsGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayLinkedinGoogle MusicTapatalk (awesome forum browsing app)OverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks (public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android (excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoiceTemple Run series of gamesPlenty of WidgetsAPPENDIX: If you are comparing multiple phones, here is the quick highlevel breakdown of top phones as of mid 2014.In my opinion, following are key specs to consider when you buying a phone. Most of others are standard or does not matter at all. First size, weight and resolution are part of look and feel. RAM/CPU part of performance.  External storage is part of expandability. Camera is obvious! SAR (Specific Absorption Rating) is an often ignored, but I feel essential to making a buying choice. Manufacturers don't advertise or mention SAR prominently.phone parameters: {size, weight, resolution, ppi, RAM, ext Storage, camera, CPU, USA SAR rating}Samsung Galaxy Note 3 N9000: 5.95 x 3.12 x 0.33 in, 168 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.7 in, 386 ppi, 3 GB RAM, micro SD upto 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5420, Quad-core 1.9 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 0.24 W/kg (head), 0.72 W/kg (body)Google Nexus 5: 5.43 x 2.72 x 0.34 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 4.95 in, 445 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 8 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.3 GHz Krait 400, 0.92 W/kg (head), 1.23 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy S5: 5.59 x 2.85 x 0.32 in, 145 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.1 in, 432 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, Qualcomm Snapdragon 801, MSM8974-AC Processor: Quad core, 2500 MHz, Krait 400, 0.63 W/kg (head), 0.82 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy S4 (Intl version): 5.38 x 2.75 x 0.31 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.0 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD, up to 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5410 CPU, Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, 0.85 W/kg (head), 1.55 W/kg (body)HTC One M8: 5.76 x 2.78 x 0.37 in, 160 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, 4 MP (rear), 5 MP(front for selfies), Qualcomm Snapdragon 801, Quad core, 2300 MHz, Krait 400, 0.94 W/kg (head), 0.83 W/kg (body)LG G2: 5.45 x 2.79 x 0.35 in, 143 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.2 in, 424 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 13 MP/2.1 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.26 GHz Krait 400, 0.50 W/kg (head), 0.69 W/kg (body)Apple iPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 in, 112gm, 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 8 MP/1.2 MP, Apple A7, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cyclone (ARM v8-based), 1.12 W/kg (head), 1.18 W/kg (body)Nokia Lumia 1520: 6.41 x 3.36 x 0.34 in, 209gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 6.0 in, 367 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD up to 64 GB, 20 MP/1.2MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800 CPU Quad-core 2.2 GHz Krait 400, SAR: 0.59 W/kg (head), 0.24 W/kg (body)Motorola Moto G: 5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 in, 143 gm, 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 5 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 1.17 W/kg (head), 1.06 W/kg (body)Given the above key specs, my suggestion to my friends is to choose 2 or 3 KEY features you require (may be large screen size, maybe less weight, maybe more CPU power) and then start nailing down the phones. Definitely and definitely go to a phone or a big box store and feel the phone. Nothing replaces that. In the end end you are using it for days and years, so the tactile feel is very important.Ask questions, the review cannot do justice to Galaxy Note III. I will be glad to answer any questions.

I wont go into reviewing this phone because all the reviews are in and the masses say this phone is GREAT and I agree.  However, beware of the known GPS signal loss issue that this device suffers from,  I believe its specific to this AT&T branded device.  If GPS is important to you i suggest reading up on the known issue and visiting the AT&T forums to see what I'm talking about.  The sad thing is AT&T knows about it and seems to be working on it but no fix seems in sight.

great smart phone that has all the features necessary in the mobile world! You can do more than you can imagine.

I went from the Galaxy note 2 to the note 3. What a BIG mistake that was.1) The battery life is not by no means as good as the Note 2.2) When I put appointments in the calendar ( sometimes 2-3 ) in one day, and say its two months from today,I place an appointment in, then save it, it automatically SCROLLS  BACK to todays date. When you have 10-20appointments for a month from today, it gets very AGGRAVATING. It takes me 30 Mins. to make my schedule up forany date past today. Also, when I make an appointment there is a notification ( alarm ) iconthat keeps showing up. (Yes I turned off ALL ALARMS & NOTIFICATIONS in my settings). And it still shows up. So I have to go back an manuallyturn off EACH AND EVERY icon.I called AT&T; plus Samsung's Tec support, about this problem (in 4 days, they had me on the phone for a total of 9 HOURS: 3 hrs with AT&T;, 2 hrs. with Samsung,then back with AT&T; two days later for another 2 1/2 hrs. and back with Samsung for another 1 1/2 hrs.Look, I loved my Note 2, with NO PROBLEMS. I'm just a guy who wants the newest and best smart phone's when it comes out.( By the way, yes, I did do my home work about the NEW Samsung Note 3, before I purchased it, and there was NOT one bad review).Come on people, I can not believe that I AM THE ONLY ONE with this madness going on.If you have a Note 2, do yourself a favor, Stay with it.UPDATE: Nov. 12thAT&T; and Samsung still did not fix the problem, ( both are totally clueless ) They say that it's just the way the features are. And maybe the next upgrade will fix it.Meanwhile, I tried to write a review on Samsung's website and guess what? They only accept and publish 4-5 stars. Nothing less.That's why I never read any bad reviews.VERY SMART SAMSUNG! VERY STUPID ME!

I love this phone. I love it specially because of the big screen and the samsung softwares. I am surprised to see how accurate the hand writing algorithm is!!! Loved the S-Pen. Only issue I am facing from my day to day use is the position of power button and volume control button. I press these buttons very often by mistake. I don't know how other people feel about it but I think they need to move to somewhere else.

This phablet does it all, except cooking a meal.  I have not looked back at other smart phones on the market ever since I started using my Note 3.  It is awesome. Apple and their fans, take notes because you're missing out.

Simply the best phone (phablet) on the market!!! Literally nothing is faster!!! IT'S A BEAST!!!It runs flawlessly no matter what you have running, no lag, it can handle any hardcore multitasking of multiple apps! It's nothing for me to have youtube playing and running other apps at the same time right underneath it and texting over the top of both using chompSMS. Simply put, there IS NOT a better device on the market right now, period.I have been a loyal Apple iPhone user for the last 6 years and finally being fed up with three things I switched to this phone and couldn't be happier. I was sick of how small the iPhones are compared to all the other devices on the market right now. I was sick of how slow the iPhone is compared to the Galaxy S4's and Note 3's. And lastly I was sick of waiting YEARS AND YEARS for simple options, features, and settings that Apple was holding back from it's customers who paid damn high prices for their iPhones. Oh and one more, I was sick of having to jailbreak just to try and get some of the optional settings Apple should have included years before. The last straw was when I stopped at best buy and starting playing with one of these. I was blown away by how fast and smooth it is, and HUGE AND BEAUTIFUL too!If you're just a casual phone user who talks and texts and maybe uses facebook but that's about it, yeah stick to your iPhone, you'll never have a problem with it, they are solid phones with super clean easy to use operating systems. But if you're like me and you use every setting and app on your phone, spend hours a day on your phone, use it for work, play, and entertainment, this is the device for you right here!!! Simply put, this phone will do EVERYTHING an iPhone will do and WAY MORE! Duh, it has a quad core processor and 3 FREAKIN GIGS OF RAM!!! So obviously it's going to smoke anything on the market in speed. The huge beautiful display obviously smokes any other phone on the market and it's the only device with the S pen and all it's cool features. Originally I thought the S pen would be silly and I wouldn't use it much, I was wrong, it's awesome! I don't use it all the time, probably about 30% of the time, but I must say when I'm using it, I'm loving it. There's times where it's fun to use and other times where you're going to want to put it away and just use your fingers. For facebook I use the S pen. If I'm having long texting conversations I just use my finger and the swipe texting feature.It's a no-brainer, if you are drawn to this phone and think you might like it, I promise you'll love it! If you're a die hard iPhone user who doesn't want to deal with such a huge device go with your gut because that's what this is all about, getting what you want. I want features, usability, options, processing power, speed (RAM), and a huge screen. I get all that on the note 3 and basically none of that on an iPhone.Good luck to ya in your purchase! Feel free to ask questions, I answer all questions asked of me as I'm a real person giving my real honest opinion.

I am enjoying the larger screen that this phone has. I use it mainly as a tablet instead of a cell phone.

got this for my wife and she loves it.  a little on the large side, but i guess you know that if you are looking at it in the first place.

The phn freezes up. Powers off. I think this is a used phn! I regret purchasing it online instead of going into the att store. I will never do it again. I work so much. But next time I will take a vacation day if I break or drop my phone.

Everything is good on the device until you use the GPS on it. This include all the apps that uses it.Its very unreliable and will really break your heart. I switch from am iphone and now really regretting the switch because of this issue. I use my gps a lot when going to places and heavily rely on the navigation. This is why I am pretty sad to have bought this device (my most expensive phone purchase) knowing later on that it is defective.I suggest don't buy unless you are willing to accept this problem.Read more about it from this posting for people who knows about it.[...]

I love my phone!

I've been a fan of the bigger sized phones for some time and Samsung has been paving the way in terms of quality large phones. I remember when I had the 4.5in screened Samsung Infuse and it was considered large. I've had a Note and Note 2 and loved both. Note 3 continues the tradition of keeping everything that worked, improving where needed, and adding features I wouldn't have even thought to ask. So many of the little annoyances I had with my Note 2 have been addressed.  Its clear they put a lot of thought into finding out what people loved and wanted changed.When I first held the phone I fell in love. The form factor is just great and the screen is a noticeable jump up. That's saying something when the Note 2 already had a stellar screen resolution. I don't feel the need to have this one in a case. The slippery back of the Note 2 required a case as I dropped it a couple times when holding it bare.Rather than go on feature by feature I'll suffice to say everything feels like a great and noticeable improvement. S-pen, camera, screen, on and on its the phone I loved before but better in every way I could have asked for. I've tried dozens of smartphones over the past 5 years. The Note 2 was the first one I actually held onto for a year. I easily see myself holding onto the 3 that much or longer (depending on when they bring out a 4th ;) ).I highly recommend this phone.*Update a week in. I'm still just as impressed with this phone if not more so. The biggest thing I've found since my review is how much battery this phone offers. The battery size is insignificantly larger than the Note 2 which means they really improved the performance greatly to have increased battery efficiency this much. With the Note 2 most days of average us (lots of music streaming but not much else) I'd be about out of battery by end of work 5pm-ish. Now I'm at around 50%. I can make it through a full day without charge using the phone a good amount throughout. I did a test a couple days ago purposefully trying to drain it as fast as possible. Screen on high brightness near continuously while downloading several GB of data over 4G (I still have unlimited) and it lasted over 6 hours! I remain extremely happy I got this phone.

I upgraded from the S3 with Sprint to the Note 3 with at&t.; The service with at&t; compared to Sprint is like night and day. Sprint may have unlimited dats, but when you are getting less than 100kBps it's not really that unlimited. Even when it was connected to LTE there were times when I still wasn't getting more than 1 or 2 Mbps. I consistently have an LTE signal with at&t; and get 15Mbps or more down, with it rarely going below 5Mbps.On the device itself. It's a great upgrade from the S3. I never have to worry about battery life. The camera takes great photos if you know what you are doing and the stylus gives you some great extra features. The screen is crisp and colors pop.Hints for the device:If you are outside with the device and in direct sunlight you will definitely want to put into auto brightness mode instead of cranking it up yourself. Auto mode will actually boost the brightness higher in situations where it needs to than what you can manually.You are better off using Google Music (or another 3rd party app) instead of the stock Samsung player. I have found that, for whatever reason, there is more noise when playing through the Samsung app. I tested this in my car, same song, directly connected.If you want a decent amount of protection, but don't want a ton of bulk, consider the S-View Flip Cover and Spigen's Magnetic clip to keep it closed. It may not look like it gives much protection, but if you look closely at the cover it overlaps the device. So if you were to drop it, it would hit the cover before it would ever hit the corner of your device.

I have been an Apple iPhone since the beginning, but I fell in love with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3.  I will never look back at the Apple iPhone again.Does everything I want and more!  I can actually see everything on the phone without my glasses!

I bought this as my upgrade from a IPhone 3gs soo lets just say I did wait a long time for the perfect phone ...Love the screen and all the cool features.....And Amazon has the cheapest pricing for this phone and fast PRIME shipping :)

I purchased this for my wife when she broke dropped her Note 2 on the concrete, and it cracked... (sigh), no damage warranty (dumb of us), ATT wanted WAY too much to repair it, &#34;other&#34; companies wanted too much also.. so we just spent the money and bought one of these... It was pricy, but WOW, this thing is awesome.  I have the Note, so we have used all three of them.  This one makes my Note seem archaic!  It is fast, she spends more time surfing the net on the Note 3 then the notebook now!  FYI, may I suggest that you spend the extra money and get the OEM cover or it.  My wife loves how the display adjusts to the window with pertinent information!

it very good for me, one little thing is drain battery quickly download or surf on the web, the other 5 stars!!!!!

Have been using iphone since 3gs came out. I'm thinking it is time for a change, both the OS and the size of the phone. So I picked the note 3. So far so good. Big screen, easy to customize, can even remove the google search bar, woo hoo! Battery life wise, it is doing ok, usually it can hold up a day's use. But it is just ok, nothing surprising, unlike what I heard about the G2. The stylus is amazing, very convenient to take notes with it. Camera is fine, but the camera app is inferior compared to iphone.

This is probably one of the best phones I have ever owned. The camera is amazing, even in low light conditions. The IR blaster has an amazing range. I was in the cafeteria at work and I was able to turn on captions from about 150-200ft away from the television. The battery would last me the whole day and I was getting about 4 hours to 4.5 hours of screen time per full charge.The only issue that I had with this phone is the screen size. I have medium sized hands and one handed use was impossible. The 5.5 inch screen got too big for me. 5 inches is the ideal screen size for me. I currently have the LG G2. It has amazing battery life and cyanogenmod 11.Touchwiz also slows downs the phone. I believe that rooting and having stock android ROM is required for every android phone these days. Manufacturers fill up the phone with too much bloatware.

Hi, Prior to buying Note 3, I was using iphone 4S. Infact I don't have anything to comment on iphone 4S and I was very happy. I was looking for a phone as I completed my contract with ATT (iphone). Then during thanks giving I saw that galaxy S4 was for free if I just upgrade. Almost decided to buy galaxy S4, but when I saw Note 3 I really started loving it and it was priced at $299.99 with 2 years contract with ATT. So I decided to buy Note 3 and waited to see if the price drops. Meanwhile I did couple of research to see the feedback for Note 3. And I was pretty much happy with the features and other users response. Last month I oredered my phone from amazon and been using since 2 weeks. All that I want to say is that Note 3 is a great phone. After using Samsung galaxy Note 3, now if I see iphone 4S... Never I can go back to use a phone with small screen. Now am used to Note 3 screen. This phone has all the features that has stuffed within. If you are looking for one, then this is a great phone. For 1 day I felt its a big phone but now its no more big for me.

Major GPS problems, apparently GPS problems - appear to be a hardware problem on some phones. See http://goo.gl/PaIx3V for details.Otherwise this is a great phone and worth noting AT&T; shipped me a replacement and it works great so far(hence raising from 1 star to 4.Also, worth noting, a middle finger raised towards Amazon for not supporting Text to Speech in kindle on amazon and for not supporting video and Amazon Instant Video on Android when it IS supported on Kindle which runs android. Basically they have pushed me to purchase books on google and video on vudu. I assume this is not what they intended.More details:Note 3 - this is long:a. wanted to only carry 1 device, not phone, iPad, and a kindle. To do that it means I am starting to buy books from google or convert from kindle to google. This is for a very specific use case - I find it valuable to have text spoken to me as I read technical or other non-fiction books. I need to try the general screen readers as well. Mostly it is less good at this use case then I wanted.b. I chose to invite complexity of android into my life by getting a Note. I would recommend android to almost no one.c. If you choose android give up any pretense of privacy. You have none. Stuff I did on my phone began showing up on my laptop searches. I now use tor router, a limited keyboard and duckduckgo for much of my day to day work. Check out google play guardian project apps for a bit more privacy.I believe iPhone and Windows Phone are superior in almost every way. For me solving the myriad problems of it was a way to refocus on a consumer product and technology in general.c. A consumer should not have to go hunting for a podcast player (pick your favorite standard feature,) nor should they then have to download 4 which each have radically different UI's to pick their favorite.d. NO ONE should have to use touchwiz (sorry, I got a hairball just thinking about it. )e. It is huge.f. Mine appears to have a gps defect, new one arrives today or monday.g. Every useful app wants access to everything about me they can findh. bluetooth stereo fails in my car so most of the voice features fail for me - bloody heck, my iPhone 4 worked better!And yet, I find it works well for me.Best I can tell it is for a series of reasons - *'s next to the ones that are strongest:*a. Email while less pretty works well and has a filter by unread mode which i like.*b. Being able to read all the events on the calendar in month view is glorious.*c. Nova Launcher makes me happy (without this I would have returned it due to touchwiz)*d. The battery just keeps goinge. being able to swap keyboards is nice*f. After a month I began actually using the stylus. For note taking in meetings it is less obtrusive and works very well.*g. the large screen is glorioush. I have become a fan of todotxt(.com) and it works well here*i. I loved that I could try 70 GTD todolist apps till I found one that i likej. evernote and last pass work well.*k. multiwindow is AWESOME**l. widgets rock (tip of the hat to Nokia Symbian for this idea.)*m. dolphin browsern. google now, though a privacy nightmare, is very coolThings that would make it perfect: 1. if i get screen reader working to read just when i want, 2. if I could get it to read and let me respond to email.

By far the best phone I have ever had. I had the orginal galaxy S and S2. I was not very impressed with them so I switched to the iphone 4s which I kept for 2 years then made the switch back to Samsung after playing around with the Note 3 in the store. By far the best phone ...has the best features and Andriod software is a lot better and more capable than the Apple OS or windows for that matter. Could use a few more apps though especially free ones. Apple store always had a wide selection of free apps unlike some of the 99 cent apps in the Andriod / Google Play store. Those dollars add up quick.. but as far as phone capabilities, software, screen size, s-pen feature etc there is no comparision..

Big AMOLED screen for my old tired eyes to watch moves or browse the Net, stylus+digitizer allow me to draw, good camera software with 120ps slo-mo capture. Plenty of third-party accessories. Good xda support with third party ROMs.

i thought this phone would be like the authentic note 3 from at&t, but it is a complete copy of it and it has a very cheap exterior. Also i did not receive headphones or other items presented in the original package.  I would never buy a phone from here again!

I have been playing games on the phone and the phone sometimes randomly shuts itself. I would like to get a replacement if this happens more in the future

I love this phone. I wanted the note 2 when it came out but it wasn't time for my upgrade. I'm very happy with it. I actually do school work on my phone. I very rarely use my tablet. It's the best of both worlds.

Wow...!!! What a device. The moment I opened the box and till date I am awestruck by the beauty of this phone. I had Note 2 prior to this one, if you compare the two there is not much of a difference (from the perspective of light user like me). But within itself this is a beast of a device. There is hardly anything you can not do with this device. They have diversified the use of S-Pen, the colors are good, the videos look stunning on full HD screen.I have always been a fan of bigger screen phones and this one does not disappoint me any one bit. I think it is a great choice over other big screen phones and even apple. The ease of use and compatibility with so many devices add a new dimension to this device. I love the way I can share the screen of my phone on my smart TV wirelessly.From my side full marks to the device. If you think you can handle bigger devices, this is the one for you, look no further.

Bought this as a gift for my wife. She had an iPhone that was having some battery issues and other annoyances. She was pretty much a die in the wool apple person (all other electronics are/were apple). She loved it over her iPhone. The screen resolution and size was soo much better than the iPhone. Battery lasts just as long as here iPhone battery use to last, but she gets way more power. She loves all the new features. The stylist works well. She likes being able to write down a phone number, have it convert to text, and then click on it to simply make a call. She is also using my NFC tags that I have already set up at home for my Galaxy 4, where it simply turns on the stereo, closes the garage door and sets the house temp to home mode (no we do not have a smart house, just some cool add on devices - way cheaper). I could not get that to work with the iPhone. Anyway, she loves the phone and is very happy with it.  Did not have any trouble learning all the new features...that was the fun part. So if you are thinking of giving this as a gift to an iPhone person...I think they will be astounded by the performance. Just make a bit more investment so that they get to use some of the fun features.. like NFC tags etc.

I was the first in Texas to purchase the Samsung Galaxy Note (the first Note) when it came out.  I skipped the Note 2 because it seemed like there was not a lot changed and the Note 2 had some things missing, but when the Note 3 came out, I knew that the phone was going to be great.  I was not the first person to get one, but I did get one within an hour of the store openingI really like the Google system of being able to sync your contacts and calendar with your android phone.  This made changing phones so much easier.  Within a few minutes of actually receiving the phone I had my contacts and calendar loaded up and ready to go.The "S" pen is alright.  When you take out the pen, a small menu comes up at the bottom right of the screen that let's you pick from an assortment of apps like launching the S-note feature or searching for content on your phone.  With my old phone, I took out the pen, then had to find and launch the S-note app and then take the note.  This little pop up window is handy, but I really doubt if peole will purchase the phone just for this option.The screen on this phone is amazing.  The phone has 388 ppi.  The numbers mean little not me, but the screen is very easy to look at.  Letters in documents are crisp, pictures have sharp edges with no blur in them.  The colors looks very good... I think (I am color blind, like colors matter to me... LOL)The camera does a pretty good job.  In some test photos that I have taken the phone is slow to focus, so the ability to take the phone out of a pocket to get the spontaneous quick shot is not there, but the camera does take some really nice pictures.  The video portion of the camera is where things start to fall apart.  The video camera is not the greatest as far as lighting goes.  When switching from camera to video recorder, the picture dims, and I have had to turn on extra lights to take a video.  I do not use the cell phone as my video recorder to often, so this does not present to big of a problem, but if you are going to use this phone as your primary means of recording video, you will not be happy.  Maybe this little problem will get fixed in an update.  The slow motion video is works well, but suffers from the same lighting problem as the other video function do.Talking to you phone.  I love this feature.  The phone can be completely asleep and then you say "Hi Galaxy: and the phone wakes up.  I mainly use this feature with text messages.  You can ask the phone for the weather, a joke for the day, dial a phone number by numbers or name, you can even ask the phone if you are sexy (LOL).  The phone does have a problem with dialing by name some times.  For example, the phone has a problem with "Tammy" vs "Tommy" vs "Timmy".  That is to be expected though.  I have problems with those names too.  As far as dictating a text message or looking something up on the internet using your voice, there is really no problem there.I love the Miracast.  The TV I own has Miracast built in (to my surprise) and it is a novelty to have my phone screen mirrored on my TV.  I am nit too sure what I would do with a 58" android screen, but having that option is nice.  You can also send your youtube video from the phone to your TV screen, which I really like.I did do an Antutt benchmark on the Phone.  The phone scored an impressive 35308.  Most people do not purchase a phone based upon bench marks.  Most people buy a phone based upon price, features and looks.  But if you are going to use the phone for gaming, I am sure that for a long time to come, the phone will be able to play all the games for android.The phone does come with bloatware pre-loaded from AT&T;, and Samsung has their app where you can purchase or rent a movie from them.  I guess some people will use this option, but not many.  It is there if you feel the need.The back of the phone is detachable like the all the Samsung line.  It is thicker, and when removing the back, I didn't feel like I might accidentally rip apart the back cover.  It has a texture to it.  People are calling is a faux leather back.  If you can touch the back of the phone, or even take a close look at it, you will notice instantly that it is not leather.  It does as a better grip to the phone.  I have dropped by Note 1 before several time just because the phone was too slick.  This will hopefully stop some of the drops the phone has to take in it's life time.I placed the phone in the charging dock that I purchase with my original Galaxy Note.  It is difficult to place the phone in there because of the USB 3 mini female connector, but it does work, without a thin TPU case on it.  When the phone is place in the dock, the calendar shows for several minutes and then the screen dims showing the date, time and some weather data.Battery life has been really good.  I used the phone for an extended period of time, starting with a 53% charge, I was able to use the phone for several hours.  I finally quite trying to drain the battery.What I do not like about the phone:Samsung has an app called "My Magazine".  When you touch the bottom of the phone near the home button, this little app launches.  I have launched the "My Magazine" app many times trying to press one of the "button" on the "bottom dock" (the row of apps right above the home button)In conclusion, this is a really nice, flag ship cell phone.  In reality, the S pen is not very useful, but more useful than what it had been in the past.  I really like the cell phone and cannot wait to see what the next couple of years will bring to the cell phone industry.

Coming from iphone, the Galaxy Note 3 feels much larger in hand and difficult to operate with one hand, but I like the camera and the screen area it provides. Note 3 has viewing area that is almost double that of iPhone 4 and 1080p resolution is definitely a plus.I still am not familiar with all bells and whistles of it, but am loving whatever I've getting to know of this phone.

Coming to this after the Nokia Lumia 1020. I loved the camera on the 1020, but it just can't make up for the lackluster OS. I left iphone for the nokia, and now that I have the Note 3, I doubt I'll ever return to apple. The camera, while good in overall performance, does leave a little to be desired in the consistency of sharp focus. Everything else is great, though I notice, the signal strength on this phone isn't quite that of the iphone or even the nokia.

That's what she said. No, really, she did say my phone was so big, but then really loved the screen. I've been a Samsung guy since the Captivate. This is by far the best phone I've ever had.

I hope there is a time sometime in the future when we don't have to pay $750.00 for a phone that is loaded with 9GB of useless bloatware and commercials. Capitalism at it's best. Other than Samsung's attempt at control, the phone is great.HELPFUL HINT (I hope): If you are having random WIFI dropouts (as I have, and several other Note 3 users) purchase a router that operates on both 2.4G and 5G spectrums. My other router was only 2.4G and my note would drop the signal about 50 times a day. I rarely ever have my WIFI dropped now since I stay on 5G signal. My Galaxy S4 NEVER had this problem with the old router, nor does my Verizon HTC One MAX... JUST the Note 3.

I am LOVVVVVEEEEE this phone. I upgraded from Samsung Galaxy 2. I was considering going back to Iphone but THANK GOD I did not. This phone is addictive. I love the S pen, all the little things you can write and draw with, shortcuts. Battery life is excellent. Pictures, Videos are crisp clear.Huge memory, nice leather back, super light. It is big for my tiny hands but that why we have blue tooth and ear phones to talk on but it's great for surfing, videos!! Just AWESOME!! Good Job Samsung. This is a FANTABULOUS phablet.

As a long time user of Note 1, Note 2, and the rest of Galaxy line up, including Tab 3 8.0, I will share one key problem on this phone that is usually not covered by any of the other "reviews".If you're like me and use Outlook to keep all contacts, emails, etc., then DON'T buy this phone just yet (as of Oct 8th, 2013).I use Samsung Kies to sync all my contacts, tasks, notes, etc., but the current version of Kies 3.0 is BETA and lacks the SYNC function.  Not knowing this, I activated my new Note 3 and configured all my emails/apps, then found out that my previous Kies 2.x was incompatible with Note 3.  Note 3 only works with Kies 3.0 and since it doesn't have Sync function yet, my 3000+ contacts from Outlook can't be synced.  The only other option is to sync Outlook with Google, Yahoo, Hotmail, or some other accounts.  Unfortunately, POP3 or sync options require third part apps which usually costs some money while creating extra work.  You can export/import contacts to .csv to Google, then sync.  But this doesn't get all the custom fields or images in Contacts.Here is how I am temporarily bypassing the need for Kies 3.0 sync function:-- on your PC --1. Create an account with hotmail.com or outlook.com.2. Download Microsoft Outlook Connector and install it on your computer with Outlook. It's free download from Microsoft.3. When you exit and restart Outlook, the Outlook Connector will prompt for the login information for hotmail/outlook.  That will automatically create new Outlook folders for both Inbox and Contacts.4. You should now have two Contacts folders - one from your Outlook and the new one for Hotmail/Outlook.com.  Select all contacts from Contacts and copy/paste into the Hotmail/Outlook.com Contacts folder.5. Press F9 to start Outlook sync.  This will upload all contacts to Hotmail/Outlook.com.-- on your phone --6. On your Galaxy Note on Google Play, download and install the Outlook.com app and login.7. When you install and configure the Outlook.com app, it will give you the option to Sync all mail and contacts to Phone.  Do so!You can replicate Calendar by copy, paste, and sync just like Contacts.  This process isn't automatic, but this is the best free option for now.For this reason, I'm knocking down a star.  Otherwise, the phone itself is every bit as advertised.  Slim, long battery life, great screen, very responsive, etc.  Unfortunately, this is second to having all my contacts and calendar synced for business (and personal if you have a busy family/friend schedule!)Strongly recommended if don't mind the hassle with Outlook sync.  Most everyone else will do just fine.-- Update 10/15/2013 --Kies 3.0 is still beta and doesn't support Sync yet.Now that I've used the phone in variety of situations, all I can say is that the battery life is amazing.  I can go 3 days with light use where Note 1 had me charging every 4 hours and Note 2 charging once a day  Watching Netflix non-stop (Walking Dead), I was able to watch 3 episodes with 40% still left on battery (Wifi).One minor complaint is the display.  For some reason, my eyes get tired (eye strain) within seconds viewing this beautiful screen.  I didn't have this problem with Note 1 or Note 2.  Comparing them side-by-side, I was able to observe that the Note 3 has "blurry" fonts when tilted to one side at certain angles.  The characters look sharp and clear when viewed dead on.  Being a camera enthusiast, my guess is that the new integrated glass on Note 3 induces optical blurriness when viewed at some tilted angles due to the layering of the glass with touch mechanics.  Or, maybe it's just my eyes.  YMMV.-- Update 10/26/2013 --Samsung Kies 3.1.13103_22 was released, however it still lacks Sync function.  On a side note, I am happy to share that the Note 3 camera takes fantastic photos during both day and night. Compared with iPhone 5 taken at the same time and Note 3 was by far sharper and better all around.-- Update 12/4/2013 --Kies 3.2.13114 is now available and features OUTLOOK Sync for Contacts, Calendar, and Tasks.  However, don't expect any flexibility as this is very basic.  For example, you are unable to change syncing direction.  By default, it's set to "Apply to both device and Outlook" with no place to change it to "Apply to device only" or "Apply to Outlook only".This is not a show stopper as I could only imagine more improvements over time.  It's not perfect, but I'll take it!!!!Upgraded from 4 to 5 stars.Thank you!!!!!

Iove this phone! I've made the switch from the Apple iPhone 4s and I didn't think that I would like the Android operating system. But boy was I wrong I love this phone I love the screen size and I also love the whole Android experience. the only thing that I don't like is that the LTE service will consume your data plan fortunately I'm grandfathered in with my Data but I shoot thru 5 gigabytes within 7 days this phone should have a switch that you can turn off LTE switch to 4G when you don't want to use as much data and the second i fault is the speakers they are little thin sounding but the doable.

Good Phone, but android is too complicated for my mother to use.  There is a easy mode, but you don't get any of the widgets.  I should have gotten her an iPhone

You can read the specs above (or other reviews). I am going straight to the meat of the matter.Pros:The best screen @1080P, this screen is bright and vibrant.Multi window feature is nice! I use it all the time, especially pairs like Chrome+Maps, YouTube+Chorme, Gmail+SNote, etcNice Camera (13 MP) with many features.WatchON remote; I control TV and cablebox with the phoneCons:HUGE BATTERY HOG. I need to charge the battery (sometimes) 3 times a day.Hate touchwiz. It is a horrible UI. The UI wastes pixels, Samsung could have used smaller fonts, and better grid to layout 5 icons in 1 row.Hate the EasyTouchWiz Home screen, which sometimes shows up when backing out of SettingsHATE the physical buttons. ... Samsung, earnest request from an ardent Android user, ... please let these buttons go.My fingers are not fat, but the frame around the buttons is so thin, I accidentally hit the physical buttons when I rest the palm, or hit the screen buttons when I touch the home button.I strongly recommend buying Nexus 5 over Samsung Note 3 ... there is nothing earth shattering about this phone.

[Forget those silly complaints about region lock.  They do not affect 99.99% of users and no USA carriers.  The N9000 is the European phone, and gets setup for the carrier used in the European country where you activate the phone.  Period.  US users need to get the phone for their respective carrier which changes the last digit of the number.  It's that simple. Amazon makes both available.  I teach overseas yearly.  I keep my phone in airplane mode and use Wi-Fi or get a cheap phone card.]First, I am not affiliated with Samsung in any way, nor do I work for a cell phone store.  I am a writer though.Secondly, I hate long reviews with the poster  just reports the specs you already have.  Rather, these comments show why the Galaxy Note 3 is more technologically advanced, and more phone for your money, compared to the many good phones on the market today.  As for those phones that only show an app screen.  I call them cave phones.1.  The beautiful  5.7" Super Amoled HD display has a "Wow!"  factor.  Everything is crisp and clear with a resolution of 1920 x 1080P, 386 PPI.  Despite a few good contenders, no phone on the market can match the combination of vibrant color, and deep blacks.  Check it out for yourself.  For those who prefer drab, you can even adjust color intensity and contrast.Is this practical?  You bet.  You get more viewable data for all social networking apps;  you can see more email and contacts without scrolling; browsing is quick and pages more visible; YouTubes and video are fantastic; games are more playable; you can see larger areas on GPS maps;  you get a better view of radar in weather; (live) wallpapers look great; you can use it as a reader; you can multitask with it; and with the right productivity apps you can even get some work done on it.  I will never go back to a small screen phone.  This phone is a joy to use.2.  The CPU (For US versions) is the quad core Qualcomm snapdragon 800 @ 2.3, which is the fastest processor on the planet as of this time.  It will perform well for years to come.  A few other phones have it.  No lag on this baby.  Just try to do things to outpace it.  It moves data faster than you can see.  Partially because of #3.3.  The Adreno 330 GPU is the best on the market, a few other phones have it.  Graphics are amazing.  It is 50% faster than the Adreno 320 in the Galaxy S4 which is a screamer.4.  It's the only phone to come with 3 GB of DDR 3 RAM.  It also comes standard with 32 gigs of storage  and you can add more with an SD card.  Note: No extra charges for these!5.  It has a great 13 megapixel camera with useful software, a BSI Sensor, Smart Digital Stabilization and high CRI LED.  Very few phones have this.  It is also the only phone to  do 4K video right now - sharp!  It also does 1080P video at 60 FPS which is great.6.  No other phone has USB 3.0.  2 advantages: the phone charges very quickly on the 2 amp charger and nice thick cable.  File transfer times are faster.  With USB 3.0, a 2 gig file takes 27 seconds from the Note 3 to my (high end) PC.  With USB 2.0 the same file takes 57 seconds.7.  How many phones have an S Pen?  Except for email and quick notes, I seldom used the S Pen on my original Galaxy Note, but the Note 3 comes with some useful software making it more functional,  and the handwriting recognition is scary accurate.8.  How many phones have a huge 3200 mA battery?  It easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use despite the large screen.  Hardware CPU and GPU  improvements, as well as Android 4.3 make the 100 mA bump over the Note 2 even more significant.  You can also open the back and change out the battery - unlike some phones.9.  It does infrared remote control.  It also has TV-out (via MHL  A/V link),  Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, and gesture sensor.  I'm serious people, you get more for your money.10.  Hello multitasking!  The fast CPU & GPU, extra memory, and high-resolution 5.7 inch screen make multitasking feasible and fun on a cell phone.  You can even scroll through multiple applications in each split screen.  This is even better if you hook up a keyboard and mouse via Bluetooth or USB, and connect through HDMI to your TV or computer monitor.  The Note 3 can actually serve as a small computer.  How many phones can do that?  You can also mirror the phone screen with your smart TV for internet, games, viewing pics, whatever.11.  This the best cell phone for gaming on the market , period.  The above features and OpenGL 3.0 which is part of Android 4.3 make it happen.  Don't believe me?  Read the reviews, watch the you tubes, and compared it for yourself.12.  It doesn't just have GPS, it also uses A GPS (improved), and Glonass Satellites.  DL a GPS satellite app, and you'll see it will access between 5 and 25 satellites at once depending on time of day and location.13.  Got Knox?  No, you don't.  This phone provides business enterprise, and government level security for boot, VPN, etc., and comes in handy for privacy on public Wi-Fi.  You don't have to use it, but it is there.14.  The air command and air gesture features make the phone futuristic.  How many phones do that?15.  Is the screen too large for one handed operation?  Yes, but so what?  The tradeoff is worth it.  Besides, Samsung now includes software to shrink it for one-handed so you get the best of both worlds.16.  I have been using the original Galaxy Note, which is actually wider,  wearing suit pants to jeans.  Both phones  fit fine in your pocket.  Don't worry about it unless you wear skinny jeans.17.  The TouchWiz UI is fine, and superfast now, but I prefer a 3rd party launcher - Go Launcher EX from the play store.  Over a million users.  So, the launcher is not a deciding factor in phone purchase for any Android manufacturer.There are a few things that Samsung needs to improve in my opinion.  I don't know how many thousands of people need to tell them that putting the volume rockers directly opposite the power button is inconvenient  for users.  The Note 2 placement was better but still wrong.I do like the new speaker placement though.  Its perfect for horizontal viewing because your hand channels the sound to the user.  However, there should be two of them or a better one.  It is Ok, just not great like the rest of the phone.This phone should also be waterproof right out-of-the-box.  Not a scaled-down version, just waterproof the thing.  Other manufacturers are doing it for their flagship phones.  That means Samsung can do it too.  Truth be known, we users never want to see another flagship phone that is not waterproof.  It's doable, so please do it.  Smoke it with that nano-whatever  waterproofing stuff.  You went to CES.All that said, I'm very happy, with the Note 3.  IMHO the Note 3 is so powerful and functional, it is the first device I would classify as a hand held computer.  As a professor, I researched it for days and used the original Galaxy Note for over a year now.  There are other good phones, but the Note 3 does it in one package, and in most cases does it better,  for the same flag-ship- phone price.  I feel sorry for the fanboys and people believing advertising  hype who don't research the market.  They pay top dollar but don't get their money's worth.  Amazon is a great place to get your money's worth and to find out user information.  Thanks Amazon.Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention, it's a really good phone too.Recommendation - get a case for any phone, one that raises a bevel on the front glass, and try to find a good screen protector.

I tried two of them. Experienced the same problem with both and it's an ongoing issue. No signal indoors. None, Zero! No voice, no data. Again, two different phones. ATT changed the sim card 3 times; no success. iPhone in the same room with blazing signal. Samsung refueses to take responsibility. They want me to send it in for &#34;Repair!!&#34; The phone is brand new. I'll lose my job for not having a phone for 10 days. $700 phone but they won't admit that some unites are defective. I'm going to sue Samsung. Anyone interested email me at new90113@gmail.com. I have lots of screenshots!!

I'm still getting used to the size of it and I did not purchase from Amazon.com and I have Sprint (ugghhh)...but I absolutely LOVE this phone! I fell in love with the original Note and then the Note 2 but was always stuck in a 2 year contract with another phone...I was able to get it this time and I am soooo happy! It's a Phablet on steroids...I remember seeing the term 'Phablet' on CNET when they were reviewing the Note 3 and thought it was a cute lil phrase. Now, I see exactly what they were talking about. This is like a mini computer/tablet/phone in one...plus more.Movies and games are gorgeous...even the older ones...The camera is ridic...photos are super clear...The screen is soooo clear and beautiful to look at...everything just looks better...especially compared to the Galaxy 3...My husband got the Galaxy 4...which is just the smaller version of the Note 3...He loves it!Coming from the Samsung Galaxy 3 - which was horrible and way worse than the Galaxy 2, I was unsure of what to expect...This has more than surpassed my expectations!Pros:Excellent, clear screenSuper fastHolds a charge for 2 days with regular useGorgeous look & feelCons:New chargerStylus not quite as responsive...but then again, I don't use itI've had the phone for 5 days now and will try to update...

I give u a 3 because the phone is pretty stuffed up For 450 price tag

I just didn't like it. It wasn't my thing. I went with something else. I've found I tend not to like Samsung products in general so I will likely not try any more of this brand.

Pros: screen size, screen brightness, stylus, battery life (2+ days if minimal use), amazon's free 50 MB cloud service, form factor (can hold and text in 1 hand comfortably), lots of Touchwiz features to explore, photo quality, build qualityCons: Fits all my pants/shorts pockets but snuglyWent with a 2yr contract with ATT and this is the phone to get you through those 2 years and beyond. I've been using the stylus a lot - grocery lists, to do lists, spur of the moment memos, games, email, etc. I've read lots of reviews online from tech 'experts' and the best reasons they have against the phone are: Touchwiz bloatware, no optical image stabilization, plastic back. None are even close to mattering for me. Buy it already!
