
Can I buy the Samsung Note3 from Verizon and Sprint activates it? Just curious,  what's the reason why Sprint charges more for the same phone model, brand and type?

best phone I have ever used

Samsung continues to dominate the cell phone industry. Love its many features. Buying through Amazon gets a phone in my hands in just 2 days

I've had everything from the motoq, razor, Evo, Ip4 and S3 . . . not to mention countless others . . . and I can say without a doubt this is the best device on the market . . . . Screen Quality is amazing, I don't know how I functioned without S-pen before . . . . the built in antenna for wifi is extremely strong . . . I could probably write a book about features and uses but I don't like to read long rating reviews and you probably don't either . . .so I would suggest checking out &#34;Drip&#34; in the play store for feature details.  But if you are looking for leading edge, state of the art technology then the Note 3 is the best.  And you can't beat Amazon's pricing.  I did experience some of the call issues that others have noted on the Sprint network but most of those issues have been addressed.  There are still a few problems but I'm sticking with Sprint.

The good stuff.if i could give it 4.5 stars i would. Its a great phone with a BEAUTIFUL screen. It has all these nice features. The battery life is amazing. I start it out at 620 am and at 8 pm i still had 20 % of my battery life. I had the 4g lte on all day and Im on it 70% of the time. I was going to buy an extended battery but there was no point. Buy a case for this phone and A TEMPERED GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR. it you dont know what it is then google it! I dropped it on the face and the screen protector saved me a 200 replacement cost. I have no issues with call quality or trying to hear anybody. The camera is sexy! it charges pretty fast.the negative.Its size isnt for everyone.... im 6ft 3 200 lbs and my hands are pretty big.It feels very light even though thats a good thing. i always had this feeling that i would drop itthe instructional manual that came with the phone is useless.there so many features to this phone and there nice and all but it has a SERIOUS learning curve to it. There is so many things you can change and edit on this thing.if you think your gonna use it with one hand sucessfully your crazy.Overall all, I love my note 3. I had a iphone 5s and i dont miss it at all. period.

I've only had it for 1 week now but love the phone. No coverage issues. Where I live Sprint doesn't have the best coverage anyway but it's Sprint, not the phone. Had an HTC EVO 4 and other phones before that and the coverage only gets better as Sprint improves thier equipment that provides the service, has little to do with the phones. With that being said the phone is excellent. Amazing color display and photos look better on my phone than on my pc. Battery life is great too compared to my previous phone. Can go all day long without charging it and maybe longer. Still used to keeping my old phone in the charger because the battery didn't last more than 8 hours. After 8 hours with the Note 3 the battery at most has only used 30% of its charge. I will never understand why people like the i-Phone

Great phone in general. Wish it had a slightly better or smoother interface. But it is most definitely worth the buy.

Previous issues with call quality have been corrected.  I've had this device for a week now and it is incredible.  The display is large, clear and bright.  It is leaps and bounds ahead of my old Galaxy S II phone (as it should be).  I haven't been able to find any drawbacks or other issues as of yet.  All in all, this is a great phone.

This is the best phone I've purchased! It will be hard going back to a smaller size phone, also the battery life is not as bad as review said. There are multiple things you can do in order to keep the battery running longer. My only thing is the stylus is off track around the edge and I can't seem to fix.

Best Android phone I have ever had! It is very fast and full of useful features. I would recommend it to anybody.

Just wish the camera was as good as the note 2! It records video really close as well. It's a nice phone though. Fast and pretty!

The Note 3 for Sprint is amazing! I live in the Bay area (Berkeley) and get great reception and people tell me they can hear me clearer in calls. No problems there. It does everything I want and I love it. Well worth the money!Maybe Samsung fixed teh problem others were having, or maybe I just go lucky.

Even very old HTC EVO phone allows taking pictures with its built-in camera during a phone conversation.  Not so with this Samsung.  Very disappointing!

I had a Galaxy S2 in 2012 and in early 2013, it was dropped rendering the phone unusable. I ordered a Palm Centro until I was due for an upgrade which was this August. At that time, the S4 had come out but I was waiting for the much rumored Note 3. Now a few weeks after its launch and release, I can say that I am pleased that I have waited. I waited a few weeks to ensure I had a case before taking delivery and purchased the phone through BestBuy Mobile. BestBuy price matched the price you see (249.99, down from 324.99 in Kansas).Having used a Galaxy S2, the phone call quality is about the same. Not any worse and not any better - it is just satisfactory and does its job.  I have NOT, repeat, NOT experienced the terrible phone call quality that people are talking about -  I could not ask for a better quality as it sounds just perfectly fine (on both ends). Using my Palm Centro replacement these past 7-8 months, I can say that this Note 3 phone certainly shows improvement but in general, has very clear quality and my friends on the receiving end also enjoy a better quality phone call.What you see with these terrible reviews must be a on a case by case basis or is Sprint Service related (not the phone). Realize that if the phone does not work to your standards you have time to return the phone. Regardless, this phone has been a joy to use. I can view documents, internet, etc with ease. The S-pen, which I do not use much, is supposedly more functional and has more options. the Stylus secures tight into the body, the back cover is nice, the screen resolution is amazing, the speed of the phone is blazing. there are so many options that you might need to ask google to solve settings that best serve you but all in all, the past week has been a great one with the new Note 3.If you were planning to get this phone but are on guard, do not STOP from buying it. I have seen some of the same reviewers on here bashing this phone as I have seen on the sprint website. You need to let the warranty do its magic. If after 2 days the phone is not completely what you expected you should be able to get the complete refund and/or exchange your phone for a different phone.Please comment below with any questions or comments. This phone is worth checking out. I love it.

Love it ... already meets my expectations and I haven't even figured all of it out nor have I tried all of the programs it comes with the play with ... has great battery life

Been waiting on The Galaxy Note 3 since the Note 2 came out Battery life is excellent Lots of stuff I still need to learn thought I would be worried about the size and handling it I'm doing just fine with it of course it's an Amazing phone for Me

ITs a great phone however when I called Sprint to activate my line, they told me that this particular phone is active on another account. Does anyone know how I can go about solveing this?

Great phone, long battery life, beautiful screen, clear calls, great price (with 2 year contract) I've been trying out the pen and it works great couldn't believe it could recognize my handwriting but it does. All said I'm glad I bought this phone I was hesitant because of the size but you get use to it fast.

This phone is pretty sweet.  I had iPhones forever, so I'm really enjoying my first exploration into Android (actually I did own an early Android when it was called Droid (v1.0), and my phone hardware sucked so I sadly went the iPhone route).Hard to focus the review only on the phone & not mention Android.  If you're not a technical user, I think Android might be frustrating for you & Apple might work better -- it's more straightforward  &less; 'tweaky'.  If you have no fear of tech, there's a lot of fun to be had here and the Android OS is far more open.Quick focus on Samsung/AT&T; crapware -- there is *A LOT* of it on this phone, and you can't take most of it off without rooting the phone.  The only positive of all this crapware is that it doesn't really slow the phone down, and you can opt to use other stuff most of the time.  But I was surprised after disabling AT&T; update that it ran anyway, and that Samsung updates my apps (even the disabled ones) in the background a lot also.  I have mixed feelings on the 'magazine' app on the phone -- it's ok, but not very easy to use / configurable / straightforward -- not sure why it's not simple for me to swap it all out?That's right -- to get rid of this stuff, I'd have to root my phone.  Not ready to do that yet.As for the phone itself, my call reception is great, the phone runs apps fast no matter what I install, the backlight is bright, and the camera looks pretty good.  I'm having fun with it, for sure.  A few problems:  I hate the camera app, I don't love the phone interface (but I'm used to it), and the built-in launcher seems unnecessarily limited.  And the actual phone design is not as elegant as an iPhone -- iPhones seem very sexy (almost like fine jewlery) in their design, while the Note 3 seems more practical and far less valuable.  I liked taking the back off the phone and upgrading my SDcard -- but I don't plan to change / swap SDcards or batteries, so I do wish the phone felt a tad more sturdy.  But I have a skintight case on the phone and it makes the phone look cooler, makes it feel sturdier, and covers up the hideous faux-leather back which I think is pretty sad looking (fine for a free phone, but for a $250 phone?  Makes little sense to me.)A final 'quibble' -- the S-Pen is neat, but since it's on the bottom, I use it far less than if it were docked in the top.  Strange, no?  And while it has some neat software around it, I thought iPhone has a lot better graphic / art programs (at least, better than what I've found so far for Android).  My fav iPhone graphics app was Adobe Idea, and it hasn't been made for Android (yet?).

This is the best phone on the market as of February, 2014.  The battery lasts me a day, every day, at auto brightness, 3 hours of screen use, texting, games, and sync turned on.  It's the best battery I've seen yet!  The best part of the battery, however, is its fantastic charging time.  Due to the USB 3.0, it charges MUCH faster than 2.0.  So if you're running low and need to go somewhere soon, plugging it in for twenty minutes will get you a couple more hours of use.  That's really the only specific feature worth noting.  Everything else is similarly great.  The camera is sharp and much better at taking flash free pictures in the dark.  Call quality has always been great for me, don't worry about the negative review, I think Sprint patched it by now.  The screen is AMAZING.  Super high resolution, great colors, etc.  The finger hovering feature is great too.  More and more I find myself trying to hover over links in the chrome browser expecting them to tell me something, like hovering a mouse over it.  I hope Google makes use of that with the chrome browser soon.  The phone itself is a technological powerhouse.  Everybody knows about the great quad core processor in it.  It's SUPER fast and playing Modern Combat 4 is never an issue.  It's stable too, apps hardly ever force close.  It can do screen mirroring to a number of Samsung BluRay players, Smart TVs, and the Allshare Cast dongle thing.  Wifi Direct is a cool feature too, it's like blue tooth but faster and longer range.  The most hidden features of this phone are quite unique.  It has an accurate thermometer, hygrometer (humidity sensor), altimeter (altitude), barometer (pressure), magnetic sensor (ie compass), accelerometer, gyroscope, light sensor, proximity sensor, and of course GPS.  It also works as a TRULY universal remote.  Honestly, this thing works with EVERYTHING.  I use it even with a 10 year old motorola AV Receiver.  Sprint FINALLY rolled out 4G in my area last month, about a month after I got this phone.  It's a lot faster than 4G, but their service still isn't the best.  Honestly, I would recommend getting this phone on Verizon for a better experience.  Check service coverage in your area before buying!  Oh yeah, the SPen feature is surprisingly useful is you need it, yet incredibly hidden and non-invasive if you don't.  It's really great for taking notes, jotting down ideas or measurements if you're building something for example, etc.  It's also nice just to have as a more precise thing than a finger.  Purchasing and setting the phone up through amazon was easy enough, just follow the on screen instructions.  You do have to use a computer for one step, but it's easy and I had it working within 15 minutes of opening.  If you're thinking of NOT buying the phone because you're afraid it'll be too big, BUY IT!!!  It'll feel completely normal and comfortable within a few days.  Get the phone, you'll love it.  Oh, and also protect it, I imagine this one will hold its value for quite sometime after you purchase it, so do yourself a favor and get a screen protector and case.  I recommend the SUPERSHIELDZ screen protectors and Otterbox Defender case.  With the defender, just take an exacto-knife and cut out the built in screen protector.  It's worthless.Oh, and if you're considering this or the iPhone, get this and make your friends jealous!

[Forget those silly complaints about region lock. They do not affect 99.99% of users and no USA carriers. The N9000 is the European phone, and gets setup for the carrier used in the European country where you activate the phone. Period. US users need to get the phone for their respective carrier which changes the last digit of the number. It's that simple. Amazon makes both available. I teach overseas yearly. I keep my phone in airplane mode and use Wi-Fi or get a cheap phone card.]First, I am not affiliated with Samsung in any way, nor do I work for a cell phone store. I am a writer though.Secondly, I hate long reviews with the poster just reports the specs you already have. Rather, these comments show why the Galaxy Note 3 is more technologically advanced, and more phone for your money, compared to the many good phones on the market today. As for those phones that only show an app screen. I call them cave phones.1. The beautiful 5.7&#34; Super Amoled HD display has a &#34;Wow!&#34; factor. Everything is crisp and clear with a resolution of 1920 x 1080P, 386 PPI. Despite a few good contenders, no phone on the market can match the combination of vibrant color, and deep blacks. Check it out for yourself. For those who prefer drab, you can even adjust color intensity and contrast.Is this practical? You bet. You get more viewable data for all social networking apps; you can see more email and contacts without scrolling; browsing is quick and pages more visible; YouTubes and video are fantastic; games are more playable; you can see larger areas on GPS maps; you get a better view of radar in weather; (live) wallpapers look great; you can use it as a reader; you can multitask with it; and with the right productivity apps you can even get some work done on it. I will never go back to a small screen phone. This phone is a joy to use.2. The CPU (For US versions) is the quad core Qualcomm snapdragon 800 @ 2.3, which is the fastest processor on the planet as of this time. It will perform well for years to come. A few other phones have it. No lag on this baby. Just try to do things to outpace it. It moves data faster than you can see. Partially because of #3.3. The Adreno 330 GPU is the best on the market, a few other phones have it. Graphics are amazing. It is 50% faster than the Adreno 320 in the Galaxy S4 which is a screamer.4. It's the only phone to come with 3 GB of DDR 3 RAM. It also comes standard with 32 gigs of storage and you can add more with an SD card. Note: No extra charges for these!5. It has a great 13 megapixel camera with useful software, a BSI Sensor, Smart Digital Stabilization and high CRI LED. Very few phones have this. It is also the only phone to do 4K video right now - sharp! It also does 1080P video at 60 FPS which is great.6. No other phone has USB 3.0. 2 advantages: the phone charges very quickly on the 2 amp charger and nice thick cable. File transfer times are faster. With USB 3.0, a 2 gig file takes 27 seconds from the Note 3 to my (high end) PC. With USB 2.0 the same file takes 57 seconds.7. How many phones have an S Pen? Except for email and quick notes, I seldom used the S Pen on my original Galaxy Note, but the Note 3 comes with some useful software making it more functional, and the handwriting recognition is scary accurate.8. How many phones have a huge 3200 mA battery? It easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use despite the large screen. Hardware CPU and GPU improvements, as well as Android 4.3 make the 100 mA bump over the Note 2 even more significant. You can also open the back and change out the battery - unlike some phones.9. It does infrared remote control. It also has TV-out (via MHL A/V link), Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, and gesture sensor. I'm serious people, you get more for your money.10. Hello multitasking! The fast CPU & GPU, extra memory, and high-resolution 5.7 inch screen make multitasking feasible and fun on a cell phone. You can even scroll through multiple applications in each split screen. This is even better if you hook up a keyboard and mouse via Bluetooth or USB, and connect through HDMI to your TV or computer monitor. The Note 3 can actually serve as a small computer. How many phones can do that? You can also mirror the phone screen with your smart TV for internet, games, viewing pics, whatever.11. This the best cell phone for gaming on the market , period. The above features and OpenGL 3.0 which is part of Android 4.3 make it happen. Don't believe me? Read the reviews, watch the you tubes, and compared it for yourself.12. It doesn't just have GPS, it also uses A GPS (improved), and Glonass Satellites. DL a GPS satellite app, and you'll see it will access between 5 and 25 satellites at once depending on time of day and location.13. Got Knox? No, you don't. This phone provides business enterprise, and government level security for boot, VPN, etc., and comes in handy for privacy on public Wi-Fi. You don't have to use it, but it is there.14. The air command and air gesture features make the phone futuristic. How many phones do that?15. Is the screen too large for one handed operation? Yes, but so what? The tradeoff is worth it. Besides, Samsung now includes software to shrink it for one-handed so you get the best of both worlds.16. I have been using the original Galaxy Note, which is actually wider, wearing suit pants to jeans. Both phones fit fine in your pocket. Don't worry about it unless you wear skinny jeans.17. The TouchWiz UI is fine, and superfast now, but I prefer a 3rd party launcher - Go Launcher EX from the play store. Over a million users. So, the launcher is not a deciding factor in phone purchase for any Android manufacturer.There are a few things that Samsung needs to improve in my opinion. I don't know how many thousands of people need to tell them that putting the volume rockers directly opposite the power button is inconvenient for users. The Note 2 placement was better but still wrong.I do like the new speaker placement though. Its perfect for horizontal viewing because your hand channels the sound to the user. However, there should be two of them or a better one. It is Ok, just not great like the rest of the phone.This phone should also be waterproof right out-of-the-box. Not a scaled-down version, just waterproof the thing. Other manufacturers are doing it for their flagship phones. That means Samsung can do it too. Truth be known, we users never want to see another flagship phone that is not waterproof. It's doable, so please do it. Smoke it with that nano-whatever waterproofing stuff. You went to CES.All that said, I'm very happy, with the Note 3. IMHO the Note 3 is so powerful and functional, it is the first device I would classify as a hand held computer. As a professor, I researched it for days and used the original Galaxy Note for over a year now. There are other good phones, but the Note 3 does it in one package, and in most cases does it better, for the same flag-ship- phone price. I feel sorry for the fanboys and people believing advertising hype who don't research the market. They pay top dollar but don't get their money's worth. Amazon is a great place to get your money's worth and to find out user information. Thanks Amazon.Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention, it's a really good phone too.Recommendation - get a case for any phone, one that raises a bevel on the front glass, and try to find a good one and screen protector will help as well.

Awesome phone! Arrived quickly and super easy to setup. Love using Amazon for cell phone purchases, its always cheaper and easier to compare phones in my opinion. Thanks!

I bought this after having a Galaxy S3. Some added features. The screen size is bigger and still easy to carry. Still figuring out all my settings. But very similar to the s3 with extras and bigger screen. Oh yeh a Great Camera!! I haven't used the stylus much but it seems to work well. Buy case and accessories online. Local stores still don't carry much for this phone under $40-50 bucs...

This is an exceptional phone!! Samsung is one of my favorite manufacturers and this product has been one that I wanted for awhile.  Given to me as a present and it is an awesome hybrid phone and tablet, I don't use my tablet as much anymore and the call quality is great.  Love it.

I had the Samsung galaxy S3...it worked how I expected it to..then one of my friends at work purchased the note 3.. I played with a few of the new features and told myself....get it..lol haven't regretted it...it's not as big as most people think.it's just allot bigger than most phones, but fits in my pockets with no problem...

I love love love this phone. Upgraded from the S3 and have fallen in love with the note 3! Its fast and the stylus makes everything so much easier!!!

I'm not the best at using a phone (just ask my friends and family) but I love the Note 3.  I especially love the screeen size (vision issues) and length of battery.  The price I got the Note 3 for also played a big factor in decision to go through Amazon.

This is the best phone I have ever owned! Samsung thought of everything ... &#34;The phone is too big&#34;, but I can reduce the screen for one hand use... And the list goes on. The S Pen is magnificent and the apps that accompany it. I haven't even gotten to the battery power yet... 24 hr charge! I feel indestructible with this phone, line there is no task I can't complete with ease.

Best phone EVER!!! disregard the comments about bad service or weak signal phone calls, must see for yourself. truly depends on the cellular company you use with this phone. sprint works great with this phone. best money spent on a phone ever. this phone is absolutely the top of the top and literally can do everything except wipe your butt. excellent phone super happy with my purchase.

The features on this phone are endless.  The ability to use it as a remote.  The hovering technology the ability to write on the screen at any moment.  The ability to wirelessly charge. The speed and storage space. The ease of moving to SD Card storage.This phone is 5 out of 5 without a doubt!

I  Love my Note 3 and would be lost without it!  So many functions I haven't discovered it all yet.

Background: This will not be a technical review, even though I am a bit of a "techie" who has forfeited dinner on many a night in order to afford a favored electronic gadget. The specs are easily found on the box, or the instructions manual. A comparison of platforms and operating systems is almost inevitable. If you just prefer to read about the Note 3, please scroll down to that sub-heading.War of the Platforms: Smartphones are indispensable. I realized the truth of this when I lost my virginity (figuratively) to my first Blackberry phone. In law school, when I was impoverished and dining on sardines when I could catch them, my Blackberry phone with its modest specifications served as my sole conduit to the internet at home. A smartphone is a game changer for the simple fact that it can serve as the key to any individual's personal and corporate 'empire,' simultaneously. Whether it was responding to emails, using Skype to call family members abroad, storing passwords in the password saver or - yes - making calls, smartphones brought a level of convenience that was previously only accessible while confronting the glare of a computer monitor. The intervening years have seen the rise of iPhones, the demise of Blackberry phones and the predominance of Android phones; a sort of electronic coup d'&eacute;tat. In many ways, Blackberry (formerly RIM) had the right idea. Their flagship phones arrived replete with leather holsters in the box. Their phones were precisely and lovingly tooled. A flagship Blackberry phone exuded sophistication, elegance, and a place of pride with the "in crowd." But Blackberry was so captivated by its own glory that it ignored the iPhone, which was quietly making inroads with smartphone users. The iPhone was easy to ignore for users like myself who were more focused on the practical aspects of a smartphone, and were entirely content with the jack of all trades that a Blackberry phone represented.In those yesteryears, the iPhone seemed more focused on media consumption, and since Blackberry phones could also play music tracks and movies - albeit without as much flourish as the former - diehard Blackberry enthusiasts could afford to ignore it. In time, this became impossible, because Blackberry had become so complacent that the iPhone had, overnight it seems, become a more useful corporate tool than Blackberry. Having watched in envy as my coworkers set up corporate emails on their iPhones without the hassles faced by Blackberry users without specialized software, I made the decision that it was time to flirt with a different platform. My first droid phone was Sprint's EVO. The screen was huge, and the included kickstand did little to soften that overall impression. The deal breaker was the battery which struggled so hard to power the immense screen and the fledgling Android operating system that it could only give about 5 hours of power with minimal use. I promptly returned it. My next foray into the Droid world was with the Photon 4g; a fairly decent phone, but manufacturing glitches made me return that as well. I completed the experience with trying out the Note 2 earlier this year for two weeks. I ultimately returned that as well. In each instance, after returning the phone, I bought a new Blackberry, up until last year when I finally bought the iPhone 5. I was no stranger to, and no fan of iOS - I have both an iPad and an iPod, but I was beguiled by stories of fabled battery life. I was sorely disappointed. So disappointed that I paid the $700 retail price for the Note 3 on the very first day it came out, which now leads me this review . . .The Note:First Appearances: Oh yes, the phone is notable, no question about it. It is huge, and while I realize that the size is the whole appeal for some there is no getting around the inconvenience of holding that  5.7 inch electronic mammoth to an ear for making a call. Which is its primary function, after all. I am no ogre; I have medium hands, and two-handed operations rule with this device. I am also digging my Jawbone Bluetooth headset out of retirement.  This incarnation is actually both thinner and lighter than the Note 2. Still, I would have preferred a narrower, shorter phone, with the stylus. For now, I carry it in my coat pocket, while I wait for the slew of cases to hit the market. The phone features a faux leather backing with stitching all around it. It is tacky, but it works, and may even seem elegant from certain vantage points. It is better by leaps and bounds than the plastic looks of the Note 2.  I have long disdained Samsung products for the simple reason that the company has no concept of style. Its phones - especially of late - actually have some really innovative ideas and groundbreaking software, but are housed in the cheapest-looking hardware to be found. Plastic is great for toothbrushes and combs. Not so much for mobile phones.The hardware: The Note 3 comes in either 32GB or 64GB. I opted for the former since, unlike Apple's monopolistic tendencies, Samsung permits users to add an SD card up to 64 GB for extra capacity. The box comes with some a white set of headphones which work quite well for making and taking calls. However, thanks to Samsung's thoughtlessness, I will not be using it for work since the color is rather loud.  The set itself features a very powerful 13 megapixel camera, and a front-facing 2 megapixel camera for chats and self-portraits. It also features several convenience buttons embedded in silver on the device: a volume button, a power button which can also be used to silence the phone, and a home button. The USB 3.0 jack is somewhat disconcerting since at first blush it looks like it is incompatible with a regular micro USB cord. But never fear, a standard micro USB cord will charge the phone, albeit at a lesser speed than the included USB 3.0 cord. Depress the home button twice, and Samsung's Siri junior will be ready to take orders. It is not as sassy or as useful as Siri on the iPhone, but I do not regret the divorce. As promised, technical details are not discussed at any length, but the phone is blazing fast.The battery: This deserves its very own section, as this is one area where this phone truly excels. A cellphone is only as good as its battery. The iPhone was a bitter disappointment for me. 6 hours of moderate use was enough to drain the battery to the point that charging was necessary. In fairness, my experience does not appear to be typical, since two co-workers can go all day on their iPhones. Sprint's lackluster network connection means that my phones constantly search for network connection, especially indoors, and I imagine that wreaks havoc on the battery. The Note 3 cannot be beaten for battery life on the Sprint network. I only need to charge it after 12 to 15 hours of moderate to heavy use; enough for complete liberation from a charger while at work. This feature is critical for me; a lawyer must have a device with a powerful enough battery to survive a day spent in court away from the office.The software: Samsung has matured as a software developer. Although many of its software applications and innovations on the phone appear little more than gimmicks, the Note 3 is replete with a profusion of software that a user will doubtlessly appreciate. The camera comes in many clever modes. There's the Knox application which either allows the IT department at any office to isolate office information from personal information, or which just allows the user to deposit media files and such to a secured location that requires a password for access. There's the screen mirroring which allows one to `mirror' anything on the Note 3's screen on a different device like on a computer monitor or flat screen TV. There's the remote control application that permits the user to quickly and easily program the phone to serve as a remote for all electronic devices including the cable box, DVD/Blue Ray Player and TV. The remote application even allows different remotes within the application for different rooms. Flicking a finger from the bottom of the phone upwards presents an amalgamation of news events. Waving a hand over the phone while it is sleeping reveals stats such as the time, missed phone calls, emails and texts; a subtle enhancement. Depressing a tab to the left of the screen produces a menu from which a user can select two seperate apps for simultaneous viewing. Using this feature, for example, one can fire off an email while browsing the internet, or watching a youtube video on the same screen at the same time. The tab can be moved to the right of the screen if it proves to obtrusive, or can be gotten rid of all together by pressing the back button.The  Stylus: The stylus, for me, is not a gimmick. I am forgetful, and jotting down quick notes on my phone is an added boon. Pulling out the pen activates the `Air Command' feature; a fan shaped menu that presents a variety of options, to wit: Action memo, Scrap booker, Screen Write, S-finder and Pen Window. Action memo had the most potential, but Samsung crippled it by not allowing the flexibility to manipulate notes in any manner. For example, writing down a number and name will allow you to save it contacts. Writing down an email address will allow you to quicky send an email to that address. But I cannot write a quick note, cut and paste it into an email, and fire it off. For that, I would need the 'S Note' application which is a much better option from a practical standpoint, but which is not featured in the Air Command menu.Advantages: The main advantages this phone enjoys over the iPhone particularly are: 1) Removable battery, which is not to be taken lightly; it is disheartening to find so many makers towing Apple's line and making batteries that cannot be removed from the phone. This eliminates the option of swopping the battery if it becomes weak or if it is drained during travel; 2) A standard micro USB will charge it; 3) An SD card will increase its capacity. An added advantage (over other phones but not the iPhone) is its potential use as an international phone. There was a brief scare when it appeared that Samsung had hamstrung the device by only making it usable in the region purchased. For Samsung, this would have been equivalent to purchasing a high caliber pistol, taking careful aim, and shooting itself in the foot. Samsung has since clarified that it only requires that the phone be first activated in the region that it was purchased, and then it would be possible to use SIM cards from other regions. This fact still generates resentment, as it should, since when one purchases a phone, one expects to be able to use it wherever he or she pleases. Another annoyance is that after hitting 'talk' in answering a call, the device still asks whether you will accept the call or send it to voice mail. This unexpected step has caused me to miss a few calls, and I have yet to figure out how to deactivate it.Final Impressions: The phone handles calls with clarity and is blazingly fast. It is by no means 'the Blackberry experience' I previously described. Until Samsung learns that consumers like both form and function in a device, it will never maximize its full potential. Their devices have been entirely lacking the appeal that would render their devices the iconic artifacts that iPhones are. The Note 3 is close to being an exception to the rule; as garish as its fake leather might seem, it is still the best looking of their devices. My main gripe is the sheer size of the phone. Most would appreciate a more manageable form factor, narrower in width and perhaps shorter in length.The Bottom line: The Note has matured into a flagship phone, able to take in corporate and personal life with equal alacrity. Its powerful and removable battery will make it a favorite choice of intrepid travelers, and its huge screen allows it to bridge a gap previously unnoticed between phones and tablets. I will edit this article in days to come.Update: I have to revise my earlier opinion on call quality, and dock the Note 3 a point for that. Having had the phone almost two weeks now, I have noticed that on the aggregate, call quality is mediocre to poor on this phone. Some calls are plagued by intrusive background noise. Unlike some other users, though, I have yet to drop a call on it. Very disappointing for an otherwise stellar phone. Still, I am keeping it.

NEVER will I change again for anything other than iPhone.NOTE 3., all that hype for a crappy phone like this.Now, I must add, I'm not sure what's it like for with other Network (T-Mobile, AT&T; and etc). But on SPRINT IT SUCKS.DO NOT GET IT...1) Once a week I get a text message from Sprint saying &#34;SPRINT IN YOUR AREA IS GETTING A NEW UPDATE, IT WILL STRENGTHEN THE SIGNALS etc&#34;., guess what, I live in SANTA CLARA and MOUNTAIN VIEW area, this is Silicon Valley for God's sake and if they're not there yet with their updates... wow, they are way behind.2) The phone has continues drop calls out of no-where. I have an iphone 5S through Sprint = NO PROBLEM at all. Yet this crap is not working.3) Text messages all of a sudden don't go through. No matter how much you re-send it, it does NOT go through &#34;FAIL, FAIL, FAIL&#34;Called Sprint a bunch of times and they are denying that there is an issue with the phone.. and yet all over their website, online (NEWS) and etc, they are all talking about it... and guess what, the text message that comes to THIS PHONE (NOTE 3) from Sprint about system update doesn't go to my iphone. SO the d...b a...es know there is a problem, and try to deny it.I suggest saving yourself a lot of money and buying a different phone or just get an iphone.SAMSUNG Products = not worth a penny if you ask me.

I decided it was time for an upgrade. I choose this Phone for two reason. One, All the great features. Two, because as someone who is getting older the bigger screen is perfect to read text, emails, play games, etc. this phone always surprised me everyday what it can do and how fast and well it functions. My wife who had a Samsung Galaxy S-III which is a darn good phone, but she was so blown away at how fast and all the features she ended up ordering a Note 3 for herself right away. A+++ for this phone. would HIGHLY recommend it.

I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this phone. I bought mine this week. It is with me all day long. I like I really like it.

Excellent phone, Faster then computer ,Battery is not Good, for battery only 2 star, second thing Auto brighter not work properly specially night time,

If I were to write 10 paragraphs about this phone and its features I would  run on too long,Its an amazing phone with many features that all work for me,nothing on this device is useless I use it all and get me through my day,Nav,scheduler,alarm clock it all works great phone I love it

Great phone, I can't find a fault for it. I had a lot of android and galaxies specifically but this is one of the best ever.

This phone has the best of the best specs and the s pen to boot. I don't know if there is anything I would change about it.Pros:The screen is beautiful.The speed is great.The camera takes great pictures and has a lot of fun features.Multi window feature changes the game. It's true multi tasking.The IR is great. I can control all the tvs in the house from my phone.The screen is huge but it fits in my pocket so I am good with it.CONS:I could use more storage but that's because I keep alot of things on my phone. Only have an 8gb card so far.The volume on calls could be better too. I use the volume boost every time.It's an Android device so you expect fast battery drain. I could make it through the day though. Bought a spare battery just in case.There are times that it's awkward to hold bc of its size.

I've had the phone for about a month and it has seamlessly integrated itself into every facet of my life with work (taking notes during meetings, work email and calendar), school (notes, taking pictures and editing real time for labs and projects, reviewing electronic material for an exam on the go, editing various docs for lab reports) and personal (it isn't too big for one handed text messages and to hold to your head for extended conversations and the camera is great for all sorts of situations). The battery life is the best I've experienced in a smartphone, considering I'm a moderate to heavy user of nearly all it's functions. The pen and software works exceptionally well for creating scrapbooks, notes (two different note apps), drawings and actually illustrating your point on whatever background you currently have up whether it be a photo you just took or the phone's home screen. I've used different pens with different writing programs on the iPad and I must say, Samsung really nailed it with their pen and software, far trumping the iPad's note taking ability. The call quality is clear, however, Sprint's cellular network leaves much to be desired. The phone does have the ability to use WiFi to place and receive calls, although I have not utilized it as of yet. Samsung gives a lot of extras with this phone as they did with the Galaxy S4. Some of the extras are a little gimmicky while others, if not most, are very helpful when fully understood and practiced, giving the device an extra cool factor. The screen, as most others have said, is simply amazing. In just about all lighting situations it remains sharp, clear and crisp, making it that much easier to stay productive and maybe even have fun while doing it. The engineers at Samsung made provisions for the small handed folk by adding features to their software allowing adjustability to most of the main screens one would interface with. I'd definitely recommend this device to everyone who is willing to pay a premium price for a phone.

I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY HUBBY FOR VALENTINES DAY ON SPRINTS NETWORK---- IT'S A GREAT PHONE BUT THE CALL QUALITY!! TERRIBLE!! DROPPED CALLS LEFT & RIGHT..... SEEMS A LIL BIT BETTER NOW BUT NOT MUCH- HE HAD THE NOTE 2 BEFORE AND HE WAS IN LOVE WITH IT AT FIRST SIGHT......

This is my first Samsung phone. I am glad I choose the Galaxy Note 3 instead of its competitors. I have only had the phone for one day. However, by playing with it &#34;all&#34; night and watching the numerous youtube videos on tips, tricks and how tos I have enjoyed my first experience a great deal. This phone is truly a hand held computer that makes phone calls. The integration is unbelievable!!! I will update this later as I explore and use the phone. I HIGHLY recommend this phone. I will never go back to a smaller smart phone ever again.

So I am really liking this phone , much larger than my I-phone, texting easier as I have big thumbs.

This phone is everything I need and then some. There really isn't anything negative about it. And the price I was able to purchase it for on Amazon was spectacular!

Overall this is a great phone. The resolution is second to none and the battery life is the best i've ever had on a smart phone. Additionally the touch interface is very responsive, more so than the previous Note 2. Moreover, it is also quicker than the Note 2 when bringing up apps and running apps. But, there are a few things that the Note 3 lacks in that the Note 2 had. One is that although the camera for the Note 3 is 13 megapixels and the Note 2, 8 mega pixels, the Note 2 seems to take better quality pictures. Further, the Note 2 had better low light visibility in the pictures as well. And, the camera view point seems to be more zoomed in at the furthest level from zoom on the Note 3 making me have to take a few steps extra backward to take a picture that I wouldn't have to do with the Note 2. Secondly, the video quality in low light lacks adjustment that the Note 2 had. In the Note 2, one could take a video without the flash and still decipher whats in the video pretty well. But, in the Note 3 even in a slightly dim room you cannot see what is going on in the video which makes talking videos from the phone quite frustrating. I don't know why Samsung took a step back on the camera on the Note 3 by taking away lowlight settings and replacing it with a auto adjust feature on the camera that is supposed to adjust to the different light conditions on its own. Which, it does not do very well might I add. But with that being said, the camera is not horrible, its rather on the better side of smart phone cameras. Another thing is the speaker phone isn't as loud as the Note 2's. That was something that I really enjoyed on the Note 2. Overall though, the phone is probably the best phone I've ever had and I've had the iPhone 4, 4s, and 5 along with the Note 2. The visual aspect of the display is awesome and the default storage is 32 gigs with additional 64 gigs addable storage potential. And, I appreciate the fact that one can take the back off and replace a battery or get extra batteries to charge on the side and replace when needed. In the end I'll rate the phone a 9/10 the only complaint being the camera functioning. Oh, and I have Sprint for my carrier for almost 10 years and I live in the LA area and have lived in many parts of NorCal and SoCal and in New York City and have never had a problem with reception.  I also drove across the country with a few friends who have AT&T and Verizon and I consistently had more service coverage than they did, as we had to constantly use my phone for GPS service in rural areas because their phones would get no reception at all. And they had iPhones so go figure.

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks now and it has been a great purchase. To this date I am till finding cool features that the GN3 offers. Definitely like the size and battery life is really good. The picture quality is very very nice.

Call quality is very bad!!!!!  Do not buy this phone until the problem is fixed.  Please wait!  Do not get stuck with this phone.

I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend. He absolutely loves this phone. Coming from using the Samsung Galaxy S3 he loves the upgrades and the large size. He is inseparable from his device.

This is an awesome phone, I love everything about it! The screen size is awesome, I love the fast processor, lots of memory, and battery life is fine. Easy to use and lots of options, I really personalize it with lots of options it offers.

I freakin love this phone. Amazon had the phone to me the next day and no problems activating it. way cheaper then sprints offer

I was tired of my old phone running out of memory and being slow.  I use my phone for the internet more than as a phone.  It's a little big for a phone but fits easily in my pocket.

Love everything on this phone, easy yo used, no problem with the shipment and able to work out of it

Very good phone still trying to figure stuff out on the phone. Can not beat the price. Drop calls when I first got it

Love it!!! I've been wanting this phone for a long time and the price that I found on Amazon just couldn't be beat :)

Great phone has a lots of features.. takes great pictures and video.. i love the large screen compared to iPhone

The phone with JellyBean is excellent.  KitKat update made it a little less stable, and shortened the battery life.  Wish I had not upgraded; JellyBean was perfect already.The phone is quite literally perfect for me.  I have a big hand.  I never use the stylus, and have no want for it.It took some time to kill all the annoying bloatware from Samsung that pops up when you swipe from the bottom up, or when you holt the left settings button.  The Samsung apps have been junk for me.  But with those disabled in app settings, I'm happy.Until KitKat, it NEVER saw multiple apps that would slow it down even the slightest.  Loved never having it be sluggish.The camera is excellent, especially when you learn how to use the settings a bit more than just on auto.  But the camera shoot is a little delayed sometimes.

Great phone. Love the keyboard. S note is fantastic. Looking forward to fully knowing all this phone is capable of.

I HAVEN'T HAD MY GALAXY 3 SPRINT PHONE VERY LONG BUT I AM ALREADY APPRECIATING ALL THE FEATURES IT OFFERS ME. EACH DAY I LEARN SOMETHING ELSE , SOMETIMES SOMETHING THAT MAKES MY LIFE  BIT MORE ENJOYABLE.  I AM EXPECTING MY GALAXY 3 CELL TO PROVIDE GREAT SERVICE FOR A LONG TIME TO COME.

I lost my Samsung Galaxy S3 and upgraded to the Note 3, and I love it. The colors are vivid, vibrant, I like the larger screen size for gaming and sharing photos and surfing the web, and the stylus comes in handy when making longer posts.

The best phone I've ever had, it's got all the bells and whistles that you can ask for, thank you.

This samsung galaxy note 3 can do almost anything, This note 3 is the best phone ever.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT

The best phone I ever had, I love it. I don't use my iPad as much anymore.I would recommend this phone to all my friends.

This is hands down the best phone I've ever owned. It gets flack for being massive but I don't see it. I have average-sized hands (I wear medium-sized gloves at work) and this thing is no problem for me. Sure, you can't reach every corner with the same thumb but how often are you doing that, really? I've had it for more than a month and I have no major complaints about it. It hasn't stuttered, crashed or restarted on me. The battery is a friggin' beast and the screen is beautiful. It won't replace your tablet by any stretch but it's great for watching video and passable as an ereader. TouchWiz is still crap but if you've used a Samsung phone at any point in the last five years you already knew that.

This is a great phone. I like all the features. It has a nice large screen and everything loads quickly.

I am very unhappy with this phone.  I have constant call drops while showing strong cell signal strength on the phone.  I am honestly thinking about using an iPhone with a shattered screen over this piece of garbage.

I love the size, responsiveness, all the tools, the pen, the connector, all is what I had expected it to be.

I purchased this phone last week from Amazon, coming from a iPhone 5 I was a little worried about the voice call issues. So I took a chance and believe me it was worth it. Great phone, hardware and software..... So much better than my 5 which I use now as a iPod. I guess the new software updates solved the voice call issues, which I never experienced with my note 3.Also this screen is so amazing .....

Great phone so far. Large screen wife loves it . Only thing is Sprint needs to fix tower problem .!

Literally.  The phone does everything.  I haven't yet learned it all.  The drawing wand and software sold me on it though and those work great.

I have owned many android devices from the original Hero to the Note 1 and finally to this Note 3.  The device is big and it's difficult to use it one handed, however it still fits easily into my pants pocket.  The screen is bright and easily readable, but it's not what I would call overly sharp when compared to the text display on a Nexus 5.  Battery life has been great as well, I can easily get a day and a half out of a charge.  The included launcher (Touch-wiz) is somewhat dated, although it is very fluid without any lags.My major issue (and why I returned it) was the GPS.  I bought this phone to complement and track my cycling and running activities.  I figured that with all the included sensors that this would be the perfect companion.  I was very disappointed in it's performance.  When just walking around the GPS was fine, however when used for cycling it was always 10-15% off.  When plotting points on the map (while cycling) it showed up as a zig zag patten instead of the straight line I was riding in.  I tired resetting the phone, downloading a GPS monitor, and riding on different paths all with no help.  Unfortunately this was a deal breaker for me.

Did not work.

Best phone hands down. I have had HTC phones and the Samsung Note 3 is by far the best. I had the Note 2 and loved it. Upgraded to the 3 and it is no lag time for anything. Everything is fluid and quick.

I love my galaxy note  3. Don't think that I  will change it to another phone soon. This phone rock!!!!!! My friends,  just get this phone,  you will not regret.

This review won't be the longest review, but this will cover some information. I upgraded to this phone from an HTC EVO 3D. For my first Android phone, it was ok, but I kept getting a lot of error messages. I was torn between this phone and the S4, so I got myself the Note 3 while upgrading my parents to the S4. I first opened up the box and I saw the screen. My first thought was how in thecworld am I going to carry this phone in my pocket. So I turned it on, activated it with no problems.I am a Note 10.1 owner (2012 model), so I knew about S Pen and its functionalities,  but the screen is clearer than my tablet, more colors, more vibrant. Downloaded 50 apps in 10 minutes,  the 4GLTE is blazing fast, quad processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB internal storage (25 usable WITH app to sd card transfer, meaning more space) and 4.3 jelly bean.I haven't done too much to it yet, as I am trying to restore stuff onto the Note, but I am very impressed so far, this is by far an iPhone killer...EDIT: 11/19/2013- After having it for about 3 weeks I noticed a few issues that turned out to be a defective unit. Not really upset because amazon took care of this issue right away, and they are sending me another one. However, due to this issue, it does go down 1 star from 5 to 4. At this point NOTHING is worse than my HTC EVO 3D, which is why I am not complaining too much. As far as the issues, had difficulty keeping applications onto the microSD card, as if I transferred apps on to it and restarted the phone, the phone would be stuck on the sprint logo. I thought a reformat of the phone would do the trick. On Sunday night (11/17/2013), I was texting a friend when out of nowhere my phones display turns off, but not the touchpad lights. So I clicked the sleep wake button twice, screen would not come on. I did a battery pull (thankfully Samsung decides to keep a removable battery in their phones), and my display works, but I have the left side of the display is bright, the right is dim. Called amazon and expecting my new note 3 Thursday, was told I could get a different phone, but even with the sprint spark on the other phones, that doesn't exactly buy me off of this remarkable phone. This phone has so many features that others do not have, and touchwiz is much better than what HTC has on their home screens now. Comparing to all the issues I also had with my HTC EVO 3D, I didn't want to try HTC again anyway. I was looking into the LG G2, but what stopped me from wanting that was no microSD card slot and no removable battery. Therefore I personally believe the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is more updated than the others.

Great phone,

I was expecting to be faster than this but it was not. Size is great and it has voice recognition which I like  a lot

II miss certain elements from the predecessor such as page buddy, quick controls on the Web browser and lock screen. Being able to pull out the spen and jot down a note then put the spen back in and it saves the note.Nice to see new hardware but I am very much upset that they note 2 is possible to do all of these things but the software isn't there. So you got to cough up the dough for the upgrade.Before the quick controls on the sgn2 made good Real estate of the large screen which made ease for one handed usage yet on the sgn3 it's like you have to use two hands to show everyone that you have a big one.

Just received it and wow. Love this phone and its features. Was waiting for the galaxy s5 and seeing how terrible it was, decided the note 3 would still be a better purchase. Loving it so far!

I've waited almost a year to write this review to be accurate.  I use my phones for business and typically update annually, so I have owned most of the popular smart phones.  This is by far the best phone I've ever owned.  I have dropped it countless times and it never misses a beat.  I even fell into a pool with it.  I immediately took the screws out and opened it up and water poured out of the inside.  I used compressed air to dry it best I could and left it in a bag of rice overnight.  The next morning I put it back together and it worked fine.  I'm sure this isn't typical, but thought I'd share.The larger screen is great for emails, texts, web, and all the other stuff I do with my phone in addition to calls.  It can be a little cumbersome at first, but you get used to it.  And since 90% of the time I'm using it like a tablet searching the web or checking emails, the benefits of it's size largely outweigh the cons.  It works very smoothly and accurately.  The Android system is user friendly.I have recommended this phone to everyone who's asked, and most of them got it and are satisfied.

I love everything about this phone but they do need to update the software so it doesn't drop calls all the time. The call quality issue has been fixed and It is clear sound but It drops my calls after 1 or 2 min of talking.Other than that problem everything else is great! It is super fast and the screen is amazing. I get 29 mbps on 4G LTE download speed. and on 3g it was about normal 1 or 2 mbps. However on 4G it eats up the battery up quick so its kind of a give or take.So once they fix the call dropping issue then it will be perfect.

I bought this phone to replace my LG G2.  I took a step backwards by going back to a single band phone, but I couldn't have made a better decision.The Samsung GN3 can really hold onto a 1900 MHz LTE signal on Sprint whereas my LG G2 was just awful with LTE reception. I am in a fully functioning Shentel Sprint eCSFB area.The sound quality is outstanding on the Samsung GN3, and once again, the LG G2 was not as good.I absolutely love the AMOLED 5.7 inch screen on the Samsung GN3.  Colors are so vivid and bright that it amazes me every time I view the screen.  The LG G2 was ok, but can't match the beauty and size of the Samsung GN3 screen.It's also nice to be able to use additional memory if needed and have a user swappable battery.I really like the Menu system on the Samsung as well.I bought this phone here on Amazon and paid full price for it, but it was worth every penny.The Sprint version of the GN3 really outperforms the Verizon version. The Verizon version isn't the greatest at reception of any kind in fringe areas as proven by the FCC radio data on the Verizon version. The Sprint GN3 is worlds apart as far as signal reception.I have had absolutely no issues whatsoever with call quality that some users have reported. Calls are loud and very clear. Reception is outstanding and overall a very high quality device.

the phone Works great  and sounds great and it also has a great battery life. Husband completely loves this phone.

The note3 is my 10th or 11th  smart phone, it is simply the best.. My hat is off to Samsung. I can not find one thing to complain about.

Wasted so much time and money because of this phone. Call quality is completely horrible, there is never any signal and the calls get dropped all too often. How can this happen on their flagship phone?Sent it back, hope to get at least some money back. The phone itself is great though, got it from another carrier.

Performance to my expectationsEasy to operate the camera is awesomeThe phone is lightIt's just a joy to work with

Love it, love it. It's all that and more. Slowly I'm learning all the information about it. Thanks so much.

Not bad at all.  It will take me ages before I will know everything what the phone has to offer.  Like it so far!

Wonderfully easy to use cell phone. Great features, faster than my last one. This is definately a keeper for me!

This is one slick smartphone. You get used to the size after about a week. I use one handed operation about 95% of the time. When I use HTC EVO, now, it seems so puny. I have an ipad and I now am using the Note 3 in place of the ipad.It is very light and I can put it in my pants pocket, and I don't feel it ( I do not use a case). I felt my EVO more because it is heavier.I bought a Tech Armor screen protector because it does such a grat job reducing the glare and not showing &#34;face smudge&#34; after a call. There is hardly any reducetion in screen brightness or clarity.

Update - 11/6/13 - I concur fully with those who are over the moon about this phone. Wow! What a device! After fully setting up my N3 I was hearing a clicking every 60 +/- secs. and prepared to return it as defective. When I did the factory reset in preparation, I also did a cache wipe. After rebooting I decided to try it again before sending back. After initial re-setup the clicking sound was gone - perhaps an app phoning home - and my phone is perfect! I love everything about this device and look forward to using it more and more as I learn it. This is the phone I always wanted and the best one I've ever owned.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I waited until I knew a Sprint update for the call issues was imminent and then purchased. OOB my phone had mi3 firmware and the call, garbling issue. Updated it all the way to mj4 and there was a significant improvement. Not perfect but doable. Did a cache clear and the sound is near perfect.Great phone with many surprises, good and bad. Fortunately the good tips the scale heavily. Still learning about it and enjoying the phone immensely. I came from an Evo 4G LTE that I hated. It got to the point it was choice between a new phone or a new windshield/dashboard (could barely keep my self from throwing it, it was that bad). I went with the less expensive option. :)I posted mainly to let those who are review watchers know that the phone is gorgeous, amazingly functional - more than any phone I've ever owned - and FAST. Never had a Samsung phone, though I own other Samsung devices, and it does not disappoint!

This phone is powerful and fast .I upgraded from s3 and sold it on ebay for $180 so I guess this phone was free ..I love the screen and the larger key pad area to type.the battery lasts all day with my heavy internet texting .when you get the phone do a search for battery saving on YouTube it will help ..I had to send out my 10 inch asus tablet for service and I didnt even miss it now that I have the note3 .buy it and you will love it .I didnt want to wait for s5 I wanted bigger screen you will be happy with it too ...its hard to put down

great phone..love it

I cant say enough great things about this phone... its absolutely incredible!  If you own a business or occasionally have to do work projects or email via phone / tablet this is must have.  Small enough to fit into a pocket, large enough to actually work, stream, or both at the same time!  It has excellent battery life, and being able to encrypt the phone contents and / or the SD card, and work on a company VPN is invaluable.  Pictures and  HD videos are nothing short of stunning.  With its luxurious feeling leather type back and silver edging, the Note 3 truly is the full package!!

Just got a pair of Note 3's on Friday and they worked great until today. Both phones are experiencing audio issues. Both phones have chirps, buzzes, cutting in and out and garbled transmissions & reception. We have Sprint versions. We went through 3 phones for my wife's phone today at the Sprint store and still no luck. The manager said he had one with the same problem yesterday. He said that Samsung is shipping out more phones for this known problem. He also said this is affecting about half the phones shipped and with every carrier. This is doesn't sound good at all. Looks like it's a nationwide issue too. Maybe I should have waited!!Tucson, AZ

Terrific phone, computer, calendar, Internet ... just everything is great about this phone. And great battery life as well...and love the larger size...

Although it's taking me a bit of time to adjust to the Note 3, I couldn't ask for a better phone/mini-tablet. Each day, I learn something new and valuable about my Note. The whole experience was tremendously enhanced by buying my Galaxy Note 3 from Amazon.com. The service was excellent,  the shipping was incredibly fast, and it saved me approximately $200.00. I'm an immensely satisfied customer and Galaxy Note 3 owner/user. Do not pay attention about the negative comments provided by people who state that the Note 3 is too big, complicated or not user friendly. I was extremely hesitant about letting go of my physical keyboard, and now, I am regretting that I didn't get this phone sooner than now. I definitely recommend this product to anyone, no matter if you are a power user or a novice in the mobile area. And to clarify this: I am not related in any way or form to Amazon, Samsung or any mobile business. I'm a retired, military combat veteran who is truthfully and sincerely satisfied with this product. Thank you!  ~ Dr. J. Rodriguez~

The most amazing piece of phone goodness I've ever owned. I love this phone. Everything about it. The only complaint I have has nothing to do with the phone and everything to do with sprint. I bought the phone on Amazon,obviously :-), and checked the box stating that I wanted the insurance. However, when i got my bit i noticed that the insurance for both my phones on my plan had mysteriously disappeared. I tried to contact Sprint. They basically told me i'm out of luck and refused to reissue my insurance. My other phone is almost two years old  and I've had it on the insurance plan since day one. In fact, I've always had insurance on my phones and I've been a loyal customer for over 12 years. Apparently that means diddly. I'm in the process of complaining with with the BBB. So, hopefully something is able to be done. Otherwise, I hear T-Mobile is buying people out of their contracts...

I love my Note 3.  People always say &#34;it's so big&#34; and I say, &#34;yes, and I don't know if I could ever go back to a smaller screen&#34;.  I mean, as long as the phone fits in your back pocket, who cares how big it is?  More screen is better, right?  My only complaint is that since getting the KitKat update, my phone will become unresponsive for about 30 seconds several times a day.  This is very frustrating, but I don't really blame the phone.

Works great and there have been no voice issues with mine. It arrived on time and everything is working great so I have no complaints. I truly love this phone. The screen is amazing on it and the speed is lighting fast. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

battery lasts all day even with heavy use, best telephone I've ever had.

After debating back and forth between the S5 and the Note 3, I chose this one... glad I did. It was a difficult chose since I owned the S2, S3 and S4. But the pen and the apps that are used with the note are not only exclusive to the Note 3, they are extremely useful too. Product arrived in excellent condition and is the second phone purchased from Amazon. Their C.S. is superb!

The Note 3 has exceeded my expectations. I am sure there are things it can do that I have not yet begun to use, but for call reception, call quality, photo quality, streaming media and internet use it has served well so far. I am a contractor and wanted a device portable enough yet with a large enough screen to bring up construction products and photos and other media to show customers, and something I could use to access certain docs and files quickly along with the note taking ability right on the phone. It does get a lot of comments based on its larger size, but I like the size and the bulk it has with an Otterbox case on it.

I love this phone.  It is fast, and there isn't much that it can't do.  It took a few days to get used to holding the larger size, but I am used to it now.  I am a Realtor, and a lot of my business is run from my phone--this phone is a great tool!  It seems to be working with all of my applications.  I can write offers and set them for signatures on my phone easily.  The battery life is amazing!  I had to charge previous phones halfway through my day, and the Note3 will last me all day and night.  My 4G is very fast.The only negative is the speaker.  Sometimes the sound on the speaker sounds funny, and every once in a while the people on the other end say my voice sounds robotic (and I can usually tell when it is doing that because the connection sounds strange in my ear also).  The speaker phone does not work well while driving, I find it difficult to hear.  The benefits of the data and web outweigh the voice negatives for me so far.  Highly recommend this phone for professionals on the go.  If you talk a lot, you may prefer the S4  (my fiance uses and is very similar in function with smaller screen--without speaker issue).

When ordering an upgraded phone that is supposed to activate when you turn it on, I had no service from the time I ordered it to the time I received it. Also, I had to go online to activate it. The phone is wonderful, just would like to have known that there was a chance I would be without service for 3 days. Phone is very fast. Much longer battery life than previous htc phone. Overall would highly recommend phone.

I honestly don't know what anyone leaving the negative reviews are talking about. Had the phone since it was released and have had no issues with call quality on the sprint network whatsoever.The phone is amazing, so fast and responsive-so glad i switched from HTC for Samsung. I plan on purchasing more Samsung in the future.

I couldn't wait to get this phone. The call quality is horrible, makes wierd noises, pops drops calls and has a much weaker data connection then my previouse GS4, note 2 and GS3. Hope they come out with a fix soon. I exchanged the first one 3 days later and that one had the same issues. Took it back yesterday and reconnected my GS4. I would save your money until sprint or Samsung figures this out!

Been using Samsung phones for a long time, so can't say about converting from apple or anything.  Over the years, I went from S2 to S3 to S4 to Note 3 and love the screen size and great performance and battery, 3 Gigs ram and 32GB for phone mem.  Awesome phone.

Great functionality.  Camera is a big step up from the S3 and the screen size works well for reading.  I have not encountered any phone issues which apparently a problem for some.

This is a dream phone that does everything.It has a writing tool to use like a tablet.I could not be happier with this phone.Fast shipping from Amazon too !

This phone is really great if your looking for a tablet. Not the best as a phone in all locations. My S2 functioned perfectly in my office as a phone but couldn't get on the Internet. My note 3 will surf the Web better than my home computer but i can't make a call from my office.

Great I love it big so I can use for you tube. Charger broke four day after I got it but still great phone better than samsung galaxy s5

great phone! best to date.

This phone has the sharpest viewing screen and top end of the technology curve. I'll be months still figuring out the features of this phone.

The device is sensational with one exception.  The call quality is not as good as most other phones I have owned.  It could be an issue with the carrier, Sprint.  I also had the Galaxy Note 2 (with Verizon) and the call quality on that device was excellent.  So, it could be the voice service provider, Sprint in this case, or it could need another firmware upgrade to minimize the number of &#34;can you repeat that&#34; events.  It's possible it's an issue with the device, I'm not sure.

I bought this phone for have a great camera review but I find the camera being a good one but not an excellent one.

The size seems like it is oversize but after a few days you wonder how you could ever have lived without it.  I love drawing in Sketch Book Pro with the included pressure sensitive stylus.  There are so many options for setting you phone it just crazy!

This phone is awesome.  I'm able to manage both my job and personal life with this phone. I definitely recommend it.

everyone do your research all you have to do is google note 3 call quality and you will see how this PHONE has horrible call quality that makes it impossible to actually is this phone as a phone.im sorry if you cant post links but here is a thread all about it so far its up to 12 pages of people complaining about the same thing.[...]

Phone was a bit glitchy after customizing some of the settings and turning pre-loaded apps off. I had to factory reset to get it functional again because the power buttons weren't waking up the phone and if I was in the middle of a phone call or something it would completely stop responding, sometimes for a full minute. Since resetting I haven't experienced further issues.The camera is great but I wish I could adjust the shutter speed. Otherwise pics come out crystal clear and vibrant. Love having stylus for games and quick notes. I did a lot of comparing and this phone beat all competitors in most categories.The back looks and feels like leather which classes it up a bit. I have already dropped it about 3 feet to the floor with no issues. I thought it would be too big for my liking but now I actually prefer it. Great deal from Amazon too!

I was worried about some of the reviews on here about the problems with voice quality on Sprint. Having used the phone for two weeks, I have found no problems at all. I was previously using an iPhone 4 and could only get 3g, I get 4g now and have a better signal to boot..The only reason I am not giving a 5 star rating is because of price and availability of Samsung accessories for the phone.  The wireless charging s-view cover is $70 (charger not included) has been constantly out of stock.

Bought this phone for my wife and she loves it. She is always on internet and the bigger screen helps a lot. It's not too big and not too small. it's just right. It looks weird if you speak on the phone holding it but definitely get a blue-tooth and you are good to go.

I had an IPhone and changed to the Note 3 I love my new phone wish I would have changed a long time ago. I will never own an IPhone again after having this phone it's so much faster and everything is better. Best thing I ever did!!

The phone is nice as I expected, unfortunately the pen was not in the box or anywhere in the packaging.

Nice device. This is the largest phone I have ever had. I do find that I use it for a lot more things than my last phone. the large display simply makes it more usable. I haven't really found necessary use for the stylus yet. It works quite well for a guy with big fingers.My only complaint is the &#34;My Magazine&#34; application. It is attached to the Home button. I find it very annoying simply because I have to back out of it if I press the home button an extra time.Update 2/2/2014There was an update to the My Magazine app. First problem was it didn't install. It was blocked by the system from installing. I had to enable the install from unknown sources in the phone settings. This seemed strange as this app came from Samsung or Sprint. The good news, after installing the update, the app does not seem to be tied to the Home button anymore.

For the most part, it's everything the other people said.  Its a great phone, good sound quality and I love the large screen.  My only issue is the screen is actually too sensitive.  This is actually because of air motion feature.  i've tried turning off all of the air motion options to no avail.  Even without touching the screen, the phone still 'auto pushes' numbers while on the call.  I have to be sure to turn the keyboard off while on the call.

Lakewood CA.Yes the Android Google side of the phone is Awesome but .....I have excellent 4G lte now... thanks sprint!  I have had the note 3 for 3 days and on 100 percent of the calls i have the horrible popping crackling distorted digitized dropped segments of voice and now some dropped calls too.  I haven't dropped a call on my end in a couple years.... but when I call a land-line on my new Sprint Note 3 and it drops it must be your cell right? I really like this phone but.... I use the phone for business and its pointless to continue with the note 3 when i dread a customer incoming call or outgoing as i know that i will have to have them repeat almost every sentence as a few words will be unrecognizable and important such as addresses, phone numbers and job description.  I hope with the help of the community this issue will be quickly resolved.... Thanks everybody!There are several forums with many sprint note 3 customers having this problem.  sprint.com and XDA forums do a search on Sprint note 3 garbled voice and you will find them. [...]  [...]latest review site documenting the issue...  [...]Shannon pm sent

AN AWESOME DISPLAY OF DO EVERYTHING IN A PORTABLE DEVICE.  NOTE 4 & MAYBE A LARGER APPLE 6 AT END OF YEAR.  BUT I'M GOOD RIGHT HERE

I wanted so badly to love this phone, and I do love many things about it. But it has an unexplained (believe me, I've tried with both Sprint & Samsung repeatedly) and obviously completely unacceptable issue in that it can't keep a call connected for more than 5-10 consecutive minutes, and half of that time the other party sounds so garbled and robotic that you can't understand what they are saying. I (and others) have tried multiple "fixes" and exchanging phones to no avail; a lot of these phones are just dysfunctional.There are some other quirks that bug me (chrome freezes a lot, snote app fails for some reason with some frequency, wifi connection is strangely unstable) but I might overlook them as oddness all phones experience if I wasn't constantly hanging up on my clients.

This was a great product and provided a great number of features that have been very useful and I have been extremely satisfied

Best phone out there, but the call quality with this device on Sprints network has major issues (major distortion and garbled voice problems)

The best phone I ever had it's fantastic. I had a galaxy s2 before and this phone far exceeds. the operating system is so fast it's unbelievable.

I've had my Note 3 for a month now and I love it, I don't know how I've gone this long without a screen this size. My first smart phone, was a blackberry, then a Samsung Omni 2 (Windows Phone), then an HTC EVO 3D, then an HTC EVO 4G LTE and now the Note 3. I can say without a doubt that it's the best phone I've ever own (for my personal tastes and needs). The only one drawback is Samsung's flavor of Android skin known as TouchWiz. TouchWiz isn't dead awful but it does need some work as it's sometimes laggy, freezes, the launcher crashes on average about 3 to 3 times a week and I've not been able to attach pictures from within any app when I choose the Gallery as my source, I have to use Google+ Photos. Sharing pics from the Gallery works fine, just not when you're inside an app and you want to attach a photo (Messages, any email app, PowerPoint, Word, etc). Other than that the phone is great!

Took me a while to figure out everything that it does and I'm still learning. This thing is awesome! Had a slight charging problem about a week after getting it. Turns out that they apparently have a problem with these and other samsung phones doing this. Search for reviews on the internet if your thinking about buying one. I got it and Love it!!! Who needs a computer when you have one of these?

What can I say.. it's faster than my EVO, has a more brilliant screen. The only downside is that the battery doesn't last as long as the reviews state. Otherwise.. I'm a happy camper..:)

THIS PHONE TAKES ALL OF SAMSUNG'S OTHER MOBILE DEVICES AND CRUSHES THEM LIKE A BMW OVER A FORD...JUST GO FOR IT ..U WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED

I was a little worried about so many people talking about the size of this phone, but I have no problems with it at all. The camera takes great pictures, the screen is great, and the S Pen-----which I thought would be useless....is great! I can use it to text, to write notes, and it picks up what i am writing in cursive and print. Sound is clear with my bluetooth, and there is no lag when opening apps and programs. Great phone, and after a Sprint upgrade, the phone was only $179, even though Sprint was offering it at $349 with an upgrade! Great price for a great phone! (I upgraded from a Galaxy SIII)

Not a single significant difference between the note 3 and note 2. Huge disappointment for the money i spent. Save your money...

This is my first "Note" phone from Samsung Note line. What caught my attention to even look at the phone was the mutiltasking capabilities of the device. Being able to calculate my finances while looking at a bill on the internet is great! The multi-window function also provides a level of extra multitasking funtions that other phones don't offer. For example: I can have two windows open using the multi-window funtion then open up the calculator app in a smaller window if I wanted to add some numbers.Then there is the action memo app which allows for quick notes to be taken without having to download aditional apps from the app store. Other apps that come in handy (that don't seem like you will use them at first) are S Note and Scrapbook. S Note allows you to keep a journal of notes that are more serious then actions memo and Scrapbook allows you to take a screen shot of something on the internet that you want to view later without having to keep that tab open. It will copy the link to the webpage for later viewing.Last but probably the most important is price. I am a Sprint customer and was due for an upgrade on my account. After all of the Sprint discounts, I would've paid $250+ dollars for the Note 3. Buying the phone through Amazon the phone was $199.99, which may not seem like that much of a difference but means a lot when my own carrier was not going to lower the price. When I finally was going to purchase the phone on christmas day, Amazon lowered the price another $20 to $179.99 with free 2 day shipping!If your looking for a phone that you will be satisfied with, this is the phone for you. Yes, I know it's large but after a few days of having the phone, you will barely notice the size.**1/8/2014 UPDATE**Another great thing I forgot to mention about the phone was the great battery life. Full charge can last for 2 days with normal use, and the unique USB cord charges the phone lightling fast

Awesome phone. Nothing on the market comes close to the specifications on this phone such as the quad core processor, USB 3.0, brilliant 1080p screen , 4K video recording, & S-Pen features. As far as the audio problems reported when the device first came out, an update has fixed the problem & I've experienced zero problems with audio while on a call.

As a former iPhone user - I am definitely impressed with this phone!  Love it!  Will never go back to an iPhone!

we are a family and business of samsung users BUT DO NOT BUY a note 3!!! it DOES NOT HOLD A SIGNAL!!! there is absolutely something wrong with the way this thing was made!!!

Finally the one I've been waiting for,for years. It's large,great screen, fast,versatile,perfect sound quality,and the perfect phone. Phone sound quality is crisp and clear with no distortions and no dropped calls as some reported. I've owned it for a week now and it's been perfect. I highly recommend it.

I don't have time to write a fully extensive review, but I took a shot and snatched one of these up on Amazon during Cyber week when the price went down to $130, even after all of the horrible reviews it had received from sprint reviewers, only. Mine is perfect. I do not have any noises during my phone calls and I have never had anyone complain about any noises from the other end.I really love this phone. In fact, I ordered both this phone and the LG G2 so I could decide which I liked better, first hand. They are both spectacular phones, but I was constantly using the Note 3 because it just offers so many features. I also found the keyboard for texting/typing to be a lot easier and more accurate on the Note 3. The screen is so beautiful, it is just amazing. I also compared the cameras for both the LG G2 and the Note 3. I do not like how long the note 3 takes to process the images, especially because I'm trying to capture my 2 and a half year old, but compared to the LG G2, the camera was much better in the dark with the flash. In fact, in a pitch black room it took a crystal clear image with the flash.I switched from the iPhone 5 and I even tried the 5c, first, which I love Apple products, but just wanted to try something new and different with a bigger screen instead of using a phone and a tablet all of the time. I have not regreted it yet and I've had the phone since the first week of December. I bought the black, although I wanted the white but it was sold out and I didn't want to miss the deal. I figured I'd exchange it for the white when amazon restocked it, but after feeling the rubbery back, I figured I better keep the black because the white has a lot of potential to pick up dye from pockets of jeans, etc. (But, you can find the battery covers for cheap on eBay if you needed to) The back looked ugly when I saw it online, but it feels great and has a great grip and it looks much better in person.The battery is AMAZING. It never dies, and I'm on the phone non stop. When I first got the phone I was trying to kill the battery when it was so low it was red. I had to play a movie, Up in HD to be exact, more than two full times on the brightest screen possible, for the battery to eventually die. I mean, it was ridiculous because I just wanted the battery to die! Lol. And if the battery isn't enough,  you should see the speed at which this phone charges. It is seriously incredible coming from an iphone,  ipad and imac household. Our devices don't charge in half of the time that it takes to get this phone at a full charge.One more thing I will mention for Sprint users: we drove home for Christmas in Decmeber, which we follow 95 all the way from SC to CT. Many times during the trip, I placed the phone in the cubby that my radio screen is in, leaned up on the screen of the radio so my son could see the phone. From there, I streamed multiple Netflix shows for him and HD movies from Vudu, mostly over 4G. It was crystal clear and so fast I was literally amazed. The speaker is not as loud as it could be, but it doesn't bother me.Just remeber, Amazon has a 14 day return policy on your opened device, so you might might as well try it if you are even hesitsting. If you maybe get one that displays the said noises during phone calls, try to even just exchange it to see if you get get a good one. If you get a good one, it's amazing and certainly worth it.Also, and seriously the last thing, if you are a current iphone user: I love the GooglePlay store! I got the movie Up for 8.99, they had each of the three toy story movies on sale for 8.99 (regular 17.99-22.99) and I got the movie Elf FREE in Decmeber AND a free Pearl Jam album album when I was going to download some of their music!! I have spent so much money on iTunes and I have never been offered anything for free, nor have I ever recieve a "sale" email notifying me of any amazing Disney movie deals. Just letting anyone know who is worried about switching!

So many features! Supper fast hardware! Perfect size! Has the business apps I need for my company and the ability to have a client sign contacts, what? I'm totally addicted to this phone running Kitkat 4.4.2 and using all the crazy features we geeks love. Ex-Galaxy Nexus devoted user, had them all and I'm still loving this phone. You can basically control this phone with your voice and hand motions. Okay, I'm done.  Get it!

Battery life is ok. Features are great it is like an oversized galaxy 4. IF you have small hands I wouldn't recommend it though. Get a case asap though I dropped it and shattered the screen within 1 month of owning it. All my iphones over the years never cracked and I dropped them numerous times.

Ordered this phone .......I was so excited....I got it and by the next morning my charger port was burnt out thought it might be the cable......tried a friends and its the phone.......Its horrible......  I just put in for a refund but they said they don't offer refunds....this is a brand new phone that was defective.......Don't trust them.....ill amen this feedback if its fixed but as of now .....im gonna start a boycott!!! and take my story to social media and the ftc!!!!!!

I purchased one for my husband for Christmas.  I saw how nice it was and purchased one for myself.  This one can do everything.

top of the line specs to go along with lots of features. Touchwiz doesnt slow it down at all due to the most ram in any phone on the market right now at 3GB... 32GB base model for storage space is a nice bonus, but would liked to have a 16GB model for $50 cheaper overall bc you can always add in a microSD card for extra space.The camera is good, but it would really benefit from a more in-depth image stabilization feature as sometimes it takes a few seconds and or tries to get the auto focus just right.Battery life is awesome and the best ive ever had on a smartphone.I like to newly more square style a throwback to the original note and galaxy S2 models.The premium faux leather type backing is so nice you have to feel it to believe it. Adds a little more grip to it as well so its less likely to fall, but if you add a case then you cover all that premium feeling and grip up :(Works with the galaxy gear!USB 3.0 but you can still use your older MHL microUSB adapters, OTG and charge cables as well.Wish samsung would workout the auto brightness to work as good as it did in earlier models, but thats a software issue not the phones fault.My only complaint so far is that the metal looking trim is not very durable, as I already have a little ding in mine. If you use a case then this is not an issue, but I hate to use cases that nearly double the weight and thickness it seems.

I used to use an Evo 3D with a 3500mah extended battery before I upgraded to this phone. This phones standard battery can last me all day typically, which is pretty impressive considering the screen size difference and the specs. The only con about this phone that I planned for was the back cover. It may have the faux leather back, but that does not give very much grip. I purchased a spigen case that has a soft touch back on it and adds nothing to the phone. Rooting this phone was super simple as well, so don't be afraid to try. The rooting method I used also did not wipe any data off the phone. I do recommend that after rooting you go into a terminal emulator and disable knox. If you don't, you will get a whole lot of annoying notifications.

UPDATED 11/12/2013I know I may not appear a "Verified Buyer", but I purchased this phone through our primary's Amazon account. I most certainly do own this device. With that out of the way, here are my thoughts after a week of ownership. Also, if you have questions, go ahead and ask. I'll answer them as time allows - I know what it is like to plop down 250 bucks on something and not know that ONE thing you just can't find out about it anywhere. Anyways, on to my impressions.First of all, I did not have this phone prior to the update that was issued to fix call quality. I cannot say for certain the update fixed it, as I never experienced the problem, but what I can tell you is that while I've used it (I immediately installed the update when I got the phone), all the calls I've made have been crystal clear both on my end and on the the callers end. So if that was a worry for you, I would say you can cross that off the list now.Let's quickly talk about who this phone isn't for. Go ahead and skip this section if you are a tech head like me and already poured over tech specs and sheets well before it released. This phone is, unquestionably, huge. It is able to be HELD with one hand, but it's usefulness one handed is somewhat limited. I'm a 6'0 tall guy, slightly above average sized hands. I use Thumb Keyboard as my replacement for stock, and I cannot easily reach the left hand side of the keyboard. It can be done, but it requires some finagling in the hand (that incidentally has it resting precariously on the tips of my fingers near the center of the back of the device). Using the "one handed operation" setting within Thumb Keyboard (or stock for that matter) squashes it to to the side and one handed typing can be accomplished easier that way. But there are plenty of buttons still out of reach. Any keys on the top, for example the Search button on the top of the Play Store, is impossible to reach with your thumb one-handed. You also can't easily reach the capacitive menu button (located to the left of the home button) while operating one handed. The latter two are obnoxious to say the least. So long as you plan to use it mostly with two hands - hold it in one and touch with the other) - usability is perfectly fine.Given that, I can't recommend this phone to anyone who truly wants a phone that can be fully operated one handed. The absolute tips of the scale in terms of one handed operation that I can recommend would be the HTC One (that is what the other two people on my plan got - also great phones) with their 4.7 inch screens. The Note 3 also hase has an incredible amount of power. It will crunch through anything you throw at it, but it is rather overkill at the moment. If you want a future proof level set of internals, this phone certainly fits the bill. But if you are basically going to take phone calls, do some texting, emailing, web browsing and casual gaming, this will be overkill. You can easily get away with the HTC One (or phones of its ilk) with it's previous gen Snapdragon 600 processor.I'll keep the rhetoric to a minimum and get down to brass tacks afterwards. You've probably read a million reviews on this phone already trying to determine if you'll pull the trigger so you don't need me to wax poetical. This phone, aside from it's still somewhat underwhelming construction (it's not cheap, just not HTC One typed premium), is nearly perfect in every other category. The screen is fantastic -  I leave mine set to about 35% brightness and that seems to be the sweet spot for me between readability and power-usage. The ear-piece speaker is pretty good, though not great. Same can be said for the external loudspeaker, but at least it is in fact loud (you can even press a button on the upper right hand side of the stock dialer for "Extra Volume"). I don't care for it's placement though. It's not ideal for directionality, but it is also placed in such a way that my hand covers it when I hold the phone in landscape orientation for gaming and video watching. That is one of the only knocks I have against it actually.Going back to its internals - its Snapdragon 800 processor, Adreno 330 GPU and 3 gigabytes of RAM are all incredibly powerful top tier components. It's basically overkill. I noticed while playing games that the phone would get hot - borderline excessively so - after 5 plus minutes of gaming. That was true of games ranging from Plants vs Zombies 2 to Modern Combat 4. I decided to enable "Power Saving Mode - CPU Power Saving" - something I basically never do on anything ever. I want it to perform above and beyond. But I can say that this phone doesn't see any ill effects from enabling this in day to day performance, or in gaming. I do gather it only limits the CPU clock and not the GPU clock, but it saves you a bit of energy AND keeps the phone cool even after fairly decent length gaming sessions. The framerate on PvZ2, Modern Combat 4, NOVA 3 and others all remained consistently high. In fact, I ran the Epic Citadel benchmark with settings on "Ultra High Quality" and "100% Rendering Resolution Percentage" and got 54-55 FPS whether I left the CPU Power Mode checked or unchecked. So given that, until I find a task that needs it, I'll be keeping this "power saving" feature on - I'd suggest you probably do the same.One handed operation is also aided by the fact that you can dig into the Settings menu, under the Controls tab and find One-handed Operation. Here you can enable "use for all screens" which will allow you to use a quick left to right swipe gesture from the edge of the screen to minimize the window down to a fraction of the screen. I use this the few times I want to reach the top-most corners of the screen one handed (or the menu button, as virtual keys for the main buttons also show up in this windowed mode).I would also suggest grabbing "Folder Organizer" by Fabio Collini. It allows you to group things into folders where you can change the layout to be a list with icons and text (a scrollable list that you can select individual items across a row encompassing nearly the width of the screen making one handed selection very easy). It has other benefits, I've been using it for ages. Makes changing individual app shortcut icons very easy as well.I've found battery life on this device to be well under what I've read in professional reviews. They struggle to kill the battery in a 24 hour period. With a 3200 milliamp battery in this beast, I'd imagine it should be. And still, I find myself looking at the battery stats and seeing 3 hours of screen time and 12 hours of up time with around 20% battery remaining fairly regularly. How power users stretch the Note 3 to have over 24 hours (and some cases closer to 36-48 hours) is beyond me. I turn off features I don't need, keep the brightness down, keep my wireless radios in check - all for naught. It will definitely get you through a work day, but if you are going to be away from an outlet for 12+ hours, I'd be a bit antsy if I've done any medium to heavy usage that day. In standby mode, you'll get plenty of life out of the battery though. I do wonder if there were some ill effects to battery life after the update to address call quality - the discrepancy in battery life seems a bit too drastic and stark in comparison.The S-pen is nice, I will certainly use it, but I wouldn't let it sway you if it was going to dissuade you from getting another phone/phablet. Clearly if you need finite control in certain applications for work or what have you, the stylus on this thing cannot be beat. It does do handwriting quite well and it's pin point precision allows for very fine drawing - not pencil/pen level, but very good nonetheless. I'll also take this opportunity to touch on the "pen-window" functionality. It's limited app selection makes it less appealing in practice than it sounds in theory. I like to use it to have quick access to a Google Hangouts chat window, or maybe a web browser. This also goes for the "mutli-screen" mode. The fact only a fraction of your apps will support either makes this really killer multitasking feature fairly useless. Until they give us access to all our apps via these methods (already done via custom ROMs so it's clearly possible, just restricted by Samsung), it's largely gimmicky. Useful sometimes, but you'll more than likely end up in my shoes - using it because it's there when you get the phone and then never using it again. It's just that limited.One other thing to note is the expandable SD storage is good for files and such, but don't expect to be moving apps over to it. I have a ton of games and other apps that command large file sizes. If you try to use "move to SD card", you'll be able to...but the kicker is that the SD card in this device is actually an emulated one - it simply sees your internal storage as the SD card. You cannot move items to the external SD card, which is a bummer to me. I still have a ton of apps, and you get around 25 gigs for app storage, so it's not like you are limited. But it is a con I didn't anticipate, and imagine others may find this restriction a bit too limiting for their needs.In any event, there are my kind of rambling thoughts on the phone. As I continue to use the phone, I will probably come back and add to the review and update or correct my opinions as I have more time under my belt with this juggernaut. Hope there were some useful bits in there - and your fears about voice quality have been assuaged. Again, feel free to ask questions.

Hey everyone, I just placed an order for a note 3 for sprint last week. I was concerned about all these bad ratings but according to the comments here:[...]Sprint will be releasing an update which will fix the issues on Oct 28th. I believe this release is unacceptable in terms of execution, and response time is relatively slow (one month for a fix ehh), but if you're "stuck" with your note, this comment is just to let you know that help is on the way.

This is best and greatest phone I ever owned, It is so fast and the battery is amazing, lasts all day.

I'm still getting used to this new phone.  It has so many new functions it will probably take me 2yrs to figure them all out.I've had it lock up on me a few times where I had to pull the battery to restart it...frustrating!!!!!My major dislike, is all of the preloaded apps that come on the phone and you can't remove!!!!!! It's almost like it came with its own ads and if I'm getting a phone with ads on it, it should be free!!! or I should at the very least be able to remove them.I'm also having an issue with the wifi, it seems to have a mind of its own when it wants to disconnect from a wifi source...usually right in the middle of a download...this has been the most annoying glitch so far!!!!!!But, over all I really like it, it is just the right size for my hand...I love the big screen!!!

The size was a concern but not after I purchased the device. It has so many features I haven't even begun to tap into yet.

I always have gotten the biggest phones on the market as far as size and power..This one does not disappoint..it'll probably take me a few months to explore all the functions on

so far I've been very satisfied with the phone it has lit up to it expectations battery life on the phone has been good no major issues

I hope to be very thorough with this review and cover many different points that i feel are essential to the everyday use of a phone.Display: This pretty much is the most important part of any phone since it is the thing that you must use to do anything with the phone.  With that being said you will love using this screen.  It is absolutely GORGEOUS.  It is a 5.7 inch display with a full 1920 x 1080 high def resolution that is simply stunning to look at.  The colors are saturated and, due to the fact that it is an AMOLED display the blacks are as black as possible which adds to the color popping that you experience with the display.  The phone can get quite bright and relatively dim screen which helps for power users who like to conserve battery with by turning there phones screen down a tad.  The only negative that stands out in respects to the screen is the fact that if you are in direct sunlight the brightness has to be turned almost all the way up for it to be completely viewable, however, i haven't found this to be anything more than a minor nuisance.Software: Also another part of the phone that you will be looking at all the time is the software that is on the phone.  Out of the box you are greeted with Android 4.3 JellyBean with Samsungs TouchWiz interface on top of Android.  Overall the experience is good.  Everything moves fast and works exactly the way you want it too.  However, there are some times where TouchWiz will make the phone stutter which can get annoying at times.  Bundled with the phone are some Samsung apps that most people will glaze over after checking out.  The one that some may actually use is the WatchOn app.  This app will make your Note 3 your universal TV remote as well as your TV guide.  This is a great way to save space on your coffee table.  I recommend not using a case when using this app because most cases interfere with the IR blaster at the top of the phone that will cause the signal to be undetected. The bundled Google apps are relatively useful especially Google Now which is Google's voice activated search app.  It works wonderfully and is excellent at speech recognition and is a joy to use and see what questions you can ask!Media Consumption: One thing that a lot of people do now a days on there phone is consume media i.e. watch youtube, movies and listen to music.  For the most part the Note 3 does all of these things beautifully.  When it comes to watching any sort of video is a pleasurable experience due to the size and quality of the display.  Its an immersive experience that very few mobile phones offer.  When it comes to the quality of the speakers on the phone, they are more than adequate but if you have a pair of headphones(which you should since the phone comes with a pair!!) you should use those for an even more enjoyable time.  The music app is your standard music app which is good or bad depending on who you are.  You will probably download a separate app for music if you really care about the looks of your apps.S-Pen: One of the things that makes the Note 3 a separate category is the S pen.  It provides a totally unique experience with its own set of apps.  Most of the apps are somewhat gimmicky but some of them are useful.  The action memo feature allows you to take out the s pen and jot down a quick note that you can save and if it is a phone number it will highlight it and you can add it as a contact.  The s note app is where you can take notes with the s pen and after using it in school for a few classes i must say that it works quite well.  You can also use the s pen anywhere you can type and use the handwriting recognition which is scary accurate.  Overall the s pen is something that works very well but you will use it less and less unless there is one feature that you just absolutely love about the s pen.Camera:  The camera on this phone is one, if not the best camera on a phone.  13 megapixels is a great number but, it doesn't always show how good the camera.  In this case the number reflects performance.  You get extremely high quality pictures that will wow everyone you show them too.  Their is a plethora of shooting modes that you can explore and it really is a joy to shoot with.  When it comes to video it is equally as stunning with an added bonus.  The Note 3 can capture full 4K resolution video.  That is 3840 x 2160 pixels.  For those of you that know what that is that should be a huge benefit to having this phone as well as making for a future proof phone.Power: If you have heard anything about this phone you have heard of the raw power this phone possesses.  Its packing a 2.3 Ghz quad-core snapdragon 800 processor with 3 gb of ram and 32 gb of storage.  These are incredible specs that many high end tablets dont even have.  This ensures a future proof phone and a phone that can run anything and everything you throw at it with almost no lag.  You can switch between apps fast and even use multiple apps at once thanks to the help of the ridiculously fast processor this thing totes!Overall: This phone overall is one of the most powerful and all around amazing phones on the market.  The size may turn off some but if you can get use to its size then you will be in the presence of a truly amazing phone.  Dont hesitate to go into a store and try one out and look for yourself the amazingness that is this phone!!!Please if you have any questions feel free to comment and i willdo  my best to help!!!

By far the coolest portable technology I've owned. Now...to find accessories for it and perhaps a music dock that coincides.

Love it just wish it had flash otherwise it would have a 5 from me the note 4 I'm looking forward to

It's a lot bigger than my HTC EVO but somehow it's lighter. It's very fast and has so many features that an iPhone5 can't touch. I love the camera features and it takes great pictures. This is the best smart phone on the market.

I've had it for about a month and though a couple of small glitches due to service area, this Note 3 has been flawless. Some reviews say it has poor phone voice sound but I don't hear any difference than most any other phone. Also paid the best price available on Amazon.com

Outstanding quality, thick cable with very tight connection.  QA'S tolerances must be hand tried and eyed. Great job ladies and gentlemen.

Had to come here and help out with good experiences. I've only had it for a week though. The little features in this phone are amazing. There is no lag, but of course it had a quad core and 3GB of RAM. I have had some dropped calls but no more than my S3 do I blame the network. Great phone overall. Didn't buy from Amazon, bought from Sam's club!

To those that say &#34;Perfection&#34; doesn't exists... I disagree... this Mobile Device is Perfect.And truly light years away from the competition.Cant say ANY thing wrong about this phone, I left the Nokia family 2 years ago with the Samsung Galaxy S4 and i will never look back. As a larger fellow, my hands fit perfectly on the Note 3. I upgraded through Amazon and gave my mother the S4 through Sprint and i had no problems switching. Every one won here.Amazon prices for cellphones are unbeatable, don't waste your time driving to a retail store... they never match prices, doesn't matter what carrier you have. I purchased my S4 for $200 when it came out and i also got the Note 3 for $200 through Amazon... no one ever believes how its $150 off then most websites or stores.Once again, Thank you Amazon...Oh I almost forgot, Blazing fast shipping speed when it comes to the phones, 2 days every time.

Latest update: I finally got the Andriod Kitkat update and that seems to have fixed the call issues I was having. That's great but they should not have released a product that was not ready for consumer use...Update:  I got the Airave working good after playing with the phones settings. 4G LTE must be turned off.  However, when I leave the house I still get dropped calls all the time.Original Review: The phone is great for everything else though. Every phone call I make is dropped within a minute. I called sprint (on my wife's iPhone) and complained for 20 minutes to 3 different people. They sent me an Airave (for free). It was easy to set up. My wife and I now both get a full signal in the house, but even with a full signal there was no change in the phone. It still drops calls like crazy. Sometimes after ringing only once or twice. I had to call someone back 3 times for a short conversation. Awful. Avoid this phone like the plague.

I've been using HTC Android phones for the past 4 years or so. First I had the EVO 4G on Sprint, then the EVO 4G LTE. I loved both of those phones but I wanted to try something new with a larger screen. This phone is absolutely amazing. I have very large hands and I can comfortably hold it in one hand. The display is beautiful.  One of the things I look for in a phone is a clear, sharp, nice looking display. This one nails it. Photos are beautiful on the display. I have not found anything that I do not like about this phone. The USB 3.0 charger will charge a completely dead battery to 100% in 2-3 hours! Plus the battery lasts all day with power to spare. I honestly cannot think of anything that would make this phone better. Awesome!

Best Phablet (Phone + Tablet) Ever!! My Wife and I love our phones. Plus for $199.99 + Free S&H; on Cyber Monday 2013, Best Price as well.This is a retailed $700 Phone, so anything below $500 is a good deal, due to what this phone can do.Using Google Now will change your life for the better, and using the S Pen will save you time, when using the Action Memo and other features.Enjoy!

To get right to the point the phone is awesome in every way except in the most basic of ways trying to use it as a phone. I am now on my third replacement and this does the same distorted/garbled/popping dance while on voice calls as the other 3. It's simply un acceptable. Sprint hasn't helped and samsung hasn't even admitted to the problem. My understanding is this is quite common to alot but not all sprint/verizon note 3's. Here's the long thread over on the sprint community forums regarding this problem....[...]

I got my Note 3 on Sprint the last week and it is absolutely amazing! Sprint did an update for the voice quality issue and calls a crystal clear no issues at all. Once you go this big you wont go back to anything else.

A wonderful phone with just about everything you would expect from a top of the line phone, Samsung has produced a winner with this one.

It's fast got here in no time one of the best thing I ever bought great ear buds just amazing how fast and how many things are capable of doing best phone of the year

I DID BUY THIS PHONE WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT. I GOT ALITTLE BIT OF THE STATIC THAT EVEY ONE WAS TALKING ABOUT. SAMSUNG DID COME OUT WITH AN UPDATE AND ALL THE PROBLEMS ARE NOW GONE. THIS PHONE IS A PERFECT 10 IN EVERY WAY SHAPE AND FORM  I WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND

The Note is great. I love the features and apps. I have no complaints so far. I came from the blackberry world, major difference.

I've had this phone for a month now and I love it!! I haven't had any problems! The battery lasts all day, love how fast it is and camera is amazing overall great phone!!!

Awesome!  Phone is everything I expected and more. Lots of cool features and really easy to use. If you thinking about getting this phone I would recommend.  I had the HTC 4G  before and really like this one bettr.

This Thing IS AWESOME!!! It can do anything that you need done, i would highley reccomend it and i plan on using all of the unlimited data sprint has to offer

I have owned a lot of phones(Palm pilot, treo, pre,  HTC evo,  evo 3d, note 2)  and this by far beats every one of them hands down.  Large capacity of phone(32gb+3gb memory) has never had me running into "out of space" issues I have had with other phones. Very responsive, good camera for a phone camera. If someone is complaining about the camera on this then I would suggest they stick with a real camera and not bash this phone camera.  It is after all a smartphone first and the camera is just an added plus. Features are beyond what I take full advantage of and if I did use them all, it would probably make the experience with this phone that much better. Some people complain about quality of Samsung phones(ie plastic back,  sides etc).  However, I have always put a case on my phones, so this has never been an issue with me. Like some others have stated, there are occasionally some issues with call quality.  I don't know how much of that is the phone versus Sprint's cell service.  I get echos on my calls when I  am near my work area, but not so much near my home. Lastly,  battery life.  This has been the longest lasting battery life on any phone I have owned. There he occasion been occasional times where my battery has drained exceptionally fast, but I would blame that on a bad update for one of my apps rather than on the phone.

Charger does not charge my phone and they want ME to purchase another one. That's crap!  Phone does not get good service anywhere I use it..

Everyone thinks this phone is huge.  It's not.  It fits in the pocket just fine, even with a case.  It's super slim, slimmer than my fiance's iphone 5.  She is very jealous of my phone and cannot wait to upgrade to Android.

I love this Phone. It has a great camera. I would recommend it to anyone. I'm still learning what I can do with this phone. I like the s-pen for taking quick notes.

Phone is FAST, screen colors are crisp, apps and data run great.  Smooth and easy to use.  Charges quickly and battery lasts all day, even with heavy usage!

The price that Amazon has for this phone.....EXCELLENT! The phone is absolutely incredible. From the calendar to the pen, everything with this phone works perfecly together.

I was at sprint store in fremont, CA.  tech said there is a known problem for the dropped calls and voice problems.  They will be release a patch/update the week of 10/28.Until then, at least one this can improves calls/drops is to turn off the proximity sensor.  There is a weird issue which causes the proximity sensor to detect the phone incorrectly and drop the call.I haven't been able to use my phone to make calls > 30-90 seconds before they drop off.  Once I disabled this setting in the store, I was able to make/receive calls in excess of 5 minutes.  So, looks like it might help as a temporary fix until the bugs worked out in next week or so.

The phone has so many features that I a, still learning how great this phone is.i switched from an apple product to Samsung.  I love my Note 3 phone, and now I need to get my wife one.  Great job Samsung,

Great phone and shipping was awesome. The phone itself was a great deal but for a new phone it had a imperfection in the upper left corner of the screen. It's alright for me but for others it could be a problem.

I'll start off by saying I've had these Sprint phones:The Galaxy S2, the Galaxy S3, the Note 2, and now the Note 3.Maybe Samsung and Sprint have a thing about having problems every other generation. One of the reviewers alluded to the fact that their S2 Epic Touch was basically unusable for GPS/Location services along with a host of other problems. This is true because I had the same issues. When the phone was upgraded to Jellybean from Gingerbread, battery life was 2-3 hours and there's tons of information online about how Sprint and Samsung basically failed to support that phone and/or fix it's issues.I ended up selling it and bought a Photon which served me well until I got a S3. The S3 was great and I passed along to a family member when I got the Note 2. The Note 2 was by far the BEST phone I'd ever used. It eliminated my need for a tablet and I pretty much turned on my laptop in the rare instance that I needed a full 15 inch screen for work. That's how good the phone was, with amazing battery life, solid performance, and an absolutely reliable background. The only thing that disappointed me was the screen resolution...it was good, but it wasn't great when I compared it next to the HTC One or S4.I was so excited for the Note 3 that I sold my Note 2 for $400 and bought the Note 3 off contract for $700. I figured the $300 I was paying was equal to what I would have paid if I had an upgrade that was available. Initially I was in awe of this device. It was everything that the Note 2 was, but improved. I rarely make calls because I usually use messaging so I didn't expect anything to be wrong with the most basic part of the phone. This past week, I've had to make quite a few phone calls for work and that's when I noticed the problems. I looked up, &#34;Sprint Note 3 call problem&#34; and ran into a slew of forums and websites stating this issue.On one Android specific site, the reviewer even said that during his review period, the phone made flawless calls. Just this past week, he hasn't been able to make any calls.This may be a software/network issue but Sprint seems to be completely dropping the ball. There's no reassurance to the people who bought this phone and they strangely deleted a thread on their own community forum that they started, which basically said they were looking into the matter. Now, why would they go through the trouble to post that, and then delete it the next day?This is a fantastic device, but it's not a phone. A phone is something you can make and receive calls with. As it currently stands, you can't with this version of the Note 3. Check online and research before you buy this. I'm unable to return my phone because I bought it off contract and am hoping a fix is issued. If that happens I'll change my review, but until then STAY AWAY!

There is almost nothing to complain about with this phone.  I had the Note II previously, and this phone gets about twice the battery life, is about twice as fast (unrooted, stock ROM) as the previous model (even rooted & running custom ROMs), and has tons of RAM and storage.  It is like the put the Note on NOS (to use an automotive analogy).  It even automatically downloaded & installed all my previous apps a soon as I logged in with my Google account, which might be an Android feature, or a Samsung feature - I'm not sure, but this is my fourth Android phone, and this is the first time I haven't had to go back to the Play store & reinstall all my apps manually!  As fast as this phone is, I don't think I'm even going to bother trying to root the phone or install any custom ROMs - I'm happy with the way it works, as-is, and don't see that changing anytime soon.

Just upgraded from the galaxy note 2 (another amazing phone), the Note 3 feels great in your hand and is practically a hand held computer. Movies are so clear but the sound could be a little better. For work it's great to document,  snap pictures, and write out daily reports.

This phone has the goods!! As a heavy user it will be the first phone I have had in a while that will outlast the 2 year contract!!

When I received this phone I was initially very pleased. The display is gorgeous (full HD). The phone is incredibly fast when multitasking or playing demanding HD games. It comes with 3GB RAM and 32GB memory internal (25GB usable). It has an expansion slot that will take a 64GB card. The S pen feature is great to take notes while on a call. Sounds great right?It would be the best phone I ever had, except for the fact that the call quality is very poor. I know many people do a limited amount of voice calling on their phones so this may not be much of an issue for some. I use the phone for business so this problem makes the phone unusable for me. During calls you will hear popping noises, modulation, and sound distortion. I can't keep asking my clients to repeat everything they say. I replaced my original phone but the second phone has the same problem.I would rate this phone excellent if this problem could be resolved. But for now the phone is not usable.

I have only had the phone for about 2 days now, but I'm really loving it!  I'm on Sprint in the San Francisco East Bay Area, and so far call quality has been great -- none of the call-quality problems that other have reported.  Everything else about the phone is working perfectly, and I have only scratched the surface in what all it's capable of doing.  Getting it for $199 on Amazon's Black Friday sale was superb.  I love, love, love the big screen, and how fast and speed it is.12/30/13 (1 month) Update:  I am still amazed and so happy with this updated Galaxy.  It just works.  The bright, huge screen.  The fantastic battery life. No stalls/crashes.  It does everything it says that it can do (unlike my original Galaxy phone which was an on-going series of disappointments).  So far, the only small disappointments have been:1st: The home page(s) will not display in landscape mode (as will just about every other app I have installed on the phone will).  I understand this just isn't a feature that was built into the system.  Even my old horrible Galaxy I would do that.2nd:  The IR Blaster and the "WatchON" App (remote TV control) don't work as well as I had hoped.  The interface is a bit wonky, and trying to set up the various A/V devices you're trying to control is not so easy.  And even when programmed and set-up, trying to control multiple devices is just not easy.  I've all but given up on that feature.  But that's more of an issue with the app, and not the phone itself.

Awesome phone...a bit fragile but still cool. Im sure when LifeProof Case comes out, it'll be secure and ready for any bump or drop

on our family 10-line plan, we have 3 of these phones, 4 LG G2s and 3 basic flip phones.As to the Note 3 with SPRINT:Father in law bought first one from Sprint store for $350+ tax to upgrade his old phone he was credited for/due. When using the phone as issued, he was having EXTENSIVE problems with call quality. Dropped calls, garbley voices, missed words, etc. I remember when considering this device for myself, trying to have conversation with him with my trusty, old LG Optimus S...over 4 minutes of talking with him, I needed to recall him more than 8 times, due to his Note 3 phone's ability to hold a call--repeated drop calls within seconds!!! Although I thought this fan-dangled new Note 3 phone was a worthless hunk of crap at first...I REALLY wanted to like it still, so read dozens and dozens of reviews from all carriers.I live in an area that is currently undergoing a 4G LTE expansion, so figured, in the end that the issue/conflict 'tween Samsung and Sprint was related to this new tech in our area....and ended up taking the plunge on a Note 3 for both my wife and self.IF YOU'RE WANTING TO KNOW THE BEST DEAL POSSIBLE, I INCLUDE THE NEXT PARAGRAPH TO LET ANYONE KNOW HOW I GOT MY TWO NOTE 3s FOR LESS THAN $30 EACH (skip it if you don't care)!I REALLY wanted to order ALL my phones thru Amazon for countless reasons, but a glitch with Sprint didn't allow me to do so...the system kept disallowing Amazon from adding any lines of service to my account, although I was cleared/approved by Sprint for 11 lines. *sigh* So, bittersweet...Regretfully, yet thankfully, I went to local BB (The blue store with yellow accents) & bought 'em all there (over 4 horrible return-trip-to-stores, attempts to activate with continued issues with Sprint's system glitch....NOT the fault of BB--they were also fantastic.) each for $220 +tax. [I returned today and had 'em adjust pricing for the crazy-low price Amazon blew these out for @ $125 +tax, each!!! which ended up being $25 each, since I got in on BB's promo and traded in two literally-worthless (6+yr-old) smartphones for each Note 3 to get $100 credit applied during first purchase, lol!]Well, onto the phone's functionality:SAME ISSUES with lack of calling-functionality, out of the box: Crappy phone/voice quality. So I switched the settings from 4G LTE to CDMA and problem solved!!!Since then, we've enjoyed sooooooo many functions, and the display, and adequate phone-call quality without hiccups/issues for about a month now! My wife got white, mine's black and both have their pro/con and we are both completely satisfied and thankful for this phone we feel is by far the best out there currently.The LG G2s are fantastic too, and I can see how someone wanting a bit smaller phone thinking they are ideal, but we like the size of the Note 3 better overall, and it's abilities as a tiny computer/tablet FAR surpass the G2 in our opinion, and would have been worth the $240 extra if stuck with that. CERTAINLY worth $25+tax "splurge" over ANY phone I've compared it to, lol!Hope those main 2 tips help anyone in consideration of this phone.  (BB tends to have that promo going a majority of the time, where you can trade any 2 working smartphones toward the purchase of a certain model they carry [during my purchasing time it was the Note 3 one week, the G2 other weeks], totaling $100 off your new phone, and will match prices here too!)Although I saved so much more money in the end with BB, I'm still letdown that Sprint's glitch prohibited me from an Amazon purchase--they certainly earned my business, and EVERY time I've had issue or needed to get help from their wireless dept.......they were HANDS DOWN the best customer service I've dealt with in a long long time.I saw one other reviewer concerned that when trying to activate their phone, they couldn't because they were told by their carrier that the phone was attached to someone else's account. Happened to me in the past too>> simply call Amazon's hotline for wireless support, and they take care of the glitch in minutes while you're on the phone...sometimes when Amazon ships/processes, the ECN/phone #, is left in limbo...they make a quick call and clear it up instantly to allow for your mailed-phone to be activated onto your account.*SMILES*

I've been a fan of the bigger sized phones for some time and Samsung has been paving the way in terms of quality large phones. I remember when I had the 4.5in screened Samsung Infuse and it was considered large. I've had a Note and Note 2 and loved both. Note 3 continues the tradition of keeping everything that worked, improving where needed, and adding features I wouldn't have even thought to ask. So many of the little annoyances I had with my Note 2 have been addressed.  Its clear they put a lot of thought into finding out what people loved and wanted changed.When I first held the phone I fell in love. The form factor is just great and the screen is a noticeable jump up. That's saying something when the Note 2 already had a stellar screen resolution. I don't feel the need to have this one in a case. The slippery back of the Note 2 required a case as I dropped it a couple times when holding it bare.Rather than go on feature by feature I'll suffice to say everything feels like a great and noticeable improvement. S-pen, camera, screen, on and on its the phone I loved before but better in every way I could have asked for. I've tried dozens of smartphones over the past 5 years. The Note 2 was the first one I actually held onto for a year. I easily see myself holding onto the 3 that much or longer (depending on when they bring out a 4th ;) ).I highly recommend this phone.*Update a week in. I'm still just as impressed with this phone if not more so. The biggest thing I've found since my review is how much battery this phone offers. The battery size is insignificantly larger than the Note 2 which means they really improved the performance greatly to have increased battery efficiency this much. With the Note 2 most days of average us (lots of music streaming but not much else) I'd be about out of battery by end of work 5pm-ish. Now I'm at around 50%. I can make it through a full day without charge using the phone a good amount throughout. I did a test a couple days ago purposefully trying to drain it as fast as possible. Screen on high brightness near continuously while downloading several GB of data over 4G and it lasted over 6 hours! I remain extremely happy I got this phone.

I love this phone! I've had it for a couple of months now and I still find out new things. Plus with Sprint getting 4G, I can really enjoy it everywhere I go. The display is great! My girlfriend got one even though she thought it was too big at first. She loves it! I wpukd definitely recommend!

First thing I want to say is that there was an audio issue when the phone came out. However, it was fixed with a software update 2 weeks later. This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. Previously that title went to the Note 2. It has a long lasting battery, an unbelievable HD display, an easier than ever to use stylus, and an infared remote control that can control any tv and cable box. Disregard previous negative comments about the audio issue. This is the phone to buy. It is a 5 out of 5 start phone.

I brought the phone not through amazon,  but through sprint.  Good sound quality and picture quality is excellent.BEWARE!The  only issue I have is through Google and their latest update to kitkat 4.4.2 firmware.  Google rendered my sd card useless and that is very sad, I had purchased this phone because of its memory capacity 64 gb..  So beware,  if google doesn`t correct this then that 64 gb sd capacity is useless unless you plug that SD card directly into your computer. SD card is now read only in the phone for almost all apps.

I'm no stranger to smartphones, so I haven't been overwhelmed by the functionality of this workhorse. Sprint claims this is a professional grade device and they are correct! I love this phone!

Love this phone!!!!!!!..it was worth the wait Galaxy Note 3 is by far the Best phone I've ever had

The phone is amazing. Easy to use and very light weight. It is a bit on the big side but that is why you got it in the first place. I will say this, Samsung could have put a better signal radio in this phone but overall I love the phone and so will you!

Love my Note 3. Best phone on the planet. I'm posting this review with it right now. I thought it might be to big, but everyone else's phone seem so small.

Awesome device.  Very fast, excellent screen.  I watch streaming video with no lag or pauses.  the handwriting recognition is amazingly accurate - in both English and Korean.

Only issue for me is the ring volume, but for someone with normal hearing it should not be a problem.

Compared  S4 side by side with Note  3.  Both fantastic phones. Basically, the Note 3 is a S4 on steroids. If  your hand is  large enough to hold the Note comfortably,  get it.  Originally was planning on purchasing the S4,  but glad I changed my mind. Emails can be read w/out scrolling,makes a great Ereader, and is easier to use the keyboard due to the larger size.

Nationwide Sprint edition of the Note 3 is problematic and non-functional as a phone. Garbled, cracking, popping, voice frequency morphing, tinkling and call dropping. Wi-Fi hangs on "identifying IP address" and or "can't connect, signal strength too weak" all while my LAPTOP is connect to the same Wi-Fi at "Excellent" signal strength and speeds (sitting right next to "El Problemo" [Note 3]). Lagging on simple app games (like Atomic Bomber) where my Note 2 doesn't. Laggy touch wiz interface. SNote has major text entry problems, quirky and buggy. You cannot transfer native "phone" calendar info from a Note 2 to Note 3. Kies 3.0 (New Note 3 compatible version) won't see/recognize prior Kies backups, nor does the Smartswitch app support native phone app info syncing. So, if keeping your prior native phone data is important, you'll be out of luck (yes, Samsung released a buggy phone which had no means to receive Note 2 native phone app backups. You'll also loose all your SNote book covers as SNote for the Note 3 is not compatible with the Note 2 (but the raw Note 2 data will sync with Smartswitch to the Note 3... You'll just loose all your formatted covers). Nada on the Note 2 native phone calendar entries.There's no way to get them to the Note 3 unless you manually change all your calendar entries to a Google or Samsung account. Also Google will only Sync a few months worth of Data. Thus, if you were leery of keeping your calendar on Google's or Samsung's "might be hacked someday" server, and saved your info to the native galaxy note 2 calendar app instead, you're outta luck getting your calendar info onto the Note 3. Some thanks for using native "Note" apps eh? There are a slew of other El Problemo (Note 3) Issues. Just Google "Note 3 Issues" or go to the Sprint Community website and search the same text. Don't get this phone! Trust me. I'm on my third one.

Very good size. The back feels very good and give good grip. The phone is super fast and has great memory space

I am loving it! And after all, it doesn't feel as big on my hand like some people think. Battery life is great as well.

Love the battery life and the great screen, I'm still getting use to the size of the phone because i carry it in my shirts pocket and doesn't close completely but its worth it, I'm still learning a few things that I can do with this big screen and because my old phone was an htc also android still Samsung has kind of over loaded the sofware

item arrived on time an intact works great love my note 3

This is just another notch in my galaxy belt, and I am not disappointed in this one either.  I have enjoyed every Samsung phone I have ever owned, and to me this one is no different.  The updates this one brings from the Note 2 are amazing.  The design, weight, resolution, camera are amazing.  Hopefully they can out do this one.

This phone is just what I was looking for.  The other ones I owned did not help me with seeing them to clearly and this one is great on the eyes.

I like many of the features.  Phone dialing should be streamlined.  One touch, not 3 although you can use voice activation or spell the name.  eye catcher.

Love the phone. Everything about is great! Tried many phones. IOS and android, by far this is the very best.

Long time Android user. Always do my research on a phone before buying. Been due for an upgrade but couldnt decide for a while. Bought this phone for the S-Pen which sets it a part from pretty much any other phone on the market. I knew I would have to adapt to the drastic increase in size coming from the Galaxy Nexus. Its large but manageable for a guy with large hands. Hadnt used a phone with Touchwiz for quite some time and the improvements are noticeable. So much so that I dont really see the need to run a third party launcher. This coming from someone that was running an AOSP Rom (CM11) on a Nexus device. The lag the Touchwiz was known for causing I have not noticed with this device. I like to think Ive outgrown the gotta have the newest yearly device phase and will be holding onto this phone as long as possible. The specs are fairly future proof and the accessories support for Samsung devices is always top notch. So if you're interested in the S-Pen functionality or a phablet device. It doesnt get any better than Samsungs Note series devices. If you just want a new smartphone the S5 or the HTC One will give you everything you need in a slightly smaller package, minus the S-Pen.Edit: Wanted to add a nod to Amazon. I had an issue when trying to order the phone where there was no option to select my current plan which no longer is directly by Sprint. I could only choose one of the newer unlimited plans. Had a short chat session with Amazon Customer Service Rep. explaining my issue. Said he would have the wireless department send me an email. Before I got the email I tried to place my order again and the option to keep my current plan was now available during checkout. So just a nod to very good customer service on Amazons end.

Best phone ever. It's so easy to use.  Every day I learn something new.  It's an easy phone to use.

This phone is amazing hardware wise. When using it for data and media consumption it's an awesome phone. I have two of these devices, but am unable to return them as Sprint wants to charge $36 restocking fees for defective phones.The problem is using it as an actual phoneSprint has yet to respond to consumers, nor has a fix been put out.If you plan on using your phone as a phone, then skip this or wait until the software is properly updated.Otherwise you're basically buying a tablet because phone calls are horrendous.----Sprint has issued an update and the voice quality is improved. Unfortunately, their network is still way behind. Even when I get an LTE signal my speed tests usually register 3Mbps-7Mbps. That's fine and I would gladly take that if it was reliable. Unfortunately, I find myself way too often back on 3G with speeds at .35Mnps to .12Mbps which is essentially USELESS.

I'm so impressed with this phone.  It is easy to learn and it does so much more than what I expected.  I would recommend this to anyone.  This is my first smart phone and before I was doubtful that I could learn it.  I looked at many phones and this one was the one for me.I love the screen, the design, and easy handling. Thank you.

I am delighted with my Galaxy Note 3 purchase from Sprint.  Fortunately for me, I purchased it at a tremendous savings.  The only problem I had was with my carrier.  The local Sprint Store did not want to do the activation and transfer my data since I did not purchase from them.  Otherwise, it has been great.  I am still learning how to use the features since my local Sprint Store has been less than helpful.
