
What I Like:1. The SCREEN - oh my word. It makes my beautiful HTC One's screen look small and dim. This is the best screen I've seen on any smartphone. The thin bezels are...thin.  The resolution is impossibly sharp.  I love, love, LOVE the screen. It's difficult to overstate how awesome it is.  OH MY GOSH IT'S SO AWESOME!2. It's difficult to imagine a much better camera, hardware-wise. The images are perhaps slightly on the cool side for my personal taste (I edit most images anyway), but the resolution is high without graininess, the shutter is fast, and you get very usable images overall.  The camera software is...not my favorite.  See my notes on software later on.3. Snappy. Fast. No lag at all. The processor/RAM combination on this phone will please anyone.  Overall, though, I think that hardware specs are overrated as a way to judge high-end smartphones.  You won't be able to tell a difference between a Snapdragon 600 and a Snapdragon 800, 99.8% of the time.  Don't buy a phone just because of a 0.5 GHz difference in processor speed.4. You will notice the larger battery on this phone.  It outlasts my HTC One by an hour or so overall.  It doesn't charge very fast though.5. Fairly thin profile, on par with other flagship smartphones.6. Good price for a high-end phone.What could go either way:1. Buttons on the back of the phone.  You get used to them quickly, and some people even really like them. Some might hate them.  For me, it wasn't actually a huge deal either way. I think overall, I prefer them on the side, but don't make this a sticking-point.2. I don't know how I managed to scratch this screen in just two weeks of ownership, but I did. In several places. With a case on the phone. Now, this may be me and not the case, but usually I expect a bit more durability. Still, it's Gorilla Glass...so there's that...What I don't like:1. The SOFTWARE skin.  Why, oh why did you butcher Android, LG? Okay, it's not terrible. Just...dinky.  Cheesy.  Overdone. There are a lot of features, but all of them are just a little...too much. Overall, the feel is just cartoony.  Coming from the modern, sleek, understated, and beautiful HTC Sense - and iOS before that - it was just not for me. I'm pretty sure I would have been wholly taken in by this phone if it had stock Android. But the software experience is so much more important than specs and even the screen.  Design is somewhat a subjective thing, but it was more than design. Even ignoring the AT&T; add-ons, there just way too much bloat. Some people may not care as much about software.  But for me, it really was a deal breaker, and I had to trade it in after two weeks.2. Slick, plastic shell materials. It's not that it doesn't feel "premium". It's solid enough.  Just not as premium as my HTC One or iPhone. The hardware appearance is just obviously not something they emphasized.Overall:Go try this phone.  Play with it for a long time. Play with the settings, the dialer, the contacts, the email.  Do it all, and if you like the software then get this phone. If you it bothers you even a little, beware - it may drive you mad.  But it's subjective, and you might like it. The screen, battery, and specs are perhaps the best in the market - even 8 months after its launch.  If you find you like the software, you can't go wrong with the LG G2.

This smarthphone is just excellent. It is not only its price is fair but the operating system and resources are very well balanced. I do not have any troubles so far. It works like charm.

I been using the g2 for around 5 months on T-Mobile and its almost flawless it well surpassed my expectations I was going to get the sony experia z but went with the lg glad I did , the camera is awesome screen is very clear when watching videos, no lag at all very fast and responsive the battery is good too with moderate usage it should definitely last all day without charging you can tell right away this is a high end phone, the knock on/off feature is amazing it always seems to work real well and  the buttons on the back took me 2 days to get used too now I cant switch back to the side buttons, the only negative is its kinda fragile one little crack on the screen and the whole thing just does not work properly it happened to me twice and now I invested in a good protective case

I have used the cell phone for one month. Everything work very well. I absolutely agree the view that the battery is really excellent. the power is very strong. I never used like this before.

Unbelievable phone. And I had many phones in the last 7 years (not including using my wife's, cousin's, etc..). And now the price is dropping even further down. With phones like this one and the next gen in 2014, iphones will have a tough time selling soon although they have a niche market and people are seemingly Apple-lifers. If you use an iphone 5S for a week and then put your hands on the LG G2, you would realize what most already know- Android rules & LG is providing superior tech without all the high price of Samsung and Sony. Don't get me wrong, I was a big supporter and user of the iphone and Galaxy lines, and maybe I'll change to something different in the future- however, Google with their open-source method and rapid adoption by developers and outrageous number of choices and ''free'' apps, it would be near impossible to think of an alternative. And this BEAST of a phone, sorry ... BEAST of a portable computer in my hand/pocket - I can enjoy entertainment and also use the many productivity tools for my work with incredible ease. How do we go back to the times before this?

Is great  thanks a lot for this product is fast and totaly new is a good experience i am enjoying it

A thin and light phone with a nice appearance, a powerful core, a impressive 13M-Pixel lens and a gorgeous touchscreen. The hardware is perfect. But it has a System of a mixture of English, traditional and simplified Chinese, and has pre-installed too many useless software which need to be removed one by one.The attached earphone is poor in both performance and appearance.

This phone feels absolutely amazing in the hand. Very nice hard/smooth plastic body (don't get stereotypical of plastic because it actually feels nice). I've had this phone for the day, and all I can say is wow. I cannot wait to show off how amazing this phone is to my friends and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a high end smartphone!There is one complaint that's rather large, I use Straight Talk on AT&T; but this phone doesn't support the LTE Bands! It was a huge let down, because LTE just seemed to be something you wouldn't have to worry about getting. Regardless, I get 8mb/s download steady on HSPDA+ but it all depends on your local coverage!Please view your carrier's supported bands and your phone's supported bands to see what speeds you'll be getting!

I love everything about the LG G2. My only complaint would be it's attraction to smudge marks and fingerprints. A case and screen protector are a must, and are a good thing to have for any phone to begin with.

Perfect phone. Perfect price. Happy customer. Would recommend this smartphone to anyone looking for an upgrade or is into customisation.

Two major reasons specifically why I bought this phone are the camera and the battery.The battery is exceptional, I can go 12-15hrs a day without charging whilst : -1) Using wifi the entire time at work and mobile data on the travel to and from work2) Checking sports updates, taking pictures on site visits3) Listening to music during lunch break4) Constant use of whatsapp5) Use of live wallpaper (which is a known battery)The 13MP camera is fantastic except in dim lighting however this can be adjusted using the brightness setting.Definitely my best phone purchase. Great job LG!!Edit: I took off my live wallpaper and got just over 20hrs of battery life whilst doing my normal daily routine.

Really nice phone, i wont go onto specs because everybody can look at them in the web.The phone is more sleek than what you'd expect, it  has really nice feel in the hand, BUT its plastic, and its glossy plastic, and its a fingerprint's magnet (I just bought a case for it, Slim Armor from Spigen). About the back buttons, i got used to them really really fast, I've had the phone less than 4 days and today i was looking for the buttons on the back of my lil bro's Moto G. (So yeah, you can get used to them that fast).About the screen, it is just GORGEOUS, there are little words to describe how amazing this is. however, I've found a patter of vertical lines across the entire screen. They are not that perceptible, the only way i can see them is with the screen  turned off and with direct light on the screen (I saw it because i'm inspecting my screen every night looking for the more minimal scratch, if i get to find one, I'll be buying a screen protector).Ok Guys (YOU NEED TO READ THIS) please DO NOT upgrade your phone to kitkat, it has a serious problem with messaging, you wont be able to send nor receive sms (app will force close whenever you try to). IF YOU ALREADY DID there are 2 ways to solve this: you can downgrade to JB or Download Textra (it is a messaging app, the only one who worked for me, and i tried a lot of them: Handcent, Hangouts, Go SMS)I'll upgrade this review later with software and camera info (if you have any question just ask it!)

This is the best one!Excellent price and awesome performance!Nice screen and the battery performance is incredible!I recommend you!

pros:performance, great bright display, very nice camera, exceptional battery life, the wake on double tap feature is nice.cons:a real finger print magnet, the button location can be frustrating at first (on the back of the phone).I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who wants a fast phone with a large display and great battery life.

I loved this phone, excellent camera, very fast, great screen for the price it is the best phone I would buy. Recommend to all. In works perfectly with Movistar and Movilnet of Venezuelan  3G H +.As for the functionality is pretty good, simple and easy for the user, even has available version of Kit Kat that runs very well.I really did not put any negative aspect and I really liked to lock and unlock the screen with only two touches, this phone is incredibly good.

Is power everything?  For some it's all they look for in a new device, for others they just want something that does what they need it to do and is easy to use.  No one can deny that the LG G2 is not a beast of a phone with it's (currently) top of the line 800 Snapdragon processor, so I'll be reviewing this phone based on the latter (ease of use).THE BAD - LG's default Android wrapper (software, whatever you call it). While they don't prevent you from changing the settings and removing/turn off anything that you don't want to use in the device; it's certainly not a phone that I would give to my parents (or any other non tech savvy person) straight from the box.  Also, I think the notification pull down is hampered by the QSlide feature, but it's just another "feature" (button in the notification pull down) that needs to be turned off.THE GOOD - Battery life.  For right now (I've only had this device for about a week now), the battery life is pretty fantastic.  I've made it through 2 whole days without charging and that was with moderate YouTube viewing (5-10 videos), some web browsing, about 30-40 text messages, and checking social networks about 3-6 times a day.  At the end I think I had about 10-14% left. (FYI, I'm also using the Greenify app so that may have increased the battery life a little bit).But be warned, I drained the battery recently from 75% to less than 15% in about 1-2 hours while playing Plants vs. Zombies 2 (also the processor got fairly hot during this time).THE (possibly) FRUSTRATING - Double knock to open. I've seen many reviewers stating that the knock to open feature is spotty (works 1 out of 3 tries) and at first I would have agreed with them.  But I discovered that you have to really knock with authority (no light tapping) to open the device on the first try (works about 95% of the time for me now).SUMMARY - Look, if you enjoy technology and you're not afraid to change phone settings to your liking then this phone is fine for you.  But would I recommend it for someone like my in-laws who can barely take a picture on their phone?  No.  To me it has less to do with this phone and more to do with the software (Android).  Let's just say, I've had to be tech support for far more Android owners than iOS owners (even Windows phone confuses people, surprisingly).*** A quick background of myself - I'm using this device on T-Mobile (LTE) in a large metropolitan area.  My service has been great so far, but your experience may vary from mine.  Also, I'm going back to Android from a Windows Phone (HTC Radar with Windows Phone 7.5), and I have an iPod Touch with iOS 6.something so I think that I have a fairly decent understanding of each mobile operating system's strengths and weaknesses. So which operating system is better?  Depends on who you are but I'll give you a breakdown below if you feel like reading. ***Windows Phone (my personal favorite user interface) (Microsoft) - Good for people who just want a phone to be a phone.  Big buttons, solid operating system (rarely crashed for me), easy navigation, great battery life, amazing cameras (Nokia line), and great for social media (if you don't follow a million people, though Groups does ease that a bit).  It would be a perfect smartphone if it had A.) Better access to YouTube, B.) Better access to Google Calender, and C.) Less confusing initial setup / clearer instructions for functions (it took me almost 3 months to understand how to copy and paste a website URL for instance, LOL).  As far as the whole apps argument; expect to be excluded from the latest apps, but most of the major apps are available.Android (Google) - Good for tech savvy.  Look, if you need help operating an ordinary computer than just avoid Android.  Sure, the latest operating system looks, feels, and acts a lot like an iPhone. And yes, the fastest, biggest, and cheapest phones are all using Android, but tell that to my dad when he somehow accidentally erased his entire address book (and didn't even know that he could back up that data).  Also bloatware/crapware is a problem with some brands (looking at you Samsung).iOS/iPhone (Apple) - Good for the latest apps, and good for mom.  I don't think I have to explain this operating system, do I?  It's like the vanilla of smart phones. Also, if you are using Apple devices/services then you're probably better off sticking with an iPhone.

It's awesome!!!Except the speakers are of less good quality than I expected. Not loud enough for listeining to music or audiobooks and bad for listening to calls on speaker!

This is a nice phone, big screen 5.2 , good apps and runs smoothly and ATT version has pop up windows that gives u tips on how to use things . Only negative is the home button at the bottom always close u out when texting . Worth the $

great cellphone, great electrical conector (us from american conection), great answers and responsability, great time, it's easy great global mobile

beware, this phone is gorgeous, has great battery life, but may not work well with your carrier network. do your research!

The phone works as advertized. All the software features, that I am sure, a lot of people already talked about, work as promised and really enhance the experience. The back buttons require a little getting used to. In some situations they are advantaguous (i.e. when holding it in one hand) in others they aren't (Phone lies on the table). everything is fast and lag free. I accidentally ordered the wrong version of the phone. sending it back works fine. I instantly got the confirmation, that I can send it back and a label to print and put on the package. I have time until january to do that. My rating is based on a phone I got from another shop, that I bought right after discovering my mistake. They didn't have the 32 GB version here.  I got the phone for approximately one week now.

I can get the Xperia Z Ultra that also has Snapdragon 800 but with a bigger screen slimmer profile and water proof for less than with phone so i will consider it when the price goes down to replace my LG Optimus G Pro.

OK now, but wasn't advertised as the Intl version initially and came in chinese.Had to have my grandson set it to english.Battery life is great.

Got LG G2 this month. So far satisfied 100%.  Hardware is great. Android software/apps &#8211; don&#8217;t need to tell you. So far my favorite features on this phone are:  Double Gorilla Corning glass, dual camera that can focus on sound and can take pictures from front and back simultaneously. This camera rivals Cannon Pro-shot. And how about &#8220;tap the glass&#8221; feature to turn it on/off? How about wireless charging? You can also set an alarm with starting your app automatically right after the alarm. So when I wake up I know the weather outside before I open my eyes. How about colored LEDs on top &#8211;now you can set no sound, no vibrate, but LED colors to ID the calling person. I think there like 10 different colors.How about Voice Mate built in? This is the coolest &#8211; you can tell your phone &#8220;Hello Genie&#8221; and the phone will wake up and start answering your questions intelligently. You can say &#8220;What time is it?&#8221;, &#8220;What playing in the movies tonight?&#8221; &#8220;What&#8217;s on TV?&#8221;, &#8220;How the Bruins did last night?&#8221; &#8211; You&#8217;ll get accurate and meaningful voice responses every time.  This makes it true ANDROID. I even said once &#8220;I love you Genie&#8221; and I got again intelligent and funny answer.I also love that seems all my favorite apps are working much better. For example YouTube never chokes, InTune Radio never buffers, e-mail synchronizes within seconds. So far the phone never froze on me no matter how fast and how many apps are tapped.WiFi is better, Bluetooth is farther.

This one is too Good, i like because is more fast than anothers. Thank for This smartphone. Just i Ike it

Fast, light and excelente battery life, recomended for those who like play video games, email, and a pretty HD screen!!

Can not believe how easily this screen scratches. For such a beautiful display, it's a waste of technology in my opinion.

It's fast, good battery, great screen, good camera, very good IR remote control.We appreciate the fact that the LG G2 has FM Radio but we really miss the ability of the 3rd button of the headset to change stations and turn off the radio. It's not justified the fact to take it out of my pockets every time I want to change stations. Hopefully this will be improved in updates.I really like the three Front Touch Buttons on the screen 5.2 inches. However, this buttons greatly reduce the real screen size to 4.8 inches most of the apps. I suggest a new option to hide/show this buttons in order to maximize the screen usage. Hopefully this will be improved in updates.

Awesome phone, quick, good looking, reliable, with a bunch of cool shortcuts. I like it wery much, especialy the wireless data transfer to my comp.

Great cellphone rivals the s4

It is a great phone so far.  It is snappy and smooth.  Voice recognition has worked well.  I have not had it long enough to have any complaints.

I purchased this Unlocked phone expecting it to function with AT&T.; Just a fair warning for anyone expecting this to work with AT&T;, it won't. Phone calls will work, but you will not be able to use data.I spent approximately 6 hours talking to AT&T; in person and at the store. Escalated to the advanced support team who found that this phone is not capable of connecting to AT&T;'s data networks because it's Unlocked. Simply search the internet for AT&T;, no LTE, unlocked phone. You'll get thousands of results where folks buy an unlocked phone expecting it to work, but they don't.Again, if you're expecting to use this phone on AT&T;, look for an AT&T; phone instead.

Excelente phone, the only bad thing, is no android 4.4 kitkat yet.. Excelente battery life, display, RAM, speed and quality..

I experience lots of smart phones, the best one i found is LG g2. Specially the battery, it's amazing improvement

My number one gripe with smartphones is the lack of battery life.  I've returned dozens of phones that can't hack heavy use for 8 hours.  The G2 handles 8 hours plus a whole lot more!  I use my phone for work and can easily get 12-16 hours out of it.  It runs apps smoothly, is a breeze to use, and is very intuitive.  The knock on feature is cool too.

Photos, videos, speed, accessibility, guest mode, design, additional features, size, display, GOOD PRICE, all combine to make it just awesome.

product of excellent quality, super advanced super easy to handle .. really deserves more punctuation but only given five stars. Recommended for those looking for medium or large always cuandop technologies and can afford it ..

Is great phone , is very slim and  very fast.This phone have great battery , the camera is very easy and many functions like camera tradicional.

pros-large screenfaststrong battery lifelight weight and weight evenly distributedlarge memorygreat pricecons-bad softwarelg skin is boring and uninspiringnot waterproofbutton placement only for those with larger hands

phone really fast, the HD display is great, but the screen is not so good as my old galaxy s2, in 2 weeks the screen got some scratches

Absolutely amazing. I had my doubts about this device but it blew me out of the water in every way possible. The battery life is insane, the performance is insane, the camera is great, and although I am not fan of the touch wiz like UI, the snapdragon 800 sure puts it in place to make it as smooth as possible. My father has a Note 3 and it doesn't run half as smooth as this beast.

Phone is everything that is reported to be. Very happy with it. My only complaint and it's more of annoyance is the double tap on and off. Unless you tap the exact spot it doesn't turn on.

Far beyond the best phone to out compete the competition of Apple and Samsung in my opinion. looking for a fast reliable, long battery life phone with studio quality audio, then this will be the phone for you.

The phone found the new update and when I said to install it the phone booted into TWRP recovery. TWRP IS NOT the bootloader that come from the factory. And it's known problem that updates from the manufacturer may cause problem with the phone. That mean that someone already used it and installed TWRP.I spent over 5 hours trying to get this brick working again.

Wasnt sure what to expect buying an internation version. It is perfect. Had it for over a month and have no complaints. I recomend it.

It is a great phones with many modifications.I had an iPhone 4 and switched over and I have not regretted the decision. I do not like all Droids but this one is a good size also.

Others have given lengthy accolades for this phone, so I won't repeat what they've said except to agree with all the positives. I'm coming from the HTC One Maxx and the Note 2.  I thought the Maxx was about the best, but I had to return it because I couldn't "handle" it.  I kept dropping it or losing it because it was too big to fit in my pocket COMFORTABLY, (and I never like anything in my pockets anyway), and too bulky for a belt holster.  So I carried it in my hand - and broke two screens and lost it the third time.  I switched to the LG G2 and love it!PROS:* It's a good size and feels good in the hand.  I preferred the bigger HTC One Maxx screen for it's size, the front speakers, and Blinkfeed, but the LG G2 for everything else.* The power and volume buttons on the back.  This is AWESOME.  It's just the right place for them.  I wish all manufacturers would do this.  Brilliant!!* Since it doesn't have HTC Blinkfeed, I was able to use my go-to launcher - ADW Launcher EX.  The main thing there is it lets me make the icons bigger and remove the text under the icons, for a much bigger and cleaner look.  All with a button click.* Interface is great.  I love the fact that I can SEE the Back, Home, and Settings soft buttons at the bottom of the screen.  With the HTC, and a lot of phones, you can't see them.  And lots of other features that others have mentioned, really make a big difference in usability.* It allows for INDUCTIVE CHARGING!  No plugging anything in; just sit the phone on the charging "plate".  Very convenient.  The HTC One MAxx didn't allow for this.CONS:*  I'd prefer the speakers facing front, but that would mean a smaller screen or a bigger phone, so I'm actually OK with it.  It's loud enough, for sure.  Plenty loud.

this phone is amazing, works very good and screen is giant, almost as a tablet, the back buttons are where must be in all phones.Great Phone!

Now after reading a lot reviews i get to make my own, Yes it is Unlock!! this is going 6-8 weeks i had the phone and it is working really well super fast, it is all you ask for in a smart phone, i hear ppl talking about the battery but it is just like any other battery out there the only down side is you can not take it out until your ready to get a new one, that may be in a year are two, the 1st time you turn on the phone the battery will last really really long, also this phone charge super fast

Best phone I've had.  Was Iphone 3, 4, and 4S user.  Switched to Samsung S3.  None of them come even close to the speed and the battery life that the LG G2 offers.  This is the first time I feel that I can keep the same phone for the next 3-5 years!

Marvelous phone and the screen is big enough to read and even I can do some texting on it....easy to use and I am generally hostile to the cell phones....let the buyer be ware though.....get a good case to keep it in.  I had mine only a month and had in my pants pocket and when I took it out the screen was cracked and the phone would not work of course. I carried my previous phone in my pockets for years and had no trouble with that so this really surprised me.  I had to replace it and the deductible is not cheap on this model.  I am going to try that shatter cover even though it isn't cheap but it is cheaper than replacing the phone.

Had some issues in the first place but they quickly resolved them for me. Great customer service! I definitely recommend!

Love it !! I have a Nexus 4 too and i love nexus devices, but i have to say that this phone is one of the best phones i've ever used

I love this phone so much, the only thing I dont like is that because I ordered an international phone, it seems to not accept picture messages here in america.

A beastly smartphone that is LG's answer to the Samsung Galaxy S4 and HTC One. It's a massive smartphone brimming with specs that makes the most discerning geeks drool.

The phone is very good but did not come with the accessories you said in the description, did not bring the screen protector and not brought either case, the rest all well

If you have some cool $500.00 or more to waste, then go for this, particularly from this seller - On The Go Solutions. Barely six months after I ordered, phone is no more functioning. Currently the phone has become  a "toy" in my hands. I have tried other service providers' sim cards. But the problem is the same, even though phone is supposed to be factory unlocked & International version. Also, at periods when the network was functioning, the internet would not be working well even when the necessary setting has been done. After several contacts with LG, I was told phone was made in Taiwan - but there was "made in Korea on the box that contained the phone - and so LG Taiwan should help me solve the problem. Yet problem could not solve. What is worse, the seller appears indifferent when contacted. After contacting him through Amazon, he never replied to my message nor suggested any solution to my problem.

This is definitely a great phone. Since it's unlocked, it makes my life much easier. I really like the size and the battery life is impressive. I don't have any major complaints.
