
Decided it was too big in size

I would recommend this product to anyone. It is worth the money. Make sure you know that there is a newer one out.

Great phone nice and huge camera could be better but for the price its decent, I bought my husband one as well

I just activated my phone today. I had no difficulties with the phone so far. The camera works very well and the video is amazing. I put a straight talk T-Mobile sim card it and I had trouble activating it. The only down side was on straight talk part. I paid $130 for a three month unlimited subscription. Well, when I did it online it didn`t go through the first time when I paid. But I called Straight Talk and they activated my sim card for me, but they also said that the $130 three month plan did not go through on the internet. So the guy had me purchase another three month plan. When I checked my bank account I noticed my account had been charged twice. But they said the money will be back on tomorrow. So overall it was a great purchase and have no bad remarks so far. I do recommend checking your local cell phone providers to make sure which one has the best service in your area. I didn`t do that and now I have bad service through T-Mobile. But it does have two sim card slots, so I`ll just purchase a Straight Talk At&t sim card. Great phone I recommend buying this phone, TO ANYONE!!!

I LOVE this phone!!!! I will never buy a big brand name phone again...why pay $$$$$ so much, when you can buy a Blu less $$? I've had the Samsung galaxy note, the Nokia 900 window phone and that's just to name a few. I'M done paying for a name brand! The only brand I'll ever own is Blu!!! TRULY SWEET PHONE FOR THE $$. This phone has some really cool features, that even the big guys don't have. I love you Blu......keep them coming. Forever A LOYAL BLU FAN!!!

Good Service and on time delivery of this product the performance is fare all tough is a medium range device, good for a kid or a person that does have a heavy use on the device.

I can not say enough good things about this phone. I use it on Straight Talk and have had such an amazing experience. It is honestly the best phone I have ever used and I have had a lot of phones. The camera is a tad bit lacking but it is perfect for what I need it for. Do yourself a favor and BUY THIS!

I bought this phone a month ago j have no problem came with everything they say it would and its working real good. Am loving it

Wife loves the phone. It is big enough for her to read her ebooks on and watch videos too! Thanks thinking about getting one too

i just got this  phone a few days ago and i have to say this phone is a piece of crap and the blue tooth on this phone keeps cutting on and off by its self cant get 3g or 4g  and i didn't know the seller sold me the D610I which is the international phone and i would  want to give this 0 stars and my sounds keep  going out also it charges funny and it slow as heck and no notifications lightsDO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!

My first smartphone, so can't compare to others.  amazed by the simplicity of the functions.  Only negative is that it is just a tad large to stick in my pocket.

i dont know what everyone is talking about saying that they cant download more than 10 apps.I've downloaded at least 35 apps on this phone WITHOUT the memory card inserted....they all work and have never received an error message.  I even downloaded all of my texts, photos and videos from my S3 without a hitch.this phone is even compatable with my car...2013 Honda Accord EX-L...all functions work properly without having to use the AUX connection.the only 2 complaints that i have is that I couldn't transfer my SCalendar schedule from my S3 to the Studio 5.5 nor can i block numbers individually.also, i want to mention, that I purchased this phone in both pink and yellow (had to see the colors face to face) and i will note that the yellow version...i dont know why...just doesnt function quite the same...however, once i finish playing with that one, i'll either return it due to not being happy with the functionality of it...just happens that i started with the pink one first and now all of my info has been uploaded to the pink phone....i'll get back to y'all in a week or so with the review on the yellow phone (maybe its just me lol)

wonderful ,very nice .

Let me just say for the price you will not find a better phone.  The phone is remarkable for its value, you get so much for the price AND its 4G.  I just cant wait til BLU gets on the LTE bandwagon, once they do they will be a major player in the market.

Pros:- Good price- Nice design- Feels nice when you hold it- Unlocked phone. Use it with whatever carrier you want.- Comes with Android 4.2 jellybean- 1GB of RAM, 4GB storage built in, expandable to 32GB with microSD- Quad core 1.2Ghz processorCons:- No 4G. 3G only.- Screen is the same resolution as the smaller 4 inch screen phones (480x854). At 5 inches, the pixels show and smaller text is hard to read.- Screen has color warping and color inversion if you view it from any angle greater than about 20 degrees above/below the center while in portrait mode. For normal use in portrait mode, you probably won't notice. However, if you use your phone in landscape mode (like games), it becomes much more noticeable.- Camera is so-so. Colors are good, but pictures are often washed out with low contrast. The pictures also have a lot of artifacts. I'm not sure if it's because the phone saves the pictures as low quality jpeg, or if it's the camera.- The version of Android installed is just the generic build of Android. The default OS has none of the bling some of the other phones have. Yes, you can install all the Android mods you want to make it awesome, but don't expect it to look great out of the box.Bottom line: if you're looking for a solid phone at a good price, the Blu Studio 5.5 will be tough to beat. However, if any of the above &#34;cons&#34; concern you, you'd be better off spending a little more to get what you want.

This phone is great! I love this phone it does everything it definitely exceeded my expectations! I don't see difference from this phone and the note, really its worth the $$$ and then some. I have had it for over a month now and still loving it!!!

Nice design and the advantage of this is that you can have multiple chips to use with the phone, so you can use a prepaid or post paid number with it.

The phone stopped working after 50 days.I supsect it is a software issue because it shows the first &#34;BLUE&#34; screen, and then it just stays there for forever...I do not recommend this item.

First time you open the box, this phone will make you say WOW! You turn it on and screen will make you fall in love with it. Then the reality will sink in when you start using it daily. First, very little percentage of the 4GB internal memory is available for app installs. How small, mine ran out after 10 applications. Then You switch to external memory install, even though you select external memory as new install location phone still try to install them in to internal and gave you a not enough memory error. Install, move to external manually, so on. Second, even though comes with Android 4.2 but the settings menu is completely different and less functional. Third, if you open more than two apps and go back to home you have to wait 10 to 15 second for your screen to repopulate. Fourth, Bluetooth can not establish a continuous connection. It will cut of every 10 minutes or so. Fifth, Failed Skype video call, 15 minutes into video call phone freeze than reboot itself. Sixth, Even though my first impression about screen was good but when you go online you notice the pixelation and screen is plastic.Conclusion:What is good, cheap big screen good battery lifeWhat is bad, Everything else.

Not a power user but I will definitely get a ton of use out of the email capabilities might even be able to endure the gym since the screen is so huge....bigger than expected....want duel sim capability for a trip to Europe. The blue represented is much brighter than the blue that arrived but I can live with that.  Will update as I experience some use.12-21-2013I have almost no complaints.  battery life is good - size is so large I can almost do without my Surface - I now text with ease - it is really too big to use easily with one hand as I used to with my Motorola atrix - wifi has been excellent - the only gripe is the speaker quality when hands free but if I'm in the car it is Bluetooth hands free.Travelling to Hong Kong and Germany so I am hoping the 2nd sim option works well.  In any case, changed my rating to 5 stars.

I absolutely love this phone, everything I thought plus more. Forget the outrageous price of the Samsung. You will not be sorry if you purchase this phone.

This is a very nice smartphone for the price, very fast internet access and downloads. so far so good. Only problem so far is importing my contacts but i think that is the carriers problem. Another problem i just encountered,is supposed to be able to use a micro sd card up to 64gb, but it goes haywire with it.  had to go to a 32 gb.  they said they changed the description but still says up to 64 micro sd card. So if you want to do 64gb you cannot.

Loving this phone, loving the 5.5&#34; size. So easy to manipulate and to see. Still trying to figure out the dual sim card system and have not taken any photos, but I don't really care about the camera. The best thing about this phone is the price. Purchased unlocked and slipped in my TMobile SIM. Works like a charm. Not many choices in accessories though, but have noticed some new options here and there. For the price, I recommend this Big Blu 5.5 all day long.

I love the phone so much I bought a second one for my wife. AT&T no contract service, the AT&T sales people did not want to help set the phone up since they did not sell it. Just install sim #1 in and it came alive

I have been an Apple user for many years, but grew increasingly unhappy with the screen size of the Iphone. Some Samsung products look interesting, but all require a 2-year contract or the non-contract pricing is absurd. This Blu phone seems like a solid alternative so far. I like the dual SIM card feature. Am using StraightTalk from Walmart. The listed screen resolution was a momentary cause for concern before buying, but as others have stated, how much resolution is truly needed for a 5.5&#34; screen? Now that I have the phone, the screen looks fine. Bought a 32gb memory card on sale and it's wonderful to have so much space (coming from an 8gb Iphone)!! At this price point, I feel less stress about this phone - if it's lost, stolen, or dropped, it's not such a heartache than if I had paid many hundreds for a no-contract Samsung.

This is a great phone I was searching for a good looking and not expensive phone and this has reached all my expectations,  I have a month with the phone and I haven't have any problem at all,  only finding a good case because is a big as phone.. Fully recomended

ha I bought a Blu studio phone 5.5 and the phone battery went out after a few days of receiving the phone the battery wouldn't hold no charge and they sent me a new one and the screen is flickering

The phone started out working great until a few days ago the screen began to flicker and it's really annoying, now I have to mail it in and wait two weeks to get it back.

Almost identical to Samsung Galaxy Note in size, big beautiful screen, extra large fonts, easy to navigate, and setupThis phone IS 4GThis phone picks up wi-fiThis phone works with Consumer Cellular AARPIt has 2 places for the regular SIM chip (no, you don't need a nano-SIM chip)I had iphone 4s and it was tiny compared to this giant mammoth touchscreen!!!So as a 1st-time android user, i had this running in 1 day (same day arrived in mail) with a new carrier, new phone and new square trade 1-year accident protection plan for $29.99This phone comes with a 1-yr manufacturer warranty, screen protector, earphones, manual, american charger & international plug adapter for charging.My phone bill will now include 15,000 texts, 1Gig Data and 1,000 minutes - all for about $30My husband is buy a BLU phone next, this TOP10Cellular Seller was also extra nice. When he joins our bill will be under $60.That is less than half what we paid at Verizon.I emailed this Seller from amazon.com (right after placing an order with 3-5 day super saver FREE shipping).I asked them to please expedite, and had it in less than a day and a half. They were very reliable and friendly.I called and emailed - they wrote back each time! Wow.Another thing, I originally tried to order this phone on new egg.com thinking to save $ and it was a terrible headache.Something went very wrong with the website order pages, the order got held up for a week!! and they still hadn't shipped it when I cancelled!!amazon has been 100% reliable. Don't worry - at least you will have a good site and seller to rely upon.

I love this it is so nice and beautiful it is wide though it took three days to get here it was very good buy it

I bought this item for a friend, I'm jealous now, think I need to get one for myself. Of course the screen size is huge and so is the battery, but videos are amazing and I enjoy watching my photos; who needs a computer.

This phone is simply amazing.had  a bad experience with some phones but I love the blu studio so slim and attractive internet is fast and storage is superb.

The screen kept flickering but apart from that it was alright I would recommend if I was living in the united states

At first I was skeptical of this product i'll admit. I had never heard of BLU or about their phones. But for the last few hours I have been using this phone I am very impressed. The screen is bright and beautiful and the sound qaulity is awesome. It starts up in under 10 seconds and the phone is very sexy in black. I cannot believe I was skeptical of this. Coming from a dual core Motorola the difference of the quad core was outstanding with very snappy performance on the quad core. If your in need of a phone that costs under $200 prepaid, GET THIS!

Nice phone really like it and I would recommend anyone to buy it....good price also and love the color...only at Amazon!!!

Super big screen, acceptable camera, good speed, I think a good team ...was what I wanted,and the experience is very nice

Very good quality build. VOLUME is GREAT. SPEAKERPHONE is GREAT.  Works very well on 3G HSPA mode. I get up to 18 mbps in my area so who needs 4G ?  A great Android phone for 1/3 the price of most of the big names.

I have had my phone for 2 weeks and its great. I gave the phone a 4 star rating because as everyone else as stated, the camera on the phone is to be desired. Other than that, I think the phone is worth the cost. I look forward to purchasing other Blu phone products in the feature.

My husband likes his phone really well he is very happy with it Once he figures out how to use it

I chose this because I'm unable to send and receive picture messages. Other than that the phone is great !

This is the best phone I've ever used, especially for tired old eyes like mine, but it's also the fastest, clocking 4+ Mbps in our rural area- which is a lot better than my wife's 4g phone! Even my daughter, who loves her Note 3, says my Blue 5.5 is a contender!For comfortable magnification (for older eyes), try Big Font (by Sam Lu) at 130%. Go to Settings, Display- and also Settings, Accessibility- and set the biggest font size available (this varies, depending upon your OS). Finally, depending on your browser, try 110% to 120% scaling or zoom in your browser settings.

Headphones died in the first week. Doesn't use regular ones, I have to but and $10 adapter for them to work.Total rip off!

I love this brand. It is cool even though I have never heard it before.Maybe I should check a manual of whether it has maintenance or not

The battery of this phone is soo weak that I have to charge it every 10minit. I can not hold on to a complete conversation for more than 15 to 20minit.. I am soo mad with this problem.

Buy it for my man in Jamaica n he falling in love with it so that y I rate it that much

I received this phone very quick , my SIM card started working right away,all I had to do was put the apn settings data , worked beautifully . camera is pretty good I was hesitant in ordering this phone, but I have no regrets . Everything works on this phone . And I also I love the size , blu comes with a screen protecter and a protective case . What I did notice the bluetooth keeps knocking off , lets see how it goesUpdate : ive had this phone for  3 days , and I already shipped it back for a refund . Im very disappointed , because I really liked this phone I  started experiancing ploblems with bluetooth connectivity ,  it kepted knocking me off , while talking on the phone ,  i tried resetting it to factory , still had the ploblem with staying connected . It became a ploblem for me . I wasnt feeling that at all ,also the company states it runs on 4g , no it dosnt !i have a gd prepaid carrier that runs on AT&T; network 4g lte , with this phone it runs on 3g H plus .

I had purchased this phone because it seemed overall a good phone for the price. It seemed like a pleasant little phone in the picture, and I read the reviews. However...I did not know how HUGE this phone was. From the pictures, I thought it was roughly the size of an Iphone 5. NOT THE CASE. THIS PHONE IS LARGER THAN THE GALAXY S5. I have to leave the phone behind when I go for a run, because it is too bulky (which I feel uncomfortable about). I have trouble holding on to it. It almost fits into my back pocket...almost. I guess it would make a good weapon, as I bent down to pick up something yesterday and it fell out of my handbag in the process...to only graze my head.If you are ok with the size, it really is a decent phone for the price. It comes with a screen protector, a back snap-on case, and a stylus. Which is awesome. I have heard others talk about the screen quality--it is true that it may not be as good as other phones out there, but it gets the job done. If I were to do it over again...I probably would have checked out other phones.

this is prob. the best phone I've ever owned. This phone is like one third the cost of others in its class. Great large screen that is nice and clear, processor is fast, rear camera is ok, front camera is poor, but this is a phone not a camera. From what I have read, it out performs the similar phones. It is a rather large phone, but you get used to it on your belt. I live in a rural area (piney woods) and have yet to drop a call, other brands I've owned have performed poorly compared to the BLU 5.5. In my area, east Texas, this phone paired with net 10 pre paid cards works very well! Look folks, for the price, and the performance, you cant go wrong. Get one or two, their great phones. We bought two.

The phone is fast! You can use the the key board with ease and it is calibrated well. It is easy to use and understand. It has a large memory and the battery lasts pretty long concidering it has a dual processor.

Excellent product. My doughter likes it

First of all I do not know what carriers or whatever this has. This device REPLACED my iPod 4G (which is really one of the worst products ever made, such cheap materials) but this Blu 5.5 is awesome! Compared to my old iPod it's 4x faster. (Literally, it has 4x the ram and 2x the cores.) The front camera is basically non-existant, it's just ok, but the back camera actually takes higher quality pictures than the screen can even show, same with video. Screen is awesome, people say pixel density is low, but honestly how much can your eye even see once it gets into the hundreds? The Blue colored one is SWEET. You WILL want to buy probably a TPU case which is about $7 more seperate but worth it. Comes with screen protector which works if you do the rubbing alcohol thing, all in all, this is perfect. I love it. HUUUUUGE display, my friend got a LG Optimus E970 which is what I was thinking about, and mine performs just as well as his. Buy this.

pro:Phone looks goodBattery life is goodWIFi is fastCons:Slow to access phone bookBluetooth connects to my car fine, but my older HTC would display names and call history on vehicle information displayTerrible viewing anglesoverall save another $50.00 and get a better device.

phone came as promised, however, the phone does not work...

I LOVE THIS PHONE I DNT HAVE ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT...IT WAS HARD TO FIND A CASE FOR IT THAT WILL COVER THE WHOLE PHONE BUT I FOUND ONE.BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE

It's a great phone at a wonderful price it so like a Samsung phone just at a affordable price n I love it

Excellent item !!!! Super fast shipping.  Phone works great on straight talk with an AT&T sim card. Comparable to a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 for a third of the price. Highly recommend this dual sim unlocked phone to anyone who wants a bargain on a high quality android phone.

I like it! Its big, and works well. Just wish it had 4g. My Att  and straight talk work great.

awesome phone for the money.  extra large screen.  very fast...I am not a big gamer ..just basic internet stuff...works awesome.

exactly as describe both sims cards works wonderful, internet speed is great, phone moves fast, no Samsung note, but great product for the money, I would a next one.

This is a big phone, but that is what I wanted.  Before I had a Moto G, but couldn't see the screen clearly.  This one is big enough that I don't carry my Nexus 7 tablet hardly any more.  I don't mind the phone size since I usually carry it in my front shirt pocket anyway.The screen is clear and bright.  Having a microSD slot is a great feature.  I use a 32 gb and have lots of music and apps on it.  It comes with Android 4.2.1, but is supposed to have an OTA up to KitKat on May 1 from Blu.  We'll just have to wait and see about that.

Rating is 0 stars.  Was sent wrong version of phone, not the advertised version; it was in compatible with my Carrier's frequencies and would only do 2g.  Replacement phone, although marked 4g is only HSDPA+, which is not 4g.  Mfg. Says claiming HSDPA+ is 4g is acceptable in the industry, to explain away why their amazon ad lists the phone as 3g but calling their office, their reps claim 4g., and they changed their packaging of the phone to read 4g instead of 3g apparently without making any increase in speed of the phone.  Consistently on hold for 40 plus minutes when calling Blu tech support while an irritating hold message played incessantly with only a 2 second pause.  Got emails from Blu that completely ignored questions I sent to them.  Blu could not tell me why there is a different keypad for dialing than the one that appears when you're in-call, and only told me that this phone is incapable of reflowing text properly when using pinch and zoom apparently after they googled this answer.  Unless on WiFi the phone defaults to showing non HD video and still take s 1.5 minutes or more to load a video at this poor quality.  I initially was able to download picture s from text but that has completely stopped working.  I felt the 5.5 screen was too large for comfortable one hand use but when I called Blu about buying the 5.3, which was just recently introduced, I was told they won't be making any updates for it.  I'm pretty certain they told me that none of their phones is faster than HSDPA+.

It's a great phone and easy to use. Also, it's Straight Talk compatible with a SIMS card.

the best ever the phone well the feature of the phone is just unbelieveable. It can download any app that you want, and the phone takes very good pictures, even with out the flash.

So far so good,works great with straight talk .good phone for the amount that I paid for it .i love it

Love the phone. The front camera doesnt show well when skyping or on ooovo. If the front camera was on point then it would be the galaxy 3

this is the best andriod i have owned, it functions better than the galaxy, it has built in functions to speed the processor long battery life, the screen is far larger for anyone who reads or has big hand this is the phone you need. i tried the brand not expecting it to work but to my surprise this company performs. i use it with straightalk from walmart for my service

This phone case is really nice...  it came sooner than it was supposed to, the color was what I expected, the case itself was actually better than I expected it to be.. My sister feel in love with it so nite I'm going to order more of them for my other relatives.

I purchased this phone to use with straighttalk since they have 4g where I live now. I wanted a reasonably priced phone that was capable of most things.The screen is quite large and looks good, the sensor for auto-brightness adjusting is very sensitive and responsive. It seems to hold a charge for a decent amount of time and so far everything I have installed seems to be running smoothly and loading quickly. The front camera could be better, I didn't expect much so I'm by no means disappointed in it. Calls sound good. It's a really good phone for the price, a capable smartphone that isn't 400 bux. I've had it for a few days and so far I love it. The gps works well for zombie running and didn't drain the battery as much as I would have thought. It is also capable of picking up wifi from a pretty good distance, this is the only device I have that works in my kitchen (farthest room from my router). The phone came with a bumper case, charger and a screen protector. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is b/c it takes longer to charge fully than I would like and b/c there is no dedicated camera button on the body of the phone (but you can swipe to it from the lock screen really quickly)---Update 06/01/2014---I've had this phone for a while now and the bumper has come in handy more than I would have thought, I've dropped this phone more than I should have and thanks to the bumper case it is still intact. Also the phone seems to take a beating pretty well, as I said above this phone has been dropped multiple times including once into a puddle face down (I grabbed it immediately and removed the battery and let it hang out in a baggie of uncooked rice and it's still working as well as when I got it.)The video wallpaper option runs the 720p video I chose very smoothly.I use it at work to listen to music through headphones for about 8 hrs a day. If I don't make a lot of calls it will keep a charge for a full day, sometimes two.

the size is amazing its huge. it works well with straight talk and other carriers. the price is amazing you can't beat that at all

Nice phone!! Has everything you need... Only thing that stops it from being 5 star is it doesn't support adobe and it has a 5mp back camera and a 2mp front camera

From so far I like the phone but I can't seem to get my internet to work at all.My carrier is T-mobile

I purchased this after looking at about 30 different phones. i have only had it a week but sofar it has exceeded my needs. the dual card was the main need with an unlocked phone.

Thank you , thank you, love it and haven't had any problems out of it. Again thanks so much I love it.

Great phone awesome pictures this phone was better than expected. In my opinion its better than the brand name phones.

Incredibly happy with the product and service!  The phone is fast and very responsive.  Feels good to the hand and video's come up almost immediately. No more lag time!

This is a pret good phone it all mose like a ss phone

I do recommend

This phone is big, easy to use and really just great all around. Made a great decision in buying this phone.

Bought this phone from BREED and there we some complications as with all used products. But the customer service rep Josh that I dealt with made the experience seamless and provided me with a new phone that works great and exceeds expectations. Both sims work on any network. If you are a globe trotter and don't want to be locked into a contract this is the way to go.

I really this phone but the pic messages wouldn't go through other wise I wouldn't have sent the phone back.

Phone is excellent but blue tooth is turning off for some reason maybe down the road will BLU fix that problem other wise phone is really nice

Great phone for the money real glad I chose this phone better than paying hundreds of dollars for the galaxy

The screen isn't Amoled which means you see where you press. Size is good, weird OS, and damaged my SD Cards. BUT IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A CHEAP UNLOCKED PHONE WITH BIG DISPLAY THIS IS IT!

I love this phone and even plan to get one for my Mother because when I received it in the mail she asked, &#34;where's mine?&#34;

Phone has some reliability issues. But all in all very good phone. Perfect for gaming (screen is huge), but speaker quality and limited memory space need to be improved.

I bought this phone because I've always wanted a big phone everything on the phone works good only con is the front camera sucks but I love the phone. Only withdrawal they sold me a defective one so my phones charger port does not work I have to charge my battery on a battery charger. But I love the phone still it's good for the price so I'm ordering another one.

phone is very good and has alot of features for the price.  so far i am enjoying it without problems,

This is the best phone I've ever had and I have had LOT! Not the cheap ones .I have always bought high end so I've spent a few dollars on phones. The Blu Studio 5.5 just can't be beat! The price is cheap but not the phone!

The delivery was fast. The product is good. Definitely fulfills the features of smartphone. The down side is that the internal storage is low, also the battery life is very short. Camera is not very impressive, but overall has a very sleek look, good resolution, and good processor. I don't know now well will it support external memory card, but for 4GB it's doing very well.

Phone is awesome screen size perfectly does everything top of the line just wish a had a case  for it if anybody knows where to find a case write a review

this is the worst phone i have ever had.just after 1 month the problems started already.the screen shaky and the phone becoming very slow

The BLU Studio 5.5 D610A supports:4G Network = HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, EDGE, GPRS3G Network = HSDPA 850 / 1900 Mhz2G Network = GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHzThe resolution isn't HD quality but it's large screen is easy on the eyes for menial productivity chores and it's 1GB of RAM & a quad-core processor surely livens things up.I also enjoy it's vanilla version of Android being devoid of cumbersome oem bloatwares.I only wish I could find a good case like an Otterbox clone available. For now, I'll have to suffice with an eBay provided holster pouch-case.I'm so impressed, I just ordered myself a BLU Life Play X L102A device.

Can not get on internet is the only problem can any one assist thank you.

I purchased this phone on 2/13. Exactly 60 days after received the on/off button either didn't work or the phone just wouldn't turn on. Since it was under warranty I contacted the supplier. It is now 7/16 and I still do not have the phone. The whole process to return is ridiculous. Numerous emails and phone result in no response. They advised me on 7/3 that the replacement had shipped but after 5 days there was no tracking info nor phone. They then told me they had 2 different addresses and didn't know which to use. How they got a 2nd address is beyond me since I only gave them one.The phone performed well enough to my standards when it worked, but this whole warranty process stinks.DO NOT BUY.

THE PHONE WORKS GREAT WAS DELIVERED QUICKLY AND I WAS MOST IMPRESSED WITH THE BATTERY LIFE. I'VE HAD IT FOR JUST A MONTH SO I DON'T KNOW IF THERE IS ANYTHING THAT CAN COME UP YET THAT'S WHY NO 5 STAR.

Cell phone is great but when you turn off and turn on it always reset itself so device wasn't functioning properly but great phone reordered in white and screen went white so I have pink on its way

Considering the price for the functions, I like this phone a lot.  The 5.5 in screen is surprising large, which is a good thing for me since I really don't like reading text from a small screen.  The instruction manual lacks crucial information such as how to power up the device and the illustrations of the features on the phone such as buttons, speakers, microphones, and cameras.  For users who previously use smart phones, this is not a problem, but first-time smart phone users may have difficulty figuring things out without some help.  Fortunately, I am able to find some informative videos on youtube to help me figure out how to work with this phone.

I'm using the BLU Studio 5.5. now since several week and I really love it! I used to have Black Berry or Samsung smartphones but I don't miss them. With a extra 16GB SD card I have enough space to store my data and the big display is awesome! I would buy at this seller again.

I had the studio 5.3 and absolutely loved it until the screen broke. I was going to get another one until i saw this phone so ibdecided to give it a try. So far i really like the phone its fast, screen is nice and bright, and it has android 4.2. The only thing that bothers me is that when i play videos such as youtube videos or other vids like on fb the resolution is horrible. Idk if anybody else is having this problem but thats is whats happening on my phone. Its a good phone but at the same time i think i am going to get my studio 5.3 screen replaced because the hd resolution on that phone is great. But i love the 5.5 also and this phone also has a small selection of accessories to chose from because i bought a case with a kickstand.

I absoultly love my phone couldn't ask for a better one. all around beest smart phone I have had in years

Impress with this phone I order two one for me and one for my friend so far no problem great phone.all so order a next one for some one els. The shipping was fast.I would recommended this phone to every one.

May 5, 2014.  Okay, just wanted to update my latest success with this phone.  The phone is Awesome!  It runs everything thrown at it and I've not yet found any app on Google that says incompatiable.  I'm thrilled to report that Google Chromecast works flawless on this.  I don't know why anybody would want any other phone.  If you are in the 50 and older crowd, you will appreciate the clear bright and LARGE screen.  It's the ideal size for accomplishing almost anything and this is the phone you can actually see well enough to do some web browsing, emailing and more.  I have not hat one single glitch on both my wifes and my own phone.  Buy it!April 14th 2014 Update, bought a 2nd one.  This is for my wife and is using an AT@T unlimited reseller plan.  She's got unlimited talk, text and 1/2 gig of web.  My facebook crazy wife never uses more than about 400mb per month so she's good on the unlimited AT@T plan.  We're paying $27.00 per month ...  beats all deals!Phones, have been dropped, rained on,  and once accidentially left on my dash and was hotter than you could hold from the heat of the sun. Was sure the phone would have fried or at least been non-operational from the 140+ degrees heat from that sun on the dash.. Phone worked flawless.  Must have a monster heat sink desgin on the cpu or it's just a well balanced phone!  Again, get it, you won't regret it!  Also.... a comment about videos being pixelated from youtube.  That's not likely an issue with the phone.  Bandwitch limits might pixelate the stream, the phone is solid.UPDATE:  See original review below:This just keeps getting better for me.  FYI,  framaroot 1.9.1 will gain root for this device on the first try.  My blu studio 5.5 is running like a champ and with root access I can run an amazing number of vital apps like Android Lost, and others, that let you track your phone when lost or even zero out the data if lost for good.  Root access is amazing in what your android can do!Folks,  I've seen mostly positive reviews and a few critical reviews on this phone.  I am not sure where the critical reviews come from.  I consider this a near flawless implementation of a huge 5.5" clear bright screen.  If you are a ordinary cell user like myself,  you will not find any limits in this phones capacity.  Maybe it performs slightly slower per some other tests that were run but unless you are in some kind of highly intense application that is not typical for a phone, you will not notice any speed issues.  I see none in my ordinary use for texting, google voice, email, phone calls, etc.  This phone is awesome!  It is the best deal and the best phone I've ever ordered.  We have it connected to Tmobile using a third party carrier and I get full web and data access for $10.00 per 2 months on a pay as you go plan.  On the Tmobile third party carrier I use,  $10.00 buys me 200 anytime minutes or 599 Texts or 100 MBytes of data, and you have up to 2 months to use the $10.00.  You can auto recharge ever time the $10.00 is used up.  My cost is averaging about $5.00 per month allowing this phone's WIFI to take over for free calls and data when wifi is near.  This is an incredible smart phone and can be used in an incredibly inexpensive way.  To get the free WIFI calls, you'll need to install Google Voice from Play.google and of course set up a Google Voice phone number.  Configure the settings in Google Voice then turn off your DATA from your carrier to test the app to use WIFI only to place and receive calls.  These calls on WIFI are off your minute plan.  They are free on WIFI.  Same with Google Text.  This is how I get my service for about $5.00 per month on a SmartPhone.Additional info contained in comments for this reviewAlso, I should mention that you may have to manually add your APN after inserting your SIM card.  The SIM card will give you voice and text, but data may not work until you select your carrier in the setup menu.  In my case, I had to enter the APN info for my Tmobile reseller.Update:  You may want to get this case from AMAZON while you order.  It's a really nice protective case.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HVV9I9K/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0

Its an excellent phone and compares better that other brand names. The 5.0 meg camera is the downfall. It should have been 8 meg. Other than that love the size.

Amazing  product in this era of high end expensive phones, particularly like the big screen,twin sims and sd expandability.The screen resolution not the greatest but definitely usable at that price.Quad core processor and 1gb memory  means its no slouch either.Love the rubber/metallic feel as well as the ability to change battery if required.Sadly would have loved mine better in red rather than pink.Good phone for most users, grand parents, kids , chunky fingers and those of us who actually want to use it to read web/books etc.

Head over heels for this phone. Great Price, great phone, and can use it with any phone provider.Who needs a $700 phone when they could but this?

Works great. Im loving the size and the great feedback from the touch. The price for the size is fabulous

I got my phone today and have been exploring with it since I got it . I LOVE THIS PHONE . It has a crisp clear screen and sharp audio . For someone who is audio oriented like me , that is a must . It was a breeze to set up as well . I simply put my AT&T go phone sim card in and it picked up the AT&T settings . The phone itself is awesome running android 4.2 . When I set up the phone it recieved an OTA update from the manufacturer which was a nice change from the norm with AT&T rarely updating android OS . The shipping on the other hand was less than awesome . Fedex smartpost quite simply is HORRIBLE. They delayed the ship date 2 times while in transit so rather than getting it on the 9th , I finally got it on the 13th . My advice is that for the price there is absolutely no better phone out there than this one on Android . But stay away from fed ex if it is at all possible . Use anything BUT fedex.

I got my new Blue 5.5s and love it so far except for one problem. I cannot figure he to install the Micro SD vcard into the slot.  There is a hump with two black screws blocking it.  Do they need to come out first.I had to return to TMobile and exchange my micro Sims for the larger one to make the phone work on the network.  Placing the micro Sims in slot two would not work.  Also the phone won't do WIFI calling.The phone is great other than the SD installation.

I bought this phone refurbished under the assumption that there were no problem with it. . All three buttons on the bottom ofthe phone ddoesn't light up. My back light was flickering and went out in two days after I received it. . So basically I was lied to. .

This is a Very nice phone! The screen is bright and clear. Very thin and lightweight. More that what I expected! Would order again. T-Mobile sim fit perfect and worked as soon as I put it in! Running a Straight Talk BYOP Sim and works perfect as a Second Sim for AT&T. Wishing there were some accessories.

i just love it it just beautiful just look at it its big nice flashy and awesome to play game on and also it gets my work done am just loving it

Phone is a great fit for me, have used it every day and has not had any problems. This is the only phone I use. It has been very reliable. The large screen is great for my large fingers. Very fast compared to my last phone. All the apps I needed were available.Only been using a few weeks, but would recommend it highly.

Let's see where to start.I bought this phone on Feb 3rd, and got it Feb 5th. When I opened the box, I was so happy at the size of the screen and the fact the phone was light. I had read the specs from BLU, so I already went and purchased a 64 mem card for it. The first thing I tried was the camera, as it was only 5MP/16M I knew it wouldn't be the best, but surprisingly my photo wasn't as badly pixelated as I thought it would be...but it still doesn't do as great as the Samsung cameras. I then synced over my apps, and that's where I fell in love. It did it flawlessly, & I still had space for my music and videos. Works great with my PTel sim card, and my calls are clear. Been playing with it since yesterday, and just now getting to 70%. A major plus compared to Samsung battery life. I like the Samsung Mega, and this phone is exceptionally close to that. I must admit, I was a little skeptical and thought I'd be returning this phone, but its definitely a keeper. My wife likes the life series, and now is ready to purchase it after seeing what blu can do. Saying good bye to Samsung for now.

With the price, is a great deal.

The phone is good but always needs rebooted after a while if starts to runs slow. It reminds me of a HTC Windows phone, where you need to clear old text messages and back space out of INTERNET pages.

Wasn't very please lots of problems.

The Blu Studio exceeded my expectation. It works great compared to those other expensive phones.

So far a great phone. Everytihng I expected. Just like a Samsung. I don,t know why anyone would want to spend up to 600.00 for a phone, when you can get this for 169.00, and it has all the bells and whistles.

This is a very sweet phone so far.  As for the price point it doesn't get any better, so I am thinking to purchase another one

My BLU Studio 5.5.Beautiful. This is really a lovely phone it has everything that I need.Thank BLU you for making such a wonderful cheap phone

Its the best,, big screen, light weight, easy to handle..with great features... and at a great price..Thinking about buying another as a backup

I love this phone...camera is not that good. You won't regret buying this phone. Only 4gb of internal memory but easily fix with a micro as card.

All Blu phones are great. What is wrong with people writing any thing bad about this phone. This phone is name brand, and I'm happy to be a customer before everybody catches on and bring the prices up. Enjoy this phone now, I'm beginning to distrust reviews, everybody can write one, and they have no idea what they talking about. Blu phones are to be seen for yourself. Don't buy one and loss out. I wish I can add more stars.

I gave it to my sister as a gift and she was happy!  It's a little Big but she got used to it.  So happy she loved it.

NICE PHONE better than the overpriced iphones or samsungs.Would recommend to others with a need for dual simphone arrive as promised

I ordered this phone in blue for 219.00 and i received the same model but in grey which costs 49.00 dollars less than the blue color and now the sender it's telling me that the grey costs more and it's not true i just finished looking the phone right now, and it costs 176.98 in grey. I am so mad!! i just want my money back or a refund for the difference of the cost.

I didn't think I would like the size of the phone but it has grown on me.  For the price I love what quality pictures and movie that this phone produces.  Everyone thinks when they first see it that it is the Galaxy Note 3.  The GPS works great and the APPS are wonderful.  I definitely would recommend this phone to anyone looking to get a good smartphone at a great price.

This phone is my personal phone. I like it. the internet works very fast. and it is really big. irt looks like a samsung galaxy.

I have bought 2 of these phones. The first one was great I was very impressed for about 3 months. Then I started seeing lines jump across the screen. It turns out that when the phone gets hot the graphics become unreadable. I contacted Blu they told me they would send an RA shortly. Never received the RA. Three weeks later I gave the phone away knowing I wasn't going to hear from BLU. The second phone, did the same thing not even 2 months later. I am severely unsatisfied with this phone and would not suggest it to anyone. Go with the real deal. I could have got a Samsung mega for the price that these two phones have cost me.

This is a winner, I have had this phone for a while now, and I have learned some things that I'd like to share:This phone is as advertised.  It's a quality phone, at an affordable price, that has a smokin' fast processor, and decent screen resolution. oh and it's huge.This phone is well made.  How well made? Well... I have dropped it, run it over with a Chevy (seriously), and repeatedly spilled things on the screen, and used it at my work, which was often filled with harsh and abrasive chemicals, and it was really no worse for the wear.  I've left it in the hot car, and I often use cheaply made car chargers, and abuse the usb slot, and yet it still works and still looks great to boot, though due to some chemical on the back panel, the solar yellow rubberized coating is starting to peel, however given the extreme environments I use it in, it's really very minor.This phone has accessories.  Amazon sells them, ebay sells them, they DO exist.  I SERIOUSLY ADVISE THE SILICONE AND PLASTIC CASE.  When the Chevy ran it over, it was in one of these cheap, 2 part cases, silicone with a plastic outer skeleton.  cost me a whopping 10 bucks, with the optional screen protectors, shipped.  The outer casing cracked, and the folding kick stand broke but, looking back, I would still buy another cheap case, I am even still using the same case, cracks and allThis phone is a Suitable alternative to a Samsung, or pretty much any other phone, if you want a well featured, well made phone, at a reasonable price.  Does it have the best specs?  No.  But for a 3rd the actual cost of a comparable big brand phone, unless you NEED the extra features, skip it and buy this phone.  Oh and the cameras.. They are adequate.  No amazing, but they do the job, and even a good job, though not incredible.

Excellent purchase.  Awesome! I l especially like the large print  and keyboard.  It is great for making conference calls.  However it did not come with a car charge only drawback.

I love this phone! It's fast, takes great pics and had a facial recognition lock screen option! One down side, it gets very hot very quickly in the sun (like 5 mins) and ever since then the ear speaker likes to pick when it works. All calls work for regular speaker tho. I will be buying another for my husband.

good phone i just wish the front camera was better and clear . also a good phone for the price that required

im so in love with my blu wouldn't trade it for the world

I fell in love with this phone for a few reasons... 1: the size! I love how big the screen is. Great for watching videos, browsing the web, playing games, etc... 2: great service. Rarely am I having to search for bars with this phone. 3: storage. Has a tremendous amount of space for apps! Overall this phone performs just as well as some of your more popular brands. My only critique about this particular model, is the camera. Not gonna lie, could've been better! 5mp regular facing camera, with a 0.3mp front facing cam. Kind of disappointing. Higher quality cameras would've made this blu studio a 5 star phone for sure.

I was reluctant to keep this phone after encountering the same issues that I read about in other reviews. The most aggravating issue was the constant diconnecting and reconnecting of my bluetooth headset and loss of my  T-Mobile mobile data connection. I spent several hours on the phone with T-mobile, who were very familiar with BLU phones, and my data connection was reset and works fine. However, I still don't feel  that I am getting the 4G signal. I had to contact BLU customer service to resolve the bluetooth issue and after much confusion, I was able to fix my bluetooth connection. It was SIMPLE...change the POWER SAVING MODE to CUSTOM and unclick "Bluetooth" timeout.Thanks BLU! Now I'm happy with my phone.

I was super excited to purchase this phone because my friends had one and loved theirs. However when I got mine it started turning off by itself on the first day. When I would plug it in it would vibrate and not stop. Ive had it less than a week and it cuts off during calls and freezes. I can't get it to come back on without taking the battery out which I do 5-10 times a day.I don't know what to do at this point since I bought it from Amazon and can't afford another new phone. I'm just very disappointed they would send me a broken phone ):

The phone started giving me some problems after 33 day. It wont work well the screen has errors showing.

I love this phone its very big love the scree the phone arrived on time and I will be buying another phone on a later date

Phone is very heavy and I cannot access the internet on this phone. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

It is labeled as New, but the seal were broken. Where is was supposed to be closed and be opened and the final user be able to open it, I checked the phone if any scratches or anything. Everything looks great so far, I hope the warehouse amazon people stop messing around with the products before ship it to the end user.ThanksHopefully the phone will be working if not some action has to be taken.

Aside from the charger box malfunctioning...this phone exceeded all my expectations. I'm very glad that I purchased this phone. Thank you for introducing this product.

sastifecho am very with the purchase of 5.5 blu excellent phone everything works great no problem until the moment the internet is very fast flies mounted on 3g and 4g are the photos quality recommend

It's obviously not a top of the line phone, but you should know that at this price point.  For its price, it has tons of features and pretty decent specs.  The front facing camera is terrible, so if you're going to take a lot of selfies you might consider that, but that's pretty much stated in the description.  Other than that, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to anyone who's looking for a phablet without a huge price tag.

Enjoying my blue. I like that the screen is big and it took my T-Mobile sim card with no problem.

I have already given the seller an excellent rating and I now do the same for this fantastic phone.My galaxy 4 was stolen and  my quest for the best phone began. I looked at ratings and comments until I was blue in the face and then I found Blu.. What a great product for the price. This phone is amazing .. And I don't miss my gal 4?at all.. I am still learning tricks and treats contained in this phone . I only read the manual if there is a problem.. I haven seen the manual since I took this phone out of the box.. And the best part I am a grand mom.. Not some tech geek.. The sound quality is excellent.. The packaging was the best.. The phone company  the best.. Amazon the best..  Treat yourself to a quality and fun product.. You deserve it.. Also I look sooo good while talking on my 5.5 inch screen.. The size is just right.. And I can text with out making a million mistakes ..and when I do the speed checker is right there.. In closing.. Love my phone .. Will buy again.. Definitely recommend..

Great product for the price

first time i saw the Blu line i love them, got the Blu studio for a friend and he is enjoying it. the camera is crisp

AWESOME phone! At an AWESOME price. No gripes about the product its self. If only I could find A driver for it! This is the reason for the 4 star rating... This cell phone is fast and picks up signals where I could'nt with my lg phone!

I LOVE THIS PHONE IS GREAT FAST AND WORK JUST IKE A SAMSUNG GALAXY AND YES I SAID IT LOVE THE PHONE NICE SCREEN AND PERFECT WORKS WITH ANY SIM

Excellent

Well not too bad, not very good either

Got to use this from a friend and found it pretty savvy.The screen is good .The processor fair and call quality clear.The only drawback is that it is overpriced for its value.With competition from many other newly launched brands coming out with some fairly  cool features would be preffered over this.Overall it is a good high end phone.

It's good till now. I think it is better than apple, two cons, 1) screen resolution is low 2) memory is low, you need buy another SD card.

This is an excellent phone, especially for the price. It fits nicely in my hand despite the screen size. Calls are loud and clear. Battery life is fantastic. I have around 60 % battery after 17 hours with some voice calls and moderate data usage.The screen is bright and clear from most angles. Only gripes are : no cases, anywhere. The UI is inconsistent with some menus light and some dark.Make sure you check the frequencies before you buy. This is the US version.

My current cell phone is an HTC One X. It's unlocked and I run it through Net 10. I absolutely love it. It's jam-packed with impressive specs including: 1080HD video shooting and playback, a rear camera (8mp), a front-facing camera (1.3mp), Beats Audio, a Gorilla Glass screen, a polycarbonate exterior, and much more! While it's great for entertainment purposes such as watching videos and listening to music, I wanted a separate device for business use. In addition, I wanted a bigger screen.My first choice was the Samsung Galaxy Note 2, but the price for an unlocked version of the phone was outrageous. Yes it has some incredible specs, but I already have a lot of those specs on my One X. I was simply wanting a phone with a bigger screen that was reliable.After browsing through dozens of reviews, I decided on the Blu Studio 5.5, and a great decision it was. Aside from an enormous screen, it's got some pretty cool features, which I wasn't expecting at all. The music player is very slick. In fact, there are high-end smartphones that have less appealing music players. The sound quality is superb. It's actually louder than my HTC One X, which like I said, has Beats Audio. I've experienced absolutely no lag since I've owned the Blu Studio 5.5. Browsing the web, playing games, running apps - everything is exceptionally smooth. Text is easy to read thanks to the large screen. It comes with a cool, built-in compass as well as a built-in flashlight called Torch.There are a few minor issues such as the display. It isn't superb quality, but for the price, I wasn't expecting it to be. While watching videos, I caught my reflection a few times and it was a bit irritating, but otherwise, video playback is smooth on both YouTube and across the web.Another minor issue is the camera quality. At 5mp, the camera takes decent photos, but nothing spectacular. Again, for the price, we're lucky to even get a 5mp. The phone does come with a front-facing camera as well, but it's pretty useless due to the poor quality. Nevertheless, my One X also has a front-facing camera, and not only does it suffer in quality as well, I rarely use it.All in all, this is an excellent phone for an excellent price. The UI is a little plain for my taste, but it's nothing I couldn't fix with a few customization apps on the Play Store. I'm very impressed with the Blu Studio 5.5 so far. Very glad I made this purchase. And for the price, I don't feel like I have to card it with my soul.

I have been trying to get a new phone for months, and I decided to get it myself because the parents didn't feel like really helping me out. So I research several phone companies, and at all costs I avoided getting AT&T.; At this rate I wasn't going to switch to a plan so I was stuck with a GSM phone for about a year and a half. I researched all the phones that were unlocked on Walmart and found the Blu phones.First I was going to go for the Blu Dash, but I had got additional cash and went ahead, decided on the Blu Studio 5.3 or the 5.5. I bought this.I was very skeptical because I didn't think this phone would be all that, and almost $200 down the drain making me regret buying phones here. But I was wrong.I was very surprised when the seller shipped it to me in less than 3 days and realized this phones is HUGE. Five and a half inches. A fourth sticks out my back pocket and it's as big as my hand from my wrist to my middle finger tip. Smooth white, monstrous battery, earphones (don't use because they don't fit me), a manual, and the charger. I thought it would come with the case too but it didn't.I booted the phone after putting in my SIM and battery and it has the lovely BLU logo and it makes you go through the setup for the phone. Very basic, very simple, very fluid. I played around with it for an hour and I was in love with it.Pros:- If you're a big screen lover, this is for you. 5.5 Inches.- Battery life. If you use it ever so often for about 5-10 hours in the day, you're only going to go down probably in the 70% (I play games and my battery stays above 60%) But this could compete with other Androids.- Sensitivity. Screen navigation is smooth and sleek.- With a GSM, if you're on a generic trackphone plan, congratulations; unlimited data. My phone detects 0.00B when I clearly used almost half a gig in a couple of days on my SIM.- Back camera works decently, clear if you take good shots.- Exceeds working as an Android on an older version.Unfortunately there are the cons:-Front camera. If you're a selfie maniac, you're going to hate this camera. It cannot take shots flawlessly like the backside and you have to be very still to get a semi-clear shot. Otherwise, it will blur like crazy. But it still functions, but not to par for those who like taking those great selfies.- Storage. This was my biggest concern because I like a device with a lot of space. The description says the device was 4GB, yet I go to the settings and it says I only have less than 2GB of free space. The setting was also confusing because they had two sections where one was Phone and System. But the free space I looked at gone down tremendously since I got it, so I'm buying a microSD for expansion. If you're someone who likes storage, beware this phone does not comes with that at all. Get a SD card!- SIM: For some reason, my sim acts almost non-existent to my device. I would save contacts on there, yet I can't upload a picture of them on there. It has to be saved to the phone. Nor I could transfer them to the phone. Also, I have this bug with the SIM (even since my last phone) that I would always have voicemail, but could never call them. It would disconnect me. So the phone would display I have voicemail where I cannot call it.This generally looks like I'm bashing the device, but I'm stating my experience with it so far and specific aspects. Overall, I love it and I'm happy I got it.

very wonderful phone for the price i paid good pictures and lots of features will be buying more for my friends

I received the phone packaged ok. I have found it not working properly. It comes on looking like its ok but then it sometimes don't allow calls to be made or to swipe the unlock on the screen. Then as the phone is turned on and goes into standby mode then it will not turn back on unless you take the battery out then start it over again and again. Im out of money and ended up purchasing another cell phone replacement which means I've lost twice the amount of money as well as being inconvenienced.

The BLU 5.5 has a lot of great features the only problem that I have came across is the battery life is very poor quality I'm not sure as to if the phone battery has a defect but it has not been able to hold charge since I purchased it but overall the phone and other features seem to be great

I have read the reviews for this item and find them to be valid at points and also wrong at others. When purchasing read through the details first, this item comes in two version d610a and d610i (check the back of your phone). The a version means American and will work excellent with any carrier, if you choose the I version that stands for international which works but not to full expectancy... Reason being your data connection only is capable of 2g causing a unhappy customer... So read before you buy to avoid this error

Probably most of us think about that if we don't get a brand cel phone like HTC, Samsung, etc we can't have a nice piece of technology in our hands...wrong! This is a nice device and run smooth all my apps and games, ok the screen res is not a retina display contender but the size and the native resolution it's enough for me and with an affordable price I think this is a bargain!

i like the phone work great is the best phone than i buy work like a samsung galaxy the same velocity

Works no problem, you have to order a Sim card from straight talk, but no issues/problems at all! Most excellent phone!

Everything about this phone is great, but one big issue makes me unhappy with it. The phone rings automatically anytime whether someone calls in or nor. I had to turned ringer off and left vibration on to receive call. Beside this issue the phone is worth your money.

Ok, I have to say that I am super impressed with this phone.  If your reading this review, you are probably just as skeptical as I was when considering buying an off-brand phone.  I don't write many reviews, but I always rely on others reviews so I want to help others with their hesitation to purchase this phone.  I switched to T-mobile to save a little cash from being a Verizon customer for many years.  First, the shipping was really fast, which was one of the reasons I got this phone after looking at other unlocked phones; this was available for Prime shipping.Now for the meat and potatoes...once I turned the phone on, it started the normal Android first use process.  And since I was going from a Note 2, I already had Google information.  The phone was set up with my info in about 3 minutes and started downloading the apps I had on the Note 2.  Then went to T-mobile to purchase a sim card ($10).  They entered my info activated the sim card and the phone was up and running in about 2 minutes.  Full bars and 4G!!  I've been playing with the phone for about 2 days now and everything is good to go with no problems.  Only problem I had was transferring my number from Verizon and that had nothing to do with the phone itself, but the process of porting a phone number between companies.If I had to give any dislikes, I have 2...which isn't a deal breaker to me.  One is that the phone doesn't have a lot of storage, but I added a 16gb micro sd and that dislike is solved.  This phone will take as much as a 64GB micro card by the way.  And the second dislike would be the camera.  And I'm only comparing it to the Note 2 since that what I switched from.  But like I said, not a deal breaker for me.  This phone says 5.0 mega autofocus on the camera.Overall I'm very happy with this phone and I don't think I'll get a name brand phone ever again when I look at the cost comparison.  This phone works about 98% as good as my old Galaxy Note 2 and I love Samsung products.  Just not Samsung prices.  If you have read this far of my review, go on and buy the phone.  You won't regret it.

Bought this for a friend and she loves it. Its a nice cheap android phones. She always wanted a Samsung Galaxy but she loves this and didn't see the need to spend so much money on a phone when a cheaper one can do the same. Its a bit bigger than we anticipated but that's on us for not reading description. I cant wait to get one.

So Far So Good, everything works great. And, I just been informed by the Blu website that this phone is set to get the KitKat os here very soon. So, so far, so good. Trust me... If I notice anything wrong, I'll post it.

the phone shipping and all is perfect  I have nothing against this phone. it takes less than 2.5 mins to set it up and requires 34-64gb  memory card but that's nothing the style and design are way beyond expensive phones. plus it is ship with  a lot of other things that one pays for to get with other phone. way to go blu love the phone shipping was fast

Overall, great phone.  No complaints from my wife about the camera (just thought I'd mention this since I read complaints in other folks reviews).  She had a Samsung galaxy note II before this and gave it to her sister, and likes this one after adjusting to the little user interface differences.One thing to note is that it does not seem to recognize the fast 64GB pro SD card that I got for it.  Upon researching via the sandisk website, the max size listed for this phone was 32GB, so I got a 32GB 40MB/s Samsung micro SD card and that one did work.The phone automatically switched the camera over to using the SD card for storage, which is a nice feature I think (her galaxy note II did not, you had to set it yourself and we didn't figure that out until she was out of memory in her phone).Overall, I highly recommend this phone.

I am so happy with this purchase. Exceeded my expectations. Everyone who has seen it can not believe the price.You won't be disappointed,... BUY IT!!

I have the Phone for about two months, the phone work fine.  The shipping is fast, easy to use, I have my Tmobile sim card put in without any problem, and no installation required.  The battery is good, phone function is fine.The only minus is the camera, the picture come out is not clear and sharp...

The phone cant be turned on now. The company (BLU) is making me jump through hoops to get it fixed under warranty.

These phones are not made for good fast internet . This is my second blu phone . I first purchased the lifeplay then that went bad. It kept freezing on me . Took for ever to load and jump from screen to screen. battery was draining not to mention i had to wrap the charger wire around it to make it charge and hold it in place while it charged up. No i had this larger 5.5 studio for some time now and decided to write my review. Battery is good as long as you dont overload your phone with plenty of apps. Internet is only fast under wifi other than that the max you will be get on it i &#34;E&#34; which is equal to 3g. Still slow . Starting to be slow when jumping from a regular screen back to home screen again. 3 way calling not functioning on this phone, for some reason. Try to conference call and i cant hear nothing. Pick up other line while on this line doesnt seem to work either. I will ask Tmobile if this is from there end. Well for the price of the phone i guess all this is normal. Next phone will be a samsung note. Wont have to deal with this expect the hefty price.

The phone is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've had it now for 2 weeks and its working like a charm. The only two problems I have so far is that the speaker is really low even when you turn the volume all the way up and sometimes the GPS/ NAV doesn't work so well, and I don't know if that's because of the service provider that I'm using which is Metro PCS. Apart from that I would highly recommend this phone. If you're not a fan of big phones then don't get this phone because its really big. I have tiny hands and Its big for me but I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.

I really like this phone. Was super easy to switch over from my other Straight Talk phone. Just switched sims. And that was about it. Added a few email addresses. Did have to change a thing or 2 in settings. But has been working great ever since!

IT'S A COOL PHONE I LIKE IT &#128521;&#128515;

okay first background:coming from an iPhone 5c to this. (nothing wrong with iPhone except that it died and i needed a less expensive alternative)i am in college, do a lot of emails, web browsing, app usage, messaging, and using maps(cuz i can never find anything in this town)first off look at the specks- this phone is huge compared to an iPhone but very similar in it's build to a samsung galaxy. so if you don't want a big phone then this isn't for you. i didn't look at the size before ordering and was very mad at myself until i opened the box. this is a sleek phone with a bit of a grippy back casing; like what you would get with an incipio case. it is not heavy at all compared to it's size and it's very thin and well built. no rattling and no squeeks anywhere. back stays on well. screen is nice and bright and very clear. i honestly can't see a difference between this display and my iPhone. i have used the camera and the pictures come out fine; i don't use a phone for a camera religiously though. this is an android based phone which i love. the voice command and voice to text application come built in and are WAY BETTER than siri ever was for me. (the voice to text is an option while in the message screen) the phone volume is loud, music is crystal clear even in head phones and also in my car aux. i haven't had any issues yet and it's been about a month. if anything happens I'll update.so pros:good soundlight but durableclear screen/good displaygood software (easy to learn since I've never dealt with it)easy to set up and workeasy to text/ use touch screenonly con: was the size until i got use to it. (so easy to read on this phone and i can actually watch videos. i was so close to sending it back but i love it now)so in conclusion: great phone for the price. i really don't have any issues so far and I'm very pleased with my purchase. i got more than expected and i am pleasantly surprised.

it a good smooth phone, very fast, if u know how to use the app admin tool... you can move the apps to sd..this is for the memory lovers... front camera is vga(very cheap, its good for skype video conference, on traveling data saving...) back camera its good  :).  for real high res photos use a real camera, but for the average use its ok...battery life its very good.. i use it all day  calling chat or whatever and has a good endurance..it has a very simply and clean android 4.2.. on it.. im very impressed with the new blu line of products.. well done. dont hesistate to ask somebody else heheh just joking.... ask what you want..

The screen is much better than other people have stated except for the viewing angles which aren't that bad.  Little to no lag.  Memory problem fixed with SD card.  Nothing bad to say about my new phone.

All features work properly fast and accurate. It is an amazing product.The was on time and information by tracking is great.The latest technology at affordable price.

the handset sells its self , the only flaw with it for me its that the speaker isn't loud enough.

This phone for the price is just right for me

If you already have a note or something similar then keep it. If you don't and want to save some money then get this!  Amazing piece of hardware, beautiful too. Came on time if not earlier then expected. Eazy to use, just popped in my net 10 sim card and ready to go. Fast and powerful. Very happy.Update: Phone still works great but if you buy is phone buy a memory card.

yes, it works with tMobile siM card and I love this phone. I got it for My son but I'M thinking about ordering one for Me.  I don't like touch screen phones but this one has a voice to text feature.

I did not get a sim card with it , but I like the phone. Still can not used it.

Ok I can only give this phone a 4 star, BECAUSE I do not use it. I got it for me BUT I didn't really pay attention to the SIZE! This phone is a BIG BIG phone. We have nick-named it "flab-let" because it's like a mini tablet & phone in one.My kid (16) LOVE this phone. It works great for her. She has to carry it in her purse because it will not fit in your pocket at all! I have use it a few time to read my book & it is like a mini tablet. She plays games, reads, pic & web stuff all day long on this thing. SHE LOVES IT.We have at&t; and phone works well.4 months later...SHE'S STILL IN LOVE WITH THE PHONE. Nothing new to report. Phone still works great. Glad I got it for her.

It's huge. Bigger than the S4 and I love it. Personally I prefer IOS over android but I already knew I was buying android so that's my problem. The camera is terrible especially the front camera. It comes with a case and a screen protector, earphones and USB type charger. I have had it for a few days. The battery life is short every though it's huge. With all of these negatives, so far I still love the phone. It's gorgeous.

This phone is AMAZING for the money spent. Honestly Id give much more for it. It excedes my expectations. Runs fast and smooth. Beautiful graphics. Loud, clear sound. Im truly impressed.Also Im usin this phone with straight talk....and it works great. Only had to change data settings.

I am a Iphone 5 owner, but I wanted a second phone just in case my iPhone started to act up. I love it so far, and have it handy for when I need it.

The one surprising feature is the outstanding battery life.  The phone can literally last days without being charged with moderate to heavy use of it's data and WI-FI options.  The screen is vibrant and displays the crisp pictures taken with it's outstanding camera.  One suggestion though before ordering, physically try out a 5.5 inch phone--it may be larger then you think.

for whatever reason this phone keeps shutting off. Initially, it was very difficult to set up with my T-Mobile account, however, after about 3 weeks of back and forth with the company it was straightened out. Also, no matter how you set it up, the battery drains really quickly. Have decreased brightness and all other settings, to no avail.Would, however, purchase again if/when Blu address' these concerns.

Great phone!!!

BLU has it! Sleek, Light, Loud & Bright! Fast as flash and Steady in all operations.  I get 3X the reception of any other device from the same provider and long lasting battery life with BLU. In addition to it all, I've got the freedom of a no contract no ties inexpensive, but amazing phone. No more falling into the hands of international dealers and phone providers lies! American made technology is more than a match for all the expensive stuff offered by the big networks.Facts: Easy plug&play; SIM & MicroSD; Easy setup & sync for all my apps & other utilities; 3X+ the reception; 2X the battery life (it takes a little longer to charge, but it lasts FOREVER! No protection (silicon cover, screen, etc.) yet.Would give a 4.5 because of UPS's devastating delivery policies through TGvng holiday, but it doesn't have anything to to with the ALL AMERICAN MADE amazing device. From now on... Only BLU!!! Blue Skies!

Yes , This is my second BLU phone and I love both of them. You can read my review on the BLU Studio 5.3 and it is lengthy. hat really stands out about his phone is that it has a 1GB Ram which is twice the RAM, little larger screen and you can increase the memory to 64 GB with a Micro SD card. Like the Studio it was so easy to download apps for the bank and Instant Messenger, Facebook and on and on.No need to worry about memory being robbed and slowing down your speed with twice as much Ram. WIFI worked so well and fast. This smart phone is like a mini computer. The Android 4.2 and Quad Core really make the difference. The camera is wonderful and gives side by side video calls too with the front facing camera. These android phones are really setting the bar much higher and with the reasonable price they should make a big hit on the market......Jamie Jansen

I bought this phone in January from Amazon . I have the 5.5 d610a Version of this phone which is the American version . I have found this phone to be excellent in nearly all categories and will go through a point by point review here . The Blu Studio 5.5 is an excellent alternative to spending large amounts of money if your phone breaks mid contract or if you are on a pre-paid service as I am . The phone works with any sim card based service . I have found the phone to be incredibly fast and responsive . The speakers are excellent , clear and crisp . The screen is sharp and clear , though when out in bright sunlight you may experience some problems seeing it .So far this phone has handled every single app that I have thrown at it . I am a power user of my phone so I have actually rooted mine which was a very quick and easy process . The customer support is fantastic. Every time I call them they are extremely helpful . I simply plugged my sim card into my phone and it integrated seamlessly into my service , settings and all .The phone ships with Android 4.1 which you can OTA (Over The Air) Update to Android 4.2 . We are currently being told that OTA Update to Android 4.4 KitKat is in fact in the works and should be available soon .The only negative thing about this phone that I have experienced is the battery life . If you are a power user like me then the expected battery life on this phone will be about 2-4 hours max between charges . You can extend this slightly by downloading a good App killer and setting it for aggressive and frequent &#34;kills&#34; . All in all this phone is every bit a rival for the Samsung Galaxy and has a much lower entry price .

Don't get me wrong. Phone works just fine so far. I would give a five star but the problem is  that for the first time Amazon sent me an opened item. I've been shopping from amazon for many years and this is the first. Very surprised. Seals were broken saying: Do not accept it if the seal is broken&#34;. Also cables and other stuff was scattered in the box. I don't have time to return the phone. I'll just keep it I guess.

This phone has met my expectationsI have not regretted purchasing it.

I love my Blu Studio 5.5 the screen is HUGE which is exactly what I wanted!!!  Love it !!!!! The front face camera is awesome!

Fast processor ; Clear screen ; Large size ; Economical price ; Great Phone ; Nice Tablet ; Fair PriceSo good .... I ordered another One...

I really like it.It's a great smartphone!I am planning to buy another one for my wife.I recommended this phone. It's amazing!

I've had this phone for two weeks now & I really like it. The 5.5 in screen is pretty good and the camera is decent. I'm thinking about getting the 5.5s.

Didn't expect this phone to be so Hugh but i'm adjusting myself to it.  For this price it works well, its very fast and the picture quality is great.  Didn't know anything about this brand at first....I'm happy with my purchase and would recommend this phone to anyone

I received this item after purchase in good enough time so thumps up.I have been using this phone for 4 days now and must say that I love it. My only major issue is that the battery runs down pretty quickly but this depends on the settings you have your phone on in terms of brightness, wifi, data service, vibration and any other feature that uses a lot of power.I would recommend this phone to anyone especially at the affordable cost. I must admit that when I first saw it I thought that it was way too big but then it grew on me. Also, there is a lack of cases available for purchase to ensure that your phone is protected. What I will suggest in this regard though is the purchase of a universal wallet case until Blu decides to provide more accessories fir their products.

Pros:The screen is huge.The battery life is amazing for a smart phone. 2 and a half days on data regular screen use, 6 accounts synced to the phone.Phone is fast.Cheap, dual sim unlocked.Can individually manage data connectivity for each sim card.Worth every penny.Easy to root.Cons:power button gets unresponsive sometimes.No official kitkat update, and likely never will be. ( still jelly bean)

love the phone  , good signal , quality pics and vids , the only complain i have is the ringtones arenot as loud as i would like, even at full volume , but i can deal with it

The size of the screen is great. All the functions do it would expect from an Android phone are here, but setting up the Access Point Name for straight talk was a little difficult and I'm not sure that I still got it right.

Wonderful features.  But camera images not sharp. I am still exploring it.Ask for more review in a month.  I will let you know my thoughts

Here's the deal. Besides the wonderful functionality, I've yet to have a phone that would send and receive text messages within my shop, meaning, in the past I had to walk outside to get connectivity.  This phone has an antenna from hell !!! I've usually got 3 out of 4 bars inside the shop and even text messages with large pictures send instantly...I couldn't be more happy.

Love it! It came way before the actual arrival date. Cute color. And the features are amazing for such an inexpensive phone. Its fast, it's accurate, it's easy to use, and it makes me happy :)10/10 would buy again and/or suggest fora friend. Yes it's definitely going to seem like a big phone if you have no understanding of how big 5.5 inches actually is.. But let's be honest bigger is almost always better. You can watch your movies on a bigger screen, post embarrassing photos of your ex on Facebook with ease. And if you have pizza rolls for thumbs you can type on the touch pad with no problem whatsoever.I love this phone I really do its so reliable and nearly flawless.  Annnd PINK.

Really good phone! Awesome grafics,and pics. Love the standard features that come with it. Just one complaint about the battery life. Battery life is very short.

its pretty good for me and i love it  but the most the 3D screen super clean and no blurry lines

I highly recommend this phone! Only drawback ia that the internal memory is only 1GB. Other than that, it's a great phone.

I have had the phone for nearly two weeks now. Paid for over night shipping and received it by late afternoon the following day. Right out of box, phone is really impressive. Screen is huge. Phone is very similar to the note series. All my friends and co-workers and lining up to buy one. Comes to you running 4.2.1. All my apps are running effortlessly. I'm not a bigger gamer, so haven't tried any graphic intense games, but the ones i've tried ( angry birds, myvegas) have run without issue. Screen very receptive to touch. Netflix runs great, picture/sound clear. Comes with a protective case with may help with small falls and also comes with a screen protector, which i have yet to apply. I'm currently using Simple Mobile $40 unlimited plan. Here in NW Indiana i'm getting 3g and hspa speeds. Just had to take sim out of old phone, pop it into this one and calls starting working automatically. After updating apn info (which is easy) i had picture messaging working. i was too doubtful that such a phone was available for such a good price. BLU has made a believer out of me. Good ahead and buy the phone, You'll be the envoy of all your friends and family.

Good phone with many features of high end phones. It does take a little bit of time to get the right Internet and mms settings right,  but a good alternative.

I purchased this as a replacement for my dying Generic 6.0" FWVGA Screen MTK6577 Dual Core 1.2GHz Android 4.0 3G Smart Phone N9776Generic Screen MTK6577 1 2GHz AndroidI've only had this phone for about a month, so this review is a "work in progress."Pros:1.  Works with Straight Talk, for both for the AT&T; and T-Mobile (mini) SIM cards.2.  I like the inclusion of the "OneClean" garbage collection widget.  This must be the first time I've fallen in love with a piece of bloatware!3.  It is compatible with the Google Device Management client.Cons:1.  The "Encryption" settings are missing from the "Security" menu.  I have written an email to BLU asking them to confirm this, and they replied that it does not, "at this time."  Hopefully, it means that they will consider re-enabling this functionality, since it is a part of the stock Android 4.2 capability.2.  Will not "honor" default app launch settings.  Try getting the Contacts app that comes with it to launch Chomp SMS, for instance!3.  The SMS rate limit is set too low.  Power texters will frequently encounter the pop-up dialog "Messaging is sending a large amount of messages!  Block or Allow"4.  The ENTIRE back of the case seems to double as the internal speaker diaphragm; there are no grills or cutouts for the internal speaker!  If you expect to hear your speakerphone conversations, MP3 ringtones and other media; don't place the phone on a soft surface!!!!Tips:1.  They include a screen protector in the box, but if you are careful, you can peel off the "sticker" from the film they placed on the front of the phone, and then cut off the "pull here" tab.  Then you will have two screen protectors!***** UPDATE 2013-12-23 *****Still liking the phone.  Only reason for 4 stars is lack of encryption on the Security settings menu.  No excuse for that, for units sold in the USA.  Also, because of Con #2, which I just discovered.Kudos to Amazon Customer Support!  The price went down by $8 in the 7 days since I purchased the phone, from this seller.  Amazon refunded me the difference.  Note: this "price guarantee" policy is only good for the first 7 days after you PLACE AN ORDER.***** UPDATE 2013-12-24 *****I got around the default app launch problem by purchasing DW Contacts & Dialer Pro from the Amazon AppStore for $4.89, and received an email telling me I qualified for a $5 credit for future app purchases.  So I came out $0.11 ahead!DW Contacts Phone Dialer Pro***** UPDATE 2013-12-30 *****Still happy with the phone.  I found the Kroo Clutch Wallet for Smartphones works reaslly well as a case:B00CMNZEAE***** UPDATE 2013-12-31 *****I tried paring a Plantronics M50 to the phone.  It pairs nicely and everything, but if you turn off the Bluetooth, walk out of range, or turn off the headset; the phone retains no memory of the pairing.  You are then forced to repair the devices.*****UPDATE 2014-01-02*****I think the Bluetooth pairing issue is related to the firmware.  I tried pairing a Motorola T215 to the phone and it had absolutely no problems.  But for the life of me, I can't get the phone to "remember" being paired with the Plantronics M50."Messaging is sending a large amount of messages!  Block or Allow"  I've lowered my rating to only 3 stars, because the SMS rate limit for this particular device seems to be unusually low.  Per the discussions on the Google Code forum, this limit is baked into the ROM and can only be changed by the manufacturer.  And while the intent of the SMS rate limit is understandable, the value in the current V06 ROM from BLU seems to be set too low.*****UPDATE 2014-01-03*****Something "odd" is going on.  If the phone goes for more than 65 hours straight of "up time," a condition exists, in which the phone is no longer able to play any system related sounds, ringtones or notifications.  The only recourse is to reboot the phone.  This has happened twice so far.*****UPDATE 2014-01-05*****I received the following e-mail message from BLU, concerning the Bluetooth pairing issue I've been having: "We apologize for the inconvenience, however while all our device do have bluetooth (sic) 4.0 Technology, we can not garauntee (sic) the compatibility with all devices."Seems to me that BLU has been "Muntzing" (see Wikipedia) the Android too much.

It's a good phone.  But having trouble getting picture texts.

So far the phone works great the only problem I have is the front facing camera doesn't have good quality....other then that it's great. The screen is bright and big.. Downloads apps pretty quick using wifi...over all it's a great inexpensive phone.

I am posting this after using the phone for 24 hours:Looks: Straight out of the box the phone looks like a name brand phone. Sleek, subtle, and straight to the point.First Use: I put my (AT&T;) SIM card into the phone and booted it up. I went through the 3 minutes Android/Google setup and viola! everything was working. I just had to add the settings to get my multimedia text working. Everything else worked automatically, even data. (I had read from another reviewer that it didn't get 4G speeds but I don't think he understands the difference betweeen 4G and LTE. I am very happy with the (data) speed of the phone.) The screen isn't super clear but it is very nice for what you pay. The camera was also sub par but once again you get what you pay for. The quadcore  processor is very responsive and leaves very little time for lagging.Overall: I paid $170(something) for an unlocked 5.5 inch (screen size) Android device and can not complain. If you want a replacement phone without renewing your contract or paying $500+ for an unlocked device, this is what I would purchase. Before reviewing the phone remember that you are reviewing a $170 phone, not a Note 3. If anything changes over the next few weeks I will update the review but has of today I am extremely happy.

GReat phone for the price. I have no complaints about the phone except that the camera could be better. other than that it exceeded my expectaionts

I like the phone ALOT ! It's FASTER than my current Samsung Galaxy S4,which,if I had known about BLU Unlocked Smartphones BEFORE i went in debt buying the Galaxy SY-I never would've purchased it.Cell Phone Companies try to LOCK you into a 2yr Contract to get the Phone at an Afffordable price,OR Charge you an &#34;Arm & a Leg&#34; for the Phone.I purchased 2 of these BLU Unlocked Phiojnes.One for my Wife,the other for my Brother,who needed a Bigger Screen.I am happy with the product and plan to buy a BLU  for myself-even though I still have Galaxy S4.The BLU loads Internet Pages much faster than the S4,with a BIGGER Screen.I LOVE IT and for under $200,is well worth the Price.

I though the phone was a 4G phone it is an O.K phone.

As posted in my subject header this is the best next to My Note10.1 inch I have used an that includes my galaxy tab 3 7 inch which in spite of it's faster cpu and more memory still lacks the extra cores which more than make up for its lack of memory. Of course that could be because I also used the 64gb Sandisk sdx card to go with it.  Get it despite the extra 4gigs of memory on the phone you will need extra memory and the sandisk is the best bar none you wont regret it. and will quickly need it anyway so just get it already! Its a great android device trust me I have used a dozen at least going back to icecream sandwich OS.  Google likes using sugary names for their OS's like Apple like's using cats for theirs. Be that as it may the jellybean os on this phone is very nice and the best of all the android os's you will come across to date.Looking past the OS this phone works with AT&T; phone sims as well as the Tablet sims and yes their is a difference. The phone sims allow for data as well as phone calling features but cost more whereas the tablet sims allow data only features but can support phone calling features through other apps avalible on the android app store like talkatone, talkfree etc. just do a search for phone apps they will pop up. But the native phone system is still better over all. I have looked at other android devices before that just don't work with US carriers but this one does work with at least AT&T; cell and tablet sims. Plus its smoken fast being quad core.The Blu phones just seam to work especially with At&t;.

Very nice phone does everything a Galaxy note do. But you can get this for cheap.One Problem you cant screen shot

This phone is just... AWESOME Im looking to buying another one soon for my sis!

So far so good. Hopefully I don't have any problems. I just got it yesterday.

Phone work well until recently the phone start jumping and lines going across I have to shut of power to re start

It is  very good I love it I buy for a friend an the person love it too it great

Love it!

i choose this rating cause seems the phone is trying to mess up already in i just got it really unfair

This phone is larger than I had expected but that's because I didn't pau close enough attention to the size it says it is. It took a little bit for me to adjust to the size, but that's the only issue I had. I absolutely LOVE this phone! It does everything I need it to and more. Functionality it is great. Easy to use. Thank you for a great phone Blu!

I was skeptical on the phone because I had never heard of this company before but decided to try it after looking at some of the reviews but I am very pleased with this product. I like that it is a little bigger than most phones and I would recommend this.

Beautiful phone with an Android 4.2.2 OS.  Very reasonable price.  Recommend highly.

Cheaper then you can order tru Walmart, fast delivery, great phone, have to delete an reput in the apn for pic msgs but all in all 5 stars would buy again!

This phone meets all my expectations and needs. One third the price of other BIG screen phones. All the features you will ever need.

can't get a contract phone so i was very excited to get it but the guy at the store said it has a contract , what a piece if crap

The best phone ever.Works well.Perfect size. Very easy to use.Will recommend it to my friends and family.Better than Samsung Galaxy.

If you have already read any of the reviews lower than five stars forget whatever they've said. This phone is by far better than any of the top name brand phones out there. I've come from the HTC evo 3D, iPhone 4S, Samsung galaxy sII, and I'm telling you it beats all of them. If you are hesitant about buying this phone don't be, just click purchase and you won't regret it. I promise!

my boyfriend bought me this phone for my birthday 3 weeks ago and so far i really love it except every time the phone is fully charged and i use it i get lines going through my phone, and when i look at pictures or watch videos it happens every time. Besides that one issue I absolutely love it. I wanted a big screen for my new phone and this one definitely is a big screen!

My phone arrived quickly.  I got the blue Blu 5.5.  However, I notice that I got the D610i not the D610a as it said when I purchased.  Nonetheless I still love the phone.  I have to note that the phone I had before was a Tmobile Prism so this phone is a huge upgrade for me.As soon as I took the phone out of the box, I was able to put in my sim card and use immediately.  I do not have two sim cards yet so I am using my Tmobile sim for now.  I was easily able to call, and text however, I could not get on the internet.  A quick call to Tmobile and I was told I had to enter in new Access Point Names (APN).  I was not able to access the APN area of the phone.  It seems it is not accessible if you are using the phone at the same time.  I explained to the Tmobile rep that I was actually on the phone I was trying to change the APNs for and that perhaps that was the problem.  I was assured by the rep that I had to call the manufacturer and get the &#34;unlock code&#34; because my phone was locked. I called back later from another phone and was able to get another Tmobile rep who told me the codes.  Now I have internet access however it is only 2G.I still like the phone.  The calls are clear, the response on the touch screen is fast and its a joy to look at videos and pictures.  Definitely worth the money!

I do not jump into the newest tech, (I know, this is not the &#34;newest&#34; tech), because I am unwilling to pay the newest tech prices but when my old phone started ending calls at random times and even powering down whenever it wanted I decided it was time to retire the old clamshell. (See how with-it I am?) I hate phone contracts so I wanted an unlocked phone and started to look around. Blu has mostly good reviews so I went with with this one. At about 1/4 the price of a Note 3 I give up a little on the CPU and on the screen resolution but feel the screen is clear and easy to read. I am not a gamer so I cannot address how that works. I use it for GPS, calendar, Evernote, and some web info when I am away from the house. I use a DSLR when I need to take pics but I have played with the camera a little and it is only okay. You might find the camera lacking if you want to use it for most of your photos and you want to print them out any larger than a 5X7. Overall this phone works really well for me. Android without a lot of the bloat-ware and hundreds of thousands of apps to choose from. I use TM for my service and they not only gave me a new SIM card because my old one was too old to be compatible but they transferred my info off the old phone for me in about 5 minutes. Their service and this phone both exceeded my expectations.

I love love love this phone!! Would've given it 5 stars but screen flickers uncontrollably. Affecting the quality of the phone

I was terribly disappointed with this phone.  I spent months writing back and forth to blue and my phone service provider trying to resolve problem with texting pictures.  Finally went to the Geek Squad and learned I only have 300 K to send pictures .  Very disappointed with the functioning of the phone.  I would not recommend this phone and I would not purchase it again.

This phone don't get good Reception with my phone Provider.no matter what i did it didnt help.i have Straight talk it did work but not good, so before u buy check how unlocked phone work with your Carrier..When i try to return it the seller ank me alot of questions that i didnt think it matter when i just wanted to send it back like who.my phone Provider

I give 5 star because that I am so impressed for what I pay for.First of all, opening box, I got a withe one, the phone looks sexy and huge in a good way.Second, turn it on. Put the battery (which looks a kind cheap) in and power it on. The screen quality is good; however, when I looked from an angle the screen deemed ( doesn't look as bright as from vertical). The screen is big and clear enough for me to see details of the game I play.Third, OS is a Android 4.2. For those who don't really care, it's good enough for most of the function your phone will need. Moreover, this phone can receive update from the manufacture which means you will eventually get your phone updated. So it is just a matter of time.Forth, hands on. The phone runs pretty smooth and does not have any lack. However, I did have a problem with the simcard from metro pcs. I tried T-Mobile and Att they both worked but the metro pcs one just not picking up signal.Fifth, storage. The phone comes with a 4 GB factory internal storage which is really nothing for those picture-taking nuts and music lover. But it does have a SD card slot which supports up to 64 GB. So this is not really an issue.Overall, the phone is a very budgetary one. $189 for a 5.5 screen device, runs smooth, with SD Card and battery replacement available. It is superior for the price. Best of all, its unlocked!!!

I received phone in perfect condition and very Happy with my purchase. Had problem getting text msg from Iphone uses but called Blu customer service and they told me what my IPhone friends had to do in order for me to receive their texts. Phone is big and I wasn't sure if I would like it but after a few days of using I liked it! Put AT&T sim card in and was ready to go. Also some complained that they could not get cases to fit but I found lots on Amazon and ordered it fits perfectly. I'm not a big phone user and find this phone fits my needs.

Hi loved my phone

Its big screen its a must you buy it do work with att and its a dual.... Its true to color and size...only thing I don't like bout this phone is its hard to find a case for this phone but other than that you love the phone

This was a gamble I took but hey I won the lotto.phone was all that and more it was great

Battery dies, doesn't stay long so I have to put it on the charger all day after I charge it all night long.

It's a good phone.. I love it. The sad is there's no case for the phone.. But still it's good

Wasn't satisfied the phone itself was nice but it came with flaws like not being able to get or receive picture messages

I love the phone so far. Nice screen size and user friendly great phone for the price. I ordered and had to send back 3 Chinese phones before this. A few tips make sure its shipped from USA if that's where you live and check seller ratings and how many transaction they have. The only drawback I have found is with 3 g a little slower on loading however I knew this on ordering it. I was working within a certain budget and screen size meant more than speed for my needs. This phone for price and all it has to offer deserves 5 stars. It is exactly as described. Believe me after going through this 3 times already this review is for real!

I just got mine on Friday and I tell you, you CANNOT beat this deal. I am absolutely loving every feature. No issues with carrier (Aio) or connectivity. I will definitely be telling all my friends and family!!!

I wanted the Galaxy Note and couldnt afford it. A friend of mine told me abt the BLU studio 5.5. I got it, bought a Walmart Family Mobile sim kit and taaaadaaa. It holds two Sim spots in case I want two separate phone numbers and has a slot for my memory card. Works great!! I had to call Walmart F>Mobile, which are powered under T-Mobile to get my internet/msgs settings set but other than that it was fine. They talked me thru what to put in to set my internet and messaging to work properly and from there everything worked fine. You basically go under your data settings, set it to tmobile then add a New APN or edit the one in there under TMobile. type in APN: web.omwtoday.com then under MMSC: [...]  .... If this doesnt work it may be because of the state youre in just call Tmobile and they will give you the correct settings... Anyhow- I love my BLU... Hope this review helps...

Phones not getting the correct signal strength I can't watch Netflix unless am log into my wifi because the phone can give you 3G or 4g speed

Loved it!!!!! i'm not missing Samsung galaxy at all. This phone is much better than I expected. Gud  value for money.

Overall good phone but If your a YouTube user videos are horrible. Even the ones you make with the device. Very choppy very pixilated

I like the look and feel, just had to return as it wasn't enough for me.  I needed more and could not get to work the incoming call thing and it was just one of those things.  I think I must have been doing something wrong. I bought a samsung 5.8 mega and is loving it.  This phone is very easy to set up etc but not what I need.
