
The battery holds up well. The call clarity is great when the call is established within the primary network coverage area.  This phone gets a signal when I am at work, while most of my coworkers have little to no signal. The larger size is great for working on the go, too. I have watched many hours of streaming media across both 4G and wireless networks with the phone showing no issues.  I have yet to push this product to its limits, I suppose, because it maintains its responsiveness even when running multiple apps simultaneously.

I bought as a gift for my wife who absolutely loves this phone.  Given that her eyesight is poor she really appreciated the large screen.  I was surprised but she actually uses the stylus quite a bit.  I find that ever since she got the phone she is much more responsive to emails as well.  This was also surprising because she has been against transitioning to a touch screen keypad.  In many ways this phone really bridges the gap for her between a phone and a tablet.  Whereas she would use her Nook for internet browsing, gaming and other activities, she now does all of that on the Note and really only uses her Nook for reading.  For years she's been telling me she had &#34;the lesser phone&#34; (I have the iPhone).  I haven't heard that ever since she started using this phone.

Awesome phone, does everything but make dinner for you. If you've had an Android Smartphone, pretty easy to learn how to use.

When buying this phone it does not tell you that you need a SIM Card. So, when I received it I could not use it because no SIM card. The order shows a SIM # so why no card???

Great Product that was delivered on time everyone will enjoy how the Galaxy Note 3 performs. Glad I discovered how Amazon works and how great the prices are in the marketplace.

when I bought work fine but 15 days stopped workingyou're going to waste your moneythe only good thing is that Amazon helped me get my money back

Love the size and the apps. We'll worth the money. Would recommend this phone to everyone, in fact I have.

My sons picked this phone out for me to replace my Droid and Visor and it has been great!  Easy to use and see, tremendous battery life, great pictures.  I have absolutely no complaints about it and would recommend it.

Having the ability to take notes is wonderful.  Paired this with a Chromebook and I am in heaven.  Not for a person with small hands.  Having the large screen is wonderful.

Order this on amazon with a 2 year contract with Verizon on Monday got it on Wednesday morning was shipped to my front door at around 9am. Was very impress with their shipping. The phone itself cost me around 230ish in total with taxes and evrything. I love this phone is so big, fast and has so much more options in settings rather than the iphone. I choose to change from apple to android because yes apple is very fast but after a while like at the end of the year my iPhone 4 started to get very slow and not respond as much as when I first bought it. Now I'm just trying to compare but so far my Note 3 is great! Of course I have to be extra careful because it is a really big phone and can easily be drop if not grabbed correctly.

So many things I love about this. Size is definitely important no matter what your wife tells you!  lol. Other than the size, it has lots of very cool and useful things. Most of which I may never use. But for example, you can scroll thru things you are reading by simply tilting your head up or down.

Great screen resolution.  Takes excellent photos.  Most of all I love it because it is larger and I can read the screen without glasses!!  The only downside is it won't fit in all pockets. So I bought an otterbox case so I can through it in my purse.  I am sure it would fit in men's pant pockets.

I have a white Galaxy S3, still a year into my contract. Once I found out what Note 3 can do over my GS3, I got it. It's expensive than the GS4, it has almost the same capabilities as Note3 but the later have much more.What I like: ( I can only compare it to what I have - Samsung Galaxy S3)Quad-Core processor - it's way faster than the S3, what a different. The S3 is not a sloth by all means.High-Definition screen - what a different again. As clear as an iPhone or better.Screen Size - I can compare it to my stand alone GPS when I hook it on my windshield. Like LCD TV, bigger screen is better.Camera 13MP - much more clearer in interior settings and almost no lag time - quick, that's the quad-core at workVideo -  So much clearer, faster, and nicer than the GS3Battery Life - much longer - I have to charge the S3 daily.Wi Fi Signal strength - way better than the S3.Work as a PDA - That's what I use it mostly for and the pre-installed bundled apps from Amazon, Google, tools, and Samsung on a folder. The rest can be had through apps download.Sound -  Phone and music are much clearer than the S3. It has better bass sound.The Note -  Pad, Notebook, Scrap book, to name a few is amazing. What else it can do are to many to describe but they're great.OS Android version 4.3 Jelly Bean - is much improved.Plastic back case - Nice design. I have no problem because I have it on a hard case.More short cut icon to choose from. I can't believed I have it. . . . . .What I am not fond about:The Screen Page is limited to seven and it does not go all the way around. However, I decided this time to use folders and bunch similar together.Google Navigation -  It's not provided, don't know why?  Those available on Google play store does not let the use of contacts for destination.  This is the one I'm missing.That's my personal opinion. I will let other reviews covers other items on the Notes.V, Note pad/Notebook,

Arrived quickly, works awesome and I love the phone.  Has been a blast setting it up and learning many of it's new functions.  I found you-tube videos extremely helpful to discover what the phone is capable of.  Thank you!

This is an update to my previous AT&T Galaxy Note 3 review.  I have owned this phone for less than a year and there seems to be a recurring charging issue with it.  It has been replaced once because of that problem and I was told it wasn't due to a faulty charging cable, but a "systems issue with the phone".  Now is happening again, out of the clear blue it just won't charge. I read in some Galaxy Note 3 forums that this is a common problem with this phone.  This is otherwise a stunning phone, with an excellent battery life and tons of available useful apps.  At this point, if this issue doesn't resolve itself soon, I might have to get this one replaced as well.  Not sure I will get a Samsung phone again.  For further info on this issue, check out this site: http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-samsung-galaxy-note-3/335113-samsung-note-3-charging-issues-2.html

REALLY SAMSUNG? You integrate the most used key (center home button) on your phone and add "My Magazine" function to it. If you press the home key twice you are AUTOMATICALLY greeted to the "My Magazine"feature and then YOU MUST register and "AGREE" to the terms BEFORE you can "disable it". I BOUGHT YOUR PHONE FOR THE EXCELLENT HARDWARE NOT YOUR HALF BAKED SOFTWARE. BY FORCING ME TO "agree" the terms in order to "disable" it, you've achieved the exactly opposite. This is EXTREMELY INFURIATING and OFF-PUTTING. VIRTUALLY 90% OF REVIEW SITES MOCK YOUR BLOATWARE AND YOU INSIST THAT THE CONSUMERS WILL LIKE IT. YOU'RE NOT GOOGLE AND NEVER WILL BE. STICK WITH THE HARDWARE - SOMETHING YOU'RE SUPERB AT IT AND LEAVE THE BLOATWARE FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES. THIS ONE IS GOING TO BE RETURNED IMMEDIATELY DUE TO YOUR INABILITY TOLEARN FROM YOUR MISTAKE. THOSE WHO FAILED TO LEARN FROM HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO FAIL SO THEY SAY. STOP FORCING PEOPLE USING YOUR CRAPWARE SERIOUSLY. I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO USING MY NOTE 3 BUT THISGARBAGE "MY MAGAZINE" SINGLEHANDEDLY TURNED ME OFF TO THE POINT OF SWITCHING TO ANOTHER DEVICE. GOOD JOB, SAMSUNG!

First off: If you are upgrading from another Android or even an Apple phone here is some advice you may find useful. Search Samsung's site for an app called Samsung Smart Switch. If for some reason that app fails you, move all of your text messages from your old phone to this one by loading a free app calledSMS Backup & Restoreand following the directions I outlined in my November 30, 2013 review of that product. Another free app you may want to consider isSoftware Data Cable, which allows you to back up your old Android phone to a laptop or PC, then move it to your new phone from that backup. You will need to load that app on your old phone and the Note 3, but it's simple and very handy.I'll attempt to not parrot the excellent and informative reviews that have already been posted. I do want to share my experiences with this phone and the ease of moving from the Note 2 to this model.The first thing I noticed is despite the small differences in size, the screen on this one if brighter, has more vivid colors and can be easily viewed in direct sunlight. That alone made my upgrade worth it.A second thing is this is a faster phone. I do not use it to anywhere near its capacity, but it zips along from one screen or app to the next with no lag. I was more than pleased with my older Note 2, but this one is even better.Having 32GB of internal storage is a treat, especially since I have a 64GB external SD card to augment it. That comes to 16GB more storage than my 80GB laptop, so it's easy to forecast that the next version of this phone could finally wean me off computers. As it is I am spending a lot more time on my phone doing stuff I use to do on my computer.I appreciate the greatly improved camera resolution and the easier and more intuitive interface, but that is icing on the cake. What I truly love is even though this one runs under Android 4.3 versus 4.1.2 on my Note 2, there are no major differences in the user interface. In that respect there was zero learning curve. After tweaking a few settings that did not come over when I restored my old ones, I was up and running as before in practically no time.While this ships with a cable that supports USB 3.0 and has what looks like a connector that is incompatible with existing micro USB chargers, that is not the case. You can still use existing chargers, battery packs and the such because their micro USB connectors will plug into one side of the charging port. If you have a computer capable of USB 3.0 your transfer rates will be lightning fast.With respect to battery, the Note 3 is about par with the Note 2 for use time between charges. Since the Note 3's 4.3 Android operating system does include Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) support you may notice a slightly improved use time if you use bluetooth a lot. As it stands there is a very slight difference between the Note 2's 3100mAh battery capacity and the 3200mAh one in this phone.I am still exploring the nuances of my new phone, so as I discover noteworthy features that I have missed or emergent problems that I should warn about I will update this review to reflect them. In the meantime, if you are considering an upgrade to the Note 3 from the previous model and are wondering if it's worth it - I say yes. Read the other reviews for other perspectives and information too because combined there is a high level of customer satisfaction.

I'd been looking forward to getting this phone since it first came out. I've had it for several months now.I can't think of anything I particularly dislike about the phone.I love:- the s-window so I can have YouTube playing while I surf other pages- the multi-window function, especially when researching stuff- the battery life. I have never had this phone die on me. I am on the phone often, both on calls, messages and apps and have never had a problem. It will warn me and I still have a long time before I need to plug it in- the screen size. It makes reading things (especially as I'm long-sighted) far easier. I find iPhones and my old Incredible2 comically small now- the s-pen. I love screen shots- action memo. Love that it works from the lock screen by using the s-pen. Love the loop function where you can google, or email, or add to contacts or map etc anything you type- WatchTV app utilising the NFC (near field communication) so I can use my phone as a remote for my TV- wave commands so I don't need to touch the phone (i.e. when cooking so dirty hands) to check the phone- that it's water resistant (it fell in the snow/slush over winter and was undamaged)- that you can resize the screen to use it one handed if neededI have no problems with the size. Fits in my normal sized pockets without problem. Sound quality is fine as well.I honestly cannot more highly recommend this phone. The only thing would be that if you have small, dainty hands this is not the phone for you. I have &#34;large&#34; hands (glove size) and have no problem accessing both sides of the phone.

Bought it as a gift and she loves it!  Large screen, fast, gets updates and since she plays a lot of games on it, it's exactly what she needs.

TOP DOG!IMO, best phone out there. Great for multitasking! excellent screen, fast!. lightweight. Camera takes great pictures in good lighting. S-Pen works great! speaker output nice and crisp. Battery life really good, if you turn off some un-needed functions like gestures, turn off GPS when your not needing it, turn off auto sync, and set screen time out to 30 sec.....I been getting easy 2 days without charging with light usage like streaming youtube, web browsing and some email. Call quality very good, can hear callers loud and sharp on Verizon network that is. 4G blazing fast on Verizon. Wifi antenna can be a little stronger. Overall a great phone by Samsung!

Love it ! This phone is great. Don't even rrealize how big it is . But the picture quality is great and everything

Twas the day before ChristmasI sat by my treeAnd opened the Amazon boxThat contained my Note 3The box it was beautifulThe phone even moreI followed the guide to the letterAnd was online by fourI downloaded my appsFrom the great Google PlayChristmas had come earlyOn that wonderful dayThere's so much to learnAbout this beast of mineI'll write more about itSome other timeFor now it's just callsAnd music and textI will have to sayIt's just as good a sex!

What an incredible awesome piece of tech! Super fast, love the screen size. There has been some teasing from my work pals about the size though. It does take a short while to get used to the size of this phone, but I wouldn't trade it for any other on the market today.

So much easier to see and use than my  previous smart phone.  Stays charged much longer too.  Love key board too!

I was a big concerned about the size, but since I'm not one who has a phone stuck to my ear while walking around in public I thought it was more important to have a phone I could actually read and type on.  The first thing I did was watch some of the youtube videos on tips & tricks for the phone to get a better understanding of it and it's amazing what you can do with this phone.I'm a Realtor and this phone has now replaced my need to carry tablet with me in case I need signatures and or need to look up something onlline for a client - and they can see it!

I love this phone!! The battery life on the note 3 is excellent, can go 2 days without a charge.

Love, love love! So you would have to want a big phone. I carry a purse so it doesn't bother me at all. I love the huge screen. I actually watch shows on & it's comfortable it doesn't really feel like it's a phone. I mainly upgraded from the NoteII for the camera which I use everyday to capture kids/moments. For that alone it is a big improvement (8mb to 13mb + a bunch more modes & controls). There are voice commands & New S pen capabilities. So it is worth it for me because I use all of them a lot. If you are torn between the note 2 or note 3 I would go with the 3. You will have for 2 years & the technology is worth it. Oh internal memory is 32 gb too! Nice for all the photos & videos you will capture! It is a really fast overall great phone! I can't imagine anyone not liking all the great features!

I love love love this phone. I upgraded from  my note 2 to the note 3.  Great for taking pictures,  multi tasking and very user friendly! Best smart phone I have ever owned, hands down.

I have ever used....I had the iphone 4S and have to say I did not think it was worth the price.  This Samsung Galaxy Note 3 however is worth every penny.  I'm not a techno genius and you don't need to be with this phone.  The calls are clear...the display is vibrant and easy to see (love the larger screen)...it was actually the camera that sold me on this phone....but I am digging the S-pen and the other gadgets it has.  While I will admit apple seems to have more apps this android has all the apps that I was using on my iphone.  All in all I say it is the best phone even though the Galaxy S5 has hit the market.

I use this phone for work as a Realtor.  Great GPS and apps.  I literately don't need my computer any longer on Home showings.  Very quick response and takes great photos.

This phone is amazing! The screen is beyond nice and the camera is better than any standard digital  camera. The ability to work on two windows is incredible.

What do you 1 star people.complain? If I have questions I drive to my Verizon store (where I got the phone)and they help me. You wanted to save a few bucks or whatever from buying it on line. Seriously??

Best phone ever except for the speaker is a little cheesy other than that awesome and has decent amount of battery life

This is an awesome phone. does not feel cheap in any way. Well done to Samsung. love this phone does so much. phones today are like little mini computers. Just awesome phone not a bad word on anything.....

Once I got all of the account information to match up, the rest of the transaction was smooth.  In fact, this is one of the best phones that I have ever used.  Light, fast, and stunningly beautiful.  It makes my Note 2 look atrocious.

MY NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3, BOUGHT FROM AMAZON, HAS MEET AND SUPERSEDED MY EXPECTATIONS, I LOVE THIS PHONE, IT LOOKS GOOD, FEELS GREAT IN MY MAGNETIC CASE, AND, IS WELL MADE AND CUTE TO LOOK AT, EVERYONE LOVES THE PHONE, GAMES ARE MORE FUN BECAUSE YOU CAN SEE THEM, I AM WITH SAMSUNG ALL THE WAY, IF THE PHONE GETS BIGGER I'LL GO BIGGER,YOU ALSO GET A VOICE RECORDER ON THIS PHONE WHICH IS GREAT, NO REGRETS HERE, VERY PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE.

Over the years I've always had great phone's, however; I must say this is the BEST phone I have ever owned.  I had taken four months to research all of the phones out there and am pleased that I settled on the 'Samsung Galaxy Note 3&#34;.  Many of my friends and family tried to talk me out of it, stating it was just to big, and it certainly does look big on display, but once you get it in your hand, it fits perfectly! Now that I own it, all of my friends and family want one!  The look and feel of the phone is amazing!  The size of the screen is awesome!  I also love how you can 'hand write your text messages with your stylus pen, or you can hand write and have it automatically convert to a block style message or you can still use the keyboard if you like!  I always hand write my text messages as I've never liked using a keyboard. I also love that I can jot down notes with my stylus pen, I use this feature a LOT for my work.  The speakers sound GREAT - when listening to music, the mix of tones is crisp and clean while blending beautifully!  I use my phone ALL of the time, and the battery life is AMAZING and especially compared to all of my previous phones!  I can't say enough GOOD about this phone.  I've owned it for a month now and still haven't even touched on all of the great features this phone has!  I hope they come out with a Galaxy Note (4) in a few years because there is no doubt that will be my next phone!  Thanks AMAZON! Your impeccable service is appreciated!!!!!

THIS IS MY 5 NEW PHONE REPLACEMENT IN 3 WEEKS.. IT NOT EASY TO TURN THE PHONE ON WHEN THE PHONE RING OR TURN IT ON..IT RESPOND VERY SLOW OR NO RESPOND AT ALL. I HAVE TO CONSTANTLY REMOVE BATTERY AND REBOOT THE PHONE.  IT TAKES TOO LONG TO DIAL A PHONE NUMBER. WHEN YOU TAKE PICTURE, IT TAKES TOO LONG TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE. AN AVERAGE OF 5 SECONDS OR LONGER.  IF I WANT TO DELETE PICTURES, SOME I CAN AND SOME I CANNOT. SOMETIME THE PICTURES MOVE AROUND TO DIFFERENT CATEGORY BY ITSELF WHEN I TRY TO SEE MY PICTURES.IF I TOUCH A SCREEN. IT MOVE LEFT OR RIGHT. IT STILL HAVE PROBLEMS AFTER I GOT ANOTHER NEW PHONE REPLACEMENT.

Absolutely love this phone!Its like a PDA, a BB, and an Android got together and made whoopee!Love It!

I am coming from the Galaxy nexus, so not only is this phone larger, but also faster and has multi-tasking. The phone is easy to use and I have no complaints with it. The only complaint I have is with Verizon for not having an unlocked boot-loader and still has not upgraded to KitKat yet.

I love this phone's features but I've had to replace it twice in 6 months, first it wouldn't charge,  now it's booting down and restarting itself and Verizon only wants to replace with a &#34;like new&#34; or refurbished phone.

4 stars because phone came in wrong color. I didn't feel like replacing it. Best phone I have owned to date, hands down.

I love this phone...It's big but I that's what I wanted.  I am a IT Administrator and this does everything I want and more.  The multitasking is great, the HD screen is great, I really do not have any complaints about this phone. Battery last all day even with a lot of use.WARNING:  uses large amounts of data when setting up and installing all your apps for the first time,  If you have a small data plan make sure you are on WiFi.

All right here is an honest review about the note 3. It's something that I will approach from the perspective of someone in the Medical field, who needs to get things done quickly, and efficiently.First of all, I received my phone on October 10th, and I had pre-ordered it but DID NOT pay 299. Well initially I did, but there is a promo code of VERIZON30 that drops the note 3 down to 209.99. I bought the Note 3 for myself and the LG G2 for my wife. Needless to say, at the price of 139.99 for the G2 and 209.99 for the Note 3, we returned the G2 for the note 3 despite the G2's incredible low light camera performance. Here is why.Backstory: prior to buying the note 3 I have had the Droid Razr Maxx, which for its time was a great device. Now that apps are becoming more memory intensive, something needed to change. I needed a phone that wouldn't lag on me, and I really don't care about gimmicks such as scrolling while looking up or down, or pausing a video if I look away. Who really cares about that stuff? If I want to pause, I tap on the screen, which is less time consuming that looking away and ensuring my phone has paused playing a video. In addition, I really don't want that front facing camera on unless I am using it. Also, I was always reluctant to buy a Samsung phone because of the plastic build, but you know I always keep my phone in a safe case. I will talk about this a little later.Now, right before I let go of my razr maxx, I briefly upgraded to the note 2 for 2 days. I chose the note 2 because I was in best buy and was comparing the HTC ONE which best buy had on sale for $50 and all of a sudden I decided to listen to the note 2's speaker. I was blown away in comparison to the razr maxx, but blown away which how much more I got in comparison to the HTC one. We are all going to large screens now, and frankly who the heck wants to hold the phone closer to their face? I certainly don't so I upgraded to the note 2. I really did not fall in love with it until the day I was sitting in my senior human cadaver anatomy course, and realized I had forgotten my Anatomy atlas and my notebook. I frantically searched the note 2 and found an app called S Note. I opened S note and began using it. I was blow away, there are blood vessels that are large and really thing, and I used to be able to only differentiate that on paper. Not this time, with the note 2 I was able to use the thin and thick lines as differentiators thanks to the S-pen. I then made my decision that I would return the note 2 and wait for the note 3 because of the larger screen, and faster processor. In addition, I had a memory intensive Anatomy app running on the note 2 that smoothly ran it, when my HP touchpad running android decided to begin hiccupping.Now with all that said, this is why I feel the note 3 is the best choice on the market. First of all, if your going to purchase a phone that you are spending your hard earned money on it, it should be in the most secure and safest cases. It's an investment, that when 2 years later you sell back, you can almost pay for your new device. Second of all, we will ALL drop our phones at SOME POINT, and its important to protect them. I purchased the Spigen Bounce case despite it being slightly ugly; I got the gray one because Incipio NGP tpu cases are NOT yet available for this phone. That case kept my razr maxx in like new condition.Now, I really protect my phone because I have my entire life on it, my class schedule, my hospital schedule, my family schedule, my kids doctors appointments, my appointments, my tests etc. EVERYTHING. So I needed a phone that was behind me 100% and never let me down. It has been the case with the note 3. I have customized it and it still hasn't hiccupped yet.Now the actual review:Screen & Productivity: The large display is fantastic. It is large enough to hold a full month calendar on one home screen and 3 days on another. I absolutely love the vivid screen because my anatomy apps, as well as using it to take notes is an absolute breeze. My only recommendation is to add many pages before you begin in lecture or whatever you want to take notes in.There are many times where I find inspirational quotes on Facebook (FB) and wish I could save them and tag them to share not via FB but text messages etc. Scrap book has allowed me to do just that, I can share inspirational quotes and pictures with anyone and it's a breeze to look them up by placing my OWN PERSONAL tags for each photo. I hold the menu button, type inspiration and BAM; I have all my things that are tagged inspirational.Sometimes I also need a list of diagnostic medical conditions, and it's easy to quickly create a scrapbook memo or create a flow chart in S-note. Etc. In fact the other day, I was talking to Verizon and needed to write down the conformational code etc. for my second note 3, and you know what I did? I was on the dialer page, pulled out the S-pen and circled the page, then I notated it with all the information, it contains the date, the time, and all the information I need to have in case something went awry.I absolutely love this feature and it is very important.Another feature I love is that when I am on YouTube, I can load HD very quickly, the LG g2 did a good job in this too, but the razr maxx despite being an LTE phone did not handle this very well. Another thing I really love on this phone straight out of the gate is that it tells me how many text messages I have (like an unread count). Its something I like, it also has many accounts built right in, such as amazon, Facebook etc. I was able to disable most of the bloat ware by going to manage applications and clicking disable in some of the pre-loaded Verizon apps.The IR blaster is great, I've already started using it on all my TV's however, it wont turn the volume up on my LG TV but do every else. In addition, I am able to have in memory which room has which TV and so when I switch rooms, I also switch rooms on my phone, which allows me to use it as a remote. Great when you have to hide the remote from your little ones.Battery Life: Used it for an entire day hardcore, and its still at 31% at the end of the day after about 6 am to 1 am usage.UPDATE 10.23.13- see the attached screen shot of battery usage. I was pretty impressed. I do know for a fact though that S- health eats battery life like crazy.Also I LOVE the speaker placement on the bottom of the phone, because it's just smart. When I hold my phone, it cups around the speaker channeling the sound directly to me, and not the entire audience behind my phone. Smart.People have complained about the flip board app, but keep in mind, this is android and not IOS. We have choices here. Download an app called home 2 shortcut and it allowed me to configure double tapping the home button to start Google now rather than anything else. Its fantastic and a great use of android capabilities.(I will update more here)The S-pen I received was faulty with my phone, and so Verizon sent me a brand new one for free. Not taking off stars for that, during the pre-order stage stuff like that happens every once in a while. The Spen was completely usable I just had to add a little extra pressure. But no worries, it's taken care of and all is well.The power button has a slight lag when you just tap it to turn on the screen; if you give it a robust tap it comes on quicker. It is quickest to turn on the screen using the home button when it's sleeping. It kind of irritates me that it is that way.NOTE 10.23.13 It maybe quicker to use the HOME button to do the same thing.I wish Samsung allowed customization of the LED colors for the types of notifications.Note 10.23.13 Re: reception issues- I know people have complained about reception issues, but truly I haven't had many. Just a couple here and there. I think the reality is that the Note 3 is SLOW at switching networks etc. So rather than wait, I have just downloaded a refresh network app, which does what I need in less than 15 seconds and gives me a fresh connection. I don't see it as much of an inconvenience especially because the many positives of this device outweigh this one negative. I haven't had no reception anywhere.Tethering by the has been pretty amazingly fast with this phone, and it DOES NOT GET HOT!!!! I love that! My razr maxx used to be a meteorite when it was tethering.More to come.UPDATE 12.13.13I apologize it has been a while to update. I absolutely still love this phone, and I wouldnt change much about my review. I will say that I have experience reception issues but they are SOOO SELDOM, I believe ive refreshed the network about 4-5 times since I have wrote the initial review and now.Ive been informed that there IS an app that allows you to customize the colors of the LED to what you want. Excellent, so thats definitely a negative taken away.I had been using my phone with a Spigen screen protector and initially I liked it, but now with using the S-pen and it aging I really am beginning to dislike that screen protector. I have just ordered a tempered glass screen protector and will update later about that.ONE thing I have learned is to save EVERYTHING from action memo to Scrapbook or S-Note if you want to hold onto it in case your phone needs to be reset. I had to reset my phone once, but it was due to the FoxFi app and it causing certificate issues. Once I reset it it fixed it.Another note, the Spigen case protector I was talking about, it is great, however I have found that the squared edges make it uncomfortable for my hand to hold, when I remove the case I can handle the phone pretty easily with one hand (even though I have hands on the smaller side). So I have ordered a case that has rounded edges rather than squared edges.Whatever you do, do NOT get a metal case for your phone because it will reduce your signal quality.Other than that the phone has been running great, and I will update it again soon!

This phone is awesome. Really does what it says. I have my own business so appointment setting is easy with features. The multi screen feature is a plus. Easy to talk on phone will surfing the net and google map at the same. The screen is big enough for this feature. Also the S pen is awesome for note taking or jotting down orders.Last but not least the screen is bright so outside use is no different from inside and battery is awesome heavy use for me is 10 hours.

I love it. Great for me!  Has apps I love that I can't get on the i-phone. Balances my man hands :)

I had my Motorola Droid for years and thought I loved it - I did not know what love was. :-) I absolutely love this phone. It is taking the place of my computer on the road.  Works great on my Verizon network.

Amazon has the best price for upgrading phones like Samsung Note 3 for Verizon Wireless customers.  Who wants to pay more?

Phone is a mini computer.powerful,fast,reliable and looks good. Exceeds my expectations.I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great smartphone.

I have always been a 'Galaxy' girl, since it first came on the scene, I absolutely love this Note 3!!!! It's everything Samsung says it is!!! I'm buying the Galaxy Gear as well as the Galaxy Tab 3 10.1!!!!! #teamsamsunggalaxy

I could not check email on my home computer if this phone was on.  I talked to Verizon about it as well as Charter.  Both said it was a phone problem.  Then I started getting error messages whenever I did a search.  I finally decided to send it back to Amazon but my time had expired to do that.  So now I have paid $200.00 for a phone that is worthless and I am under a contract for 2 years and am not even using that phone.  I went back to my iphone.  And amazingly, I have no problems with my home email anymore.  I buy quite a lot of things from Amazon, but this has made me look at them differently.  I am now thinking it must have been a refurbished phone since I got so many wrong numbers and problems.

I am really please with my new phone. I'm so glad I made the choice to purchase it. I can do everything that I normally do on my iPad right from my phone. This is my first galaxy so I am learning as I go. But I'm very pleased. Love the s pen!

The Galaxy Note 3 is a great phone with great battery life and features.  The screen is big and beautiful, the apps and features are great, and the battery lasts a long time. I have used the phone pretty heavily through a 12 hour shift and still had 40% left at the end of the day.Don't let the one star review fool you, any apps you do not want can simply be disabled and the magazine app that is brought up by double tapping the home button can simply be disabled by checking a few boxes (no registration necessary), going into the app settings and unchecking the option for the home button.  Leaving a one star review for something so simple to change to your liking is absurd.This phone is also slim and light, back cover is a nice feeling faux leather and the phone is built to last.

About 3 weeks with this phone and it is Great so far. Great Pictures, large clear to read screen, easy note taking, great phone & phone messaging, movies, internet, Google, email, very useful calendar, contacts,and much more. Has many features that are very useful, I may even seek a "Learning course" to put to use all that is has in it.

I read all the reviews on this phone. They all seemed good. I was attracted to the screen, I really liked the large size of it and the pictures seemed pretty good too so I went from my Iphone to the Galaxy note. I have been trying to learn to work this phone for a week and a half and still things just don't make sense. The biggest problem is that I cannot receive messages from other iphones. After spending an hour with the verizon operator we got it to work but after about an hour it was doing the same thing not receiving iphone messages. I am at my wits end with this phone and really wished I would have stayed with Iphone since I also own a ipad.I wish  Samsung and Apple would work together and fix this problem.

I got this as an upgrade for my wife and she truly loves it. Technology in general is not her cup of tea, however the interface and the vibrant screen helps make the transition a bit smoother. Here is a quick overview on the specs [...]Personally I'm using a Motorola Razr Maxx but when upgrade time comes up I will need to seriously consider this!

It is a big screen easy to touch, There are a lot function easy to operation . So I like the phone .

Even though I was heavily invested in the 'Apple Ecosystem' (iPad, iMac, iPhone, iPod, all that stuff), I just wanted a big screen!  I had the iPhone 4S before, and waited patiently for Apple to come up with a bigger screen, and the iPhone 5 was a huge letdown.  Yes, longer, but not wider.  Texting on that tiny screen, even in landscape was slow, and I never liked the autocorrect on the iPhone.  Just mad they wouldn't listen to their customers.Then I was at the Verizon store and saw the Note 3.  The display is beautiful and crisp, and I love how you can customize this phone to your heart's delight.  First thing I did was purchase Swiftkey and can almost text as fast as I type on a computer (100 wpm).A lot of the same apps that I had to pay for from the iTunes store are free on Google Play, and that was nice too.  The Note 3 blows away the iphone on processing speed, so I can finally play graphic heavy games like Dead Trigger 2 without freezing or stuttering.  Web pages load instantly, and with a screen this large, watching Youtube videos no longer has me switching to my iPad.  My iPhone  4s was only 3G and going to 4G LTE was a real treat!  Blazing fast!The iPhone had to be charged every day, without fail.  I can easily get 2 full days of battery life out of the Note 3 with light usage, well over a day with heavy usage.Call quality is crisp and loud enough for me, although I see others who say it isn't. The stock ringtones that came with it were not loud enough, but Google Play has lots of free ones that are pretty good.The stylus is a really nice option, and I can tell Samsung really put time into designing it, but for my purposes it's just faster to do it by keyboard.  Artistic folks will love it.Another thing that's nice that Apple doesn't allow, is access to the battery.  I picked up the Samsung spare battery charging system so now I never have to plug my phone in to charge; just switch out batteries.  The only drawback is it makes using a defender case a pain, so I just have a screen protector and nothing else.  It's also nice to have a backup in case of power outages, etc.Holding the phone takes practice.  It's much thinner and lighter than the iPhone 4s and a lot wider.  I find myself touching the screen and selecting things by accident when picking it up.  It looked so huge in the Verizon store, but after having it a few days, it looks like a normal phone, and everyone else's looks tiny.I know a lot of my fellow tech heads bash Touchwiz, but I have only ever used Apple, so I don't know what stock Android actually looks like.  To me, it's pretty fluid.  I like lots of blips and beeps, so it works for me.  Not once has this phone stuttered or lagged.  Seems like Verizon is slow getting Kit Kat out to us, but have heard others say that is pretty typical.I would recommend this phone to anyone.  If you spend all day and night with your phone, you will not be disappointed by the Note 3 at all.  C'mon Apple!!!

this is a fantastic phone--fast, beautiful screen, fun to use S-pen, etc. so I'm giving it 5 stars because IMO it is the best phone out there right now. But I have small hands and my hand does get a little achy from holding the phone for a longish length of time. I knew going in that this is a big phone and that's what I wanted because it's tough to read web pages and emails and watch TV (via Slingbox) on small screens. The back of the phone has a faux-leather cover that makes the phone a little bit less slippery. The back cover is VERY thin, too--which helps make the phone alot thinner than you'd think it would be given its size. (I just compared it to a friend's iphone, and this phone is actually thinner!) Some people have rated this phone lower simply because they don't like the plastic back cover. To me, I couldn't care less what the back cover is made out of since I will be using a protective case anyway!I love to draw, and the S-pen makes it fun to doodle and even write with. Although the phone has a setting where you can make the screen more sensitive so you can use the touchscreen even with gloves on, I will use the S-pen instead because it's more precise.There are so many features on this phone that I still haven't figured most of them out yet--after all, I just got the phone yesterday. Those who have a Galaxy S4 will already be familiar with a lot of the features of the Note 3.It comes with the usual Verizon bloatware, but you can remove the icons from your screens (but not remove the programs from the phone itself). You can disable them too. This phone packs 32gb of storage plus you can add an SD card if you have lots of music, pictures and videos that you want to store on your phone. So no worries for me regarding the space that the bloatware takes up. My last phone had 8gb of storage and I never used that up, even with the bloatware. If you are new to later Android versions, you may be surprised to learn that you can no longer store programs/apps on the SD card, which can be worrisome if you have less than say, 16gb of internal storage and you like to have tons of apps on your phone.**EDIT*** This phone comes with Android 4.3. I've just discovered that it does, in fact, allow you to save some apps on the SD card! Even so, this phone has so much memory, I will be hard pressed to use most of it.So far, all my favorite apps work great on this phone, except for HBOgo and MAXgo.*2nd EDIT* HBOGO has been fixed and it now works! Still waiting for Max go to be fixed. For now, I'm happy that my Slingbox works with this phone.Because of its size, this phone is not for everyone. But if you don't want to lug around a tablet but still want a screen you can see easily and use as a phone too, then this is your best bet.

Got this for a Christmas present for my wife ans she absolutely loves it.  Easy to set up.  She really likes to be able to write hand written notes with the S pen.

Great phone, although I miss the integrated features that the iPhone provides.  Excellent battery.  I haven't found aftermarket apps, but in my transition i've noticed:What I do love:Great screen size to read everything comfortably, watch video clips, and appreciate pictures.Great battery life.  I had to charge the iPhone I had twice a day.  This I abuse and it still gets me through the day.  It also has a removable battery for instant juice.  Family I have in the Philippines have had to charge theirs 3-4 times a day due to the network infrastructure.ResponsiveIn my transition, things I have noticed:-Native list syncing is not present.  I decided to go with Wunderlist.  I would have used Google Task, but it's not developed yet.-No button that pulls up voice command like Siri does in the lock screen.  The voice command is not universal and not as easily accessible like Siri was.  You can have it activate in the lock screen with a double tap of the home button, but it doesn't work if the phone is unlocked.  If it is unlocked, you have to find the app.  There is a buttonless voice activation (&#34;Hi Galaxy&#34;), but it stops working sometimes.-Google maps will persist in lock mode, but only if you don't hit the home button to summon the unlock screen.  When you do that, the map disappears and you must unlock the phone to see it again (the iPhone will always show the map when navigating while locked, which was really nice).-Some apps tend to freeze.  I simply hold down the home button and swipe to close a running program and then reopen it.-The text size kept changing on me every time I tried to text.  I found you change the default text size with the volume buttons.-I had to be creative to migrate my contacts.  I moved everything to Google from my iPhone, then synced with my phone.  One thing that is great is that I can manage my contacts now through Google Contacts through my Gmail (they have a tool to remove duplicate contacts!-Text to speech engine is awesome, better than Siri in accuracy and speed, I think.-Camera and playlist controls aren't available in the lock screen as they were with the iPhone, UNLESS you disable security.I've used the pen when in phone calls to jot down and auto-call the numbers I write afterwards, which is really nice.  After the novelty of the pen, I reverted to using the on-screen keyboard.  I still use it on occasion.  I like the availability, especially when sending information to people or writing on maps.  I have used the S-Note notebooks to draw guitar chords and strumming patterns, so that's really nice.  I just wish there was more integration, so I can see my notebooks on my computer.For a case, I used the Otterbox Commuter, which works well.  It has no belt clip, but I would imagine I'd get tired of putting on the clip after a while anyway.  This just slides into my pocket.Did I enjoy my iPhone? yes.  simple, works, well integrated, robust, although sometimes non-responsive and poor battery life.Do I enjoy the Galaxy Note? yes.  Totally different experience with the larger screen, great battery life, more enjoyment of pictures, video.  It's not as well integrated, but it works and does what I want.  In a mobile computing device/phone that I have on me all the time the screen, snappiness, battery life, and pen bring really make it and are much more important in the experience.Will I stay?  I think so.  I will learn the phone soon enough.  The experience is just different.If you have any comments, please do!  I'm still learning the phone.  It is a great piece of art and master craftsmanship from Samsung.  It comes from South Korea, a powerhouse of cutting edge technology and force in the global economy (I was there for a year and can appreciate the history).  Not to be confused with China or Japan

I was so excited to get this phone, but in the end I just returned it to Verizon.First was the charging issue.  It wouldn't charge in my apartment, which was strange.  I tried every outlet.  When I took into Verizon, they plugged it up and it worked just fine.  So, I thought it was just a fluke, so I took it back.  Now I just moved into a house and plugged it up there and guess what?  That's right, it didn't charge again!  Now I plugged it up by USB to my computer and it started to charge, so I left it there overnight.  By morning, it only charged to 85%, which is horrible.Then there is the voice command on this phone.  I asked to call someone in my list and it literally took 1-3 minutes for the phone call someone from list, which blew my mind since I just came off a Samsung Proclaim from Straighttalk and the voice command works flawlessly in seconds and connects me.  The Note was so sluggish and long!  Now this phone should be light years better than the Proclaim in this area, but no way.The size was bigger than I thought and was very difficult to put in any of my pockets.  Now if you have a purse, briefcase or bag, then it might be better.  It does have some weight to it as well, which wasn't bad.  It is very difficult or impossible to use with just one hand.Lastly the phone call quality was very good at first, but then got muddy and hard to understand over the 2 weeks that I had it.  Seriously the phone call quality was the exact same thing as Straight Talk!  You don't see many reviews that talks about phone call quality much, but the Note in the end was not good.  On the other hand, that could be Verizon.But pictures look stunning!  I took a few shots and was very impressed by the quality of the pictures and video.The pen function was different and unique, but not useful to me.All in all I sadly had to return it.  I really was looking forward to this phone for a very long time and it let me down.  Yes, it was probably defective, but as I searched about it more I found more and more people having similar issues if not now, eventually.I am considering something totally different and maybe more reliable like the Blackberry Z30.  After reading through the reviews on that both here and on the Verizon website, I think I might head in that direction and give it shot.I also considered the S4, but I think I am taking a break from Samsung for a bit.

This phone is pure awesome. End of story. Lightning fast, full 1080p screen (which is mind-blowingly clear) - this phone has a lot going for it.However, Motorola has Samsung crushed when it comes to user-friendliness regarding typing. Let's face it - everyone gets annoyed now and again with auto-correct. But at least Motorola's auto-correct is intuitive, and understands when it changes &#34;Staind&#34; to &#34;Stained&#34; - and you go back to change it back to &#34;Staind&#34; because it's actually what you meant....  Motorola understands &#34;OK, you really meant to spell it that way...  we'll let it go.&#34;  Samsung corrects you again.  And even better, on a Motorola Droid - when you hit &#34;backspace&#34; after an auto-correct, it changes &#34;Stained&#34; back to &#34;Staind&#34; because it realizes you actually meant it that way. And, again on a Motorola, when you hit &#34;Sym&#34; to get your comma, then you hit comma, when you hit the spacebar to go to the next word - the keyboard changes back from symbols to letters for you. On Samsung, you have to hit &#34;Sym&#34; again to return to the qwerty keyboard.Minor things...  I know....  but it's very surprising Samsung gets these things wrong. I'd think by now, they would've had time to realize these inconveniences in their keyboard programming, and fix them for us.  Maybe someday....Regardless....  the phone is a true power-house of performance.  Handling every multi-tasking thing you can throw at it, without skipping a beat and still begging for more.

I switched to this from the Note2.  the 3 looks better, is a bit more powerful and has a better display.  Not not a huge upgrade to he honest . I kind of preferred the feel of the N2 rounded edges, but the n3 square looks better.

I LOVE my GN3! The screen is huge and beautiful! So clear. I've only had it a couple of weeks so still have much to learn. No regrets!

I want to start by saying Note 3 is actually a wonderful phone.  However, the one I got from Amazon with Verizon was not... I purchased the phone from amazon wireless with Verizon because they were having a really good deal for this phone.. However, it turned out to be a disaster. I first heard a static noise from time to time when I was on the phone.. And then, the fully charged battery died within 12 hours (on power saving mode).. I don't use my phone a lot usually, my iphone 4 can last me over 2 days.. So at first I thought switching to Samsung from Apple was a huge mistake. Then I searched online, everybody online says that the samsung note 3 is supposed to have a really good battery, actually pretty much the best in the market.. So with all these problems, I returned the phone to amazon, and went to a local AT&T store and bought the same phone. It turns out that the phone's battery IS really good. Now my note 3 also lasts me at least 2 days, without being on the power saving mode. I am not sure if all phones from Verizon are of such poor quality, or Amazon wireless has bad phones, or I'm just unlucky.. But at least Amazon's return service is good. So if you get a bad phone as I did, you can at least send it back...

Absolutely the greatest phone on the market. Puts the iphone to shame. My son played with it for 30 minutes and within a week got rid of his iphone and got one of these. The crystal clear HD display is unbelievable. The S pen with the S Note App is so easy to use and recognizes my awful handwriting flawlessly with NO lag. Write a name and a phone #, touch contacts and it's there instantly in your contact list. The 13 MP camera is great. The Smart Touch lets me transfer photos to my wife's phone instantly by just touching the devices together. The battery life is one of the most impressive features and IS as good or better than the specifications claim.You can't go wrong here. Get one and you'll be glad you did !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Loved the price, quick delivery, and the item!  Everything worked out as promised and I couldnt be more satisfied than I am.

A few tiny quirks that samsung coulda make a little better, but very small making my rating absolutely excellent in whole! Really love the phone and the multiple of things that can be done with it.... more than I probly know of or will use. Highly recommended to anyone thinking about purchasing!

The best phone / phablet in 2013/2014.  Perfect for business and entertainment.  Samsung doesn't disappoint.  LOVE THE CAMERA.  (smooth motion video 1080P).-Dr Max Nguyen

I want 2 main things in a phone - as good a camera as I can get and a screen that allows me to read.Screen is great.  The picture is great, reading is excellent, and the stylus is a bonus.  I use it sometimes, but not as often as I thought I would.  i do draw with it sometimes and also make notes.  Helpful, but not completely necessary.  I like that it stores right in the phone though.The camera is better on the iPhone 5.  Heck, the camera was better on my iPhone 4.  There is no macro at all.  So, you have to be pretty far away to focus - there is no low light.  I mean, none.  You have to use the flash which is only so-so or you have to just not take the picture.  Same situation, my husband will take the picture with his iPhone 5 & it will come out.  So, if a camera is your main focus, choose an iPhone.The audio quality is also not great.  When played on speaker - music, or speaker phone, audio book - it is fine, but when talking on the phone, the quality is less than stellar.  It is hard to hear (volume could go higher) because it does not come through as clearly as it had on my old iPhone 4 or on my husband's iPhone 5.  Same network, same people I'm talking to, so I've tested and it is actually this phone.ALSO - it does not fit in a normal sized pocket and falls out, so consider this when purchasing.  If you carry a bag all the time, that's great, but if not, do you have pants or a jacket with very large pockets?  If no, you will have to carry it all the time.  Also, in an evening bag, it is hard to fit.  I was at a wedding last weekend and carried it separately.OVERALL - I love to read on my phone and it is amazing for that.  I text almost all the time - also amazing for that.  AND, when you do get good pictures, the viewing and editing on this phone is great.  You can also draw over your pictures with your stylus which is fun and silly and amazing!  So, I do love this phone, but wish the camera was better.  The sound quality when I talk on the phone is livable.

Lovely phone, pretty much does everything it says! I'm happy with my purchase and it feel great in my hands.

very good.

I really loved this phone until the update. Over the past 2 months since the update the reception has been terrible and suddenly I can barely send a text without it failing. I have pretty much surmised that this has only been since the update a couple of months ago. In the two months prior the phone was great. I have contacted everyone numerous times over this and they pretty much confirmed my suspicions. It is quite disappointing to spend so much on this phone just to have it all die out with no fix available. If you do get this phone I suggest you do not update it or any of the other new Samsung phones. While it may be great in city areas it has certainly declined here to an almost unusable level.

The phone is fantastic. The only reason I have not given it 5 stars is simply because the flash for the camera has not worked since it was taken out of the box. I will be switching it out for another one as soon as I find the time to.

First of all, I want to say that Amazon price beats any service provider offers out there.  Secondly, the quick shipment from amazon and processing is awesome.Now the phone, I love love love everything about it.  It is big in size, but how many people have a smartphone plus a tablet.  I find this phone serves the purpose of both.  I love how everything is in one. I was always in love with the Android operating system, so I never really had much of a problem.  I found I got really frustrated with Apple products a lot, and switching to the iPhone was the biggest regret I had made.  I just don't like how everything is set up for you and you can't really customize anything.  Secondly, I love how the Note syncs with my Google account, from my Gmail to my calendar and my contacts.  I am currently taking online classes, and I am able to log on to my school website without a problem.  As opposed to my iPhone I can only access certain features, and not to mention constantly having to zoom in.Cons: speaker is on the bottom, so if you watch a movie in landscape, you'll feel like your hearing is off.  That's all I can find for it for now.

I would have to say that 90% of my computer usage is via my mobile phone now-a-days.  And I constantly read tech news and keep up to speed on advancements in mobile computing.  Only having my Note 2 for a year, I was in the market for a new phone because I decided to switch to Verizon.  I was torn between the Note 3 and the HTC One Max.  Most would say these are not fair comparisons because they are not in the same tier.  But for me, the One Max was very enticing.  I loved the idea of the front facing speakers, slightly larger screen, and better build.  But what sold me was:  replaceable battery, better GPU in the Snapdragon 800, and amazing AMOLED screen.  I'm partial to the screen due to the deep blacks and infinite contrast.  What has surprised me about the phone is the new quick charge 2.0 feature in the SD800.  It charges extremely fast.

Finally after years of waiting, a phone with practically everything that I want and need seems to be here.  I've had this phone for over 2 months and it has a Large and high quality display yet easy to hold in one hand, powerful (future proof), long battery life, good sound quality and clarity on both speakers, Infrared TV remote, good camera, USB 3.0 speeds, support for latest wireless standards and optional SD card. I hope bug/performance fixes get released in a timely manner unlike with my Verizon GNexus.Might need to be patient and give the phone a few days&#8212;I got a replacement and for the 1st 3 or 4 charges the battery would drain easily to 50% after 9 hours of usage and I was not even using the same amount of features as with the 1st phone nor even using it as much, but it improved over time.  The 1st phone did not have this issue and right out of the box would have only dropped to 80% after the same usage and only dropped 2% or 3% overnight instead of 4% to 6% like with the current one.Positives:Battery LifeCharge TimesScreen SizeSound Quality of both speakers -- so nice not to hear chipmunks anymoreSignal Quality (wifi and LTE)Camera Quality in decent lightingPhone stays cool during heavy usage (gaming, phone calls, etc)Overall Keyboard LayoutNegatives:Intermittent unexplained battery drainage&#8212;Maybe NSA is spying on me? :)Auto-corrections on native keyboardThe way that the Phone and Contacts features work&#8212;should be simpler to use with a screen this size but requires 2 hands or might be more suited to left-handed people with large handsIntermittent TouchWiz feature malfunctions (s voice, gestures, 1 handed mode, etc)Inability to remember audio settings for head set and constant prompts about volume safety--I only use audio jack while in the car connected to a cassette adapter (not earphones) since I don't have Bluetooth or any native support for smart phones in my car.Some Notes:TouchWiz adds much needed functionality to native android that is nice, but I&#8217;ve turned off a lot of the features because some were overkill for my needs and too unreliable for every-day use.  I only have prior experience with Native android and Cyanogenmod and although I prefer TouchWiz over Native android, it still needs some serious work.  For instance, I find that the swipe to the left or right to message or call a contact works intermittently along with some of the other advertised features such as Smart Stay, S Voice, Hand Gestures, etc, so I&#8217;ve turned most of them off and only enable some while using hands free mode while driving or at home.  It is also more difficult to do some of the most basic of tasks using TouchWizBattery Life and charge times with stock charger is very nice although at times since I got my replacement Note 3 it seems like something drains the battery much faster than with the 1st one&#8212;going to eventually reset phone to see if it is some kind of OS malfunction.  With normal drainage I can usually go for 2 or 3 days on a single charge with what I consider moderate usage (Hangouts chatting, phone calls, iHeartRadio, gaming, and watching videos).  Considering that I have a larger screen than I had before, use more of the phone&#8217;s features and for longer periods of time while running TouchWiz; I&#8217;m impressed.  The battery is not even 2x the capacity of my GNexus which would have required 2 charges daily with the same kind of usage on Native android or Cyanogenmod.The screen is fantastic and I&#8217;ve enjoyed watching both 1080p and 720p videos without problems&#8212;native player can handle most video formats, but does NOT have the same support for audio encoding.Phone feels light weight and although it is aesthetically pleasing to look at, the materials feel kind of cheap so I&#8217;ve invested in a cheap case to prolong the aesthetics.Things that I don&#8217;t like:I currently know 2 other people who&#8217;ve bought this phone and 1 of them along with myself had to get replacements.  My 1st one had issues with USB3.0 connectivity, a faulty charging cable, strange tapping sound during phone calls, and a few other bugs.  The other party had issues with the charging port&#8212;not sure if the 3rd person had issues.  My friend that always buys Samsung phones says that the issues with charging ports are common, but this is only my 2nd Samsung phone so I cannot say for sure if this is the case.Auto-correct and word suggestions on native keyboard are a pain to use and so unnatural.  I&#8217;m used to pressing the back key to have my words reset to what I initially typed in the event that auto-correct is not needed, but with this keyboard you are sometimes presented with a undo button and sometimes you just have to get creative and use the Sym button or write with the stylus pen to bypass the auto-corrections&#8212;this is a major flaw in my opinion and should have been fixed by now considering that several updates have been released for the apps and the phone itself.  Should not take so much effort to type on a touch screen phone.  Hopefully Apple hasn't patented this feature.As with my Galaxy Nexus, the auto screen brightness is too dim for standard use.  Not sure how well it would prolong battery life for those who walk around a-lot while using their phones.Stylus is hard to remove&#8212;good that it won&#8217;t fall out on accident though. Surprisingly, it has not damaged any of my nails.  Interestingly, my protection case makes removing the stylus very easy--You go Cimo S-Line CaseIn order to use USB 3.0, it has to switch to airplane mode--transfers don&#8217;t last very long at these speeds anyway and it has a built in feature to turn back on USB 2.0 mode if 5 minutes go by and USB 3.0 is not being used.  This feature can also be problematic if you try to let Windows Convert a video file to be transferred to the phone which would take more than 5 minutes.Wall charger has USB port on the side of the wall unit which too me is an invite for bent prongs considering that it is recommended that you remove it to save power and it wastes a port on a lot of Surge suppressors.

This phone has a great battery life, light weight, and the large screen is phenomenal.  I was happy to replace my Iphone.

I'm an Android (and Samsung) fan....and this phone just validated that for me!!Call quality was improved from my Nexus Prime.  Battery life is better.  The screen is beautiful.  The s-pen is nifty to use.I was daunted by the size initially, but i didn't notice it after a few days of use.  A good cover to help your grip is definitely beneficial.  Now, other phones tend to look comically small...funny how you adjust to it.Also, watching how-to/tip videos helped me quickly learn how to best use the device.This is my favorite phone in 15+ years....highly recommended (if the features appeal to your preferences, that is).

This was a long anticipated wait for me!! I have been waiting since November 2012 to get my hands on one of these I would frantically search to see the latest stats, pro's and cons and I must say the phone is PERFECT!!! I am AMAZED at how HUGE the screen is all the while the phone is SOOOO LIGHTWEIGHT!! It is very slim and feels as if nothing is in my hand. I have toyed with some things at first glance the Graphics have my pupils like WOOOOOOW.....  I made the tragic mistake of bluetoothing over all my pics from my previous phone first before downloading apps and its about 1200 photos, videos and music.. My fault for that(drained my battery) but Other than that on first hand I Love, Love, Love, Love my new phone!!!! =)1/25/14It is nice to have a phone that can go 1 day and a half without being on charge. I took phone off Charge at 745am. Worked 13 hours and went out to the bar after work took pics, and mild to moderate social networking while at work (shhh...lol and went to sleep with battery at 33% woke up 7 hours later phone is on 30%!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE my phone. I do frequently make sure I close all apps on the phone to conserve my battery.. Still learning new things on my phone!!!

So far so good I love this big guy!  Luv the big screen and the volume is awesome when watching  a movie :)  No complaints thus far!

I like the big screen and so many smart features.  I've owned iPhone for about 4 years and I got tired of its small screen. Even some of the apps on it are better that of iPhone.  I also like how you can type and correct at the middle of a word which iPhone does not allow.  Also this phone is faster.  Oh, one important thing that I almost forgot is that you don't need to go through any program like iTune to upload music and photos. You can download directly from computer to the phone.  This phone is easier to use than I thought. I like it very much!

It's a big phone but the price was unbelievable and I love the phone itself. The screen is awesome and with older eyes it sure makes it nicer. When I have to show my parents how to do something on their iPhones it is really a struggle.

Yes it is rather large.  Yes some people will not be able to get it into their pockets.  But it is powerful and has a great HD screen

Owned the original Galaxy Note.  I was excited to get this at a wonderful price for the holiday.  Love the Samsung quality phone.  Big screen, all the features.  Only thing I noticed is you have to talk on speaker phone most of the time or you hang up on caller.  This happens alot where my face touching the screen hangs up on people.  Not good!

I want get this phone went it first came out and now I have it going on three week now I really like it all do lately it had been getting hot on me went talking on it the last 2 or 3 day anyone else have this issue it till new have not had it a month yet but I do like what it can do a lot till figure stuff out it  after I have had it a couples of months I will write again

I am giving this phone 4 stars because it is not gold on the sides like the ones at Verizon. I wish I would have known. I would have spent the extra $20 at the Verizon store. This one is silver on the side. Not a big deal and I am more then happy with the phone itself. You're gonna love it!!!!! It's addicting!!!!

This phone/tablet is wonderful.  I no longer need to bring my Kindle tablet with me; when waiting in a long line at Costco, I just get my Note 3 out and read.  It does everything far more than I need.

Best decision I could have ever made plus the price was right. I honestly love my phone. What made my purchase so easy was the step by step instructions that were included and 2day shipping awesome.

this phone is probably the biggest and most usable phone.has all the features that the samsung galaxy s4 has + spen etc

I love it!! The phone is amazing and has so many options that I don't even know how to use most of them yet!!

I was excited to have this shiny new phablet, until I started to use it. I am new to Samsung, so I figured the UI would take a little getting used to. I was right; the interface is very different from Motorola or HTC. I think of myself as tech savvy, but the phone had little logic in the design of the menu's or locations for any of it's 80 important settings. The camera rocks at 13MP with crystal clear pictures, as long as you use the flash... The S-pen working on the &#34;back&#34; and &#34;list&#34; buttons was very nice but palming the pen to push the home button is tedious. The display is stunning and the &#34;adapt&#34; features on both the sound for headphones, and visuals are great. Speaking of sound, if you like listening to music or watching videos, I suggest you pick up a decent pair of headphones with your order. The speaker is terrible, its distorted and very sharp on c and s sounds. While loud, it lacks clarity in its volume. Additionally, the microphone is trash. I've had some one talk to me using my phone and the distortion is present here as well. If you talk on speaker a lot, as I do, this probably isn't for you. It, like every other phone I've purchased in the last 2 years, comes pre-installed with a ton of &#34;instant disable&#34; apps. (I would love to get the choice of what I want to store on my phone for a change.) It also functions poorly with the Youtube and Spotify apps I run. Aside from this, there is also the voice activation. It turned on at its choice of awkward moments, calling and texting without my knowledge. This, more than any other reason, lead me to the decision to send it back and choose a different phone. I'm going to miss the S-pen and Scrapbook but I think I can get over it. The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 might be a great phone for some, but not for me. I wouldn't recommend it, but I won't say it was a bad phone. I like where they're going with this line but I'm going to stay away until they work out all those bugs... Good luck, and happy shopping :-)

I choose note 3 for the program processing speed ... And the internet speed... The no delays in watching educational videos... I'm happy with my selection and can live with it for the 2 year term with verizon...

Great phone with great features and great display. Lighter than I thought and with the case I got, the weight is just perfect.

Awesome phone.  Came packaged very secure easy setup. Wonderful experience.  Couldn't have chosen a better phone.  I am a Samsung faithful. ..

Everything I expected.  Fast and easy to use.  I got a flip case because it's too big to easily keep on a belt clip.

I am enjoying the Note 3.  I'm getting to find out more about how to use it all the time.  I still haven't figured out how to delete my email such that they also delete in my primary yahoo account.  I'm still learning.  Would recommend this device to anyone.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned!!!  Hands down.  Everyone needs to ignore the one lone one star review---  he is an abnormality who may have connections with competitors.  Make sure to get a good case though---  speck cases are the best but they don't have one for the 3 yet--  bummed about that.

This phone met all of our expectations.  The screen is brilliant and sharp.  It is large for a phone but it serves as a small tablet and lets face it we use smart phones more for surfing and texting than talking.

I traded to this from the iphone 5. It was the greatest change in my life. I love this phone i can go 20 hours easily even more. If you leave it in stand bye mode you can leave it for days. I just wish it had kitkat for verizon. I also wish there was a nice dock for it. Its awkward because of the usb 3.0. Its a different plug and if you use the old 2.0 connection it takes long to charge it

Love the phone no complaints here! Might be too big if you have a active life style it takes up your entire pocket.

Sturdy. Exact Fit. Good price. Ribbed surface makes it stick in your hand.  Good buy. Recommend to protect an expensive device.

Love the size of the screen.  Doesn't feel silly big.  The camera is awesome and love some of the S pen features. The four stars is for some dropped calls and it seems to change ring volume, not sure if this is the phone or some app. This is not a deal breaker because I really like some of the other options.

The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 on Verizon Wireless picks up right where its predecessor left off, making key upgrades to the design and display, while adding a bevy of new stylus features. Add in the powerful processor and superb multitasking chops and the Note 3 easily wins our My award for phablets on Verizon

Perfect size for quick document display, easy to use, extraordinary battery life, extremely clear and  beautiful photos - I bought a Bluetooth headset for the phone.  Love it. Love it.

I choose 5 stars because this device deserves no less than 5 stars.Pros:Bright displaylarge screenfast processorlots or RAMGreat deviceCons:Does not have KitKat yet. C'mon samsung/Verizon...I would recomend this to anyone who wants an awesome phone!
