
I was looking to upgrade to a smart phone on AT&T, but my contract wasn't up for a renew yet.  Once it came, I bought this phone to the AT&T store and they hooked it right up for me.  Very intuitive and clean feel.  I've had it for a few months, and no glitches or problems at this point.  There are a ton of great apps available through the android store.  I like it better than my husbands iPhone 4s, and that would have been hundreds more for me to buy!

Power button only works half the time and volume on screen box appears on its own. Camera malfunctions and it has froze up several times.

I bought this to replace my Nokia Lumia phone and I love this so much!  It is super fast!  Everything is easy to get at.  One thing, there is no sim card.  I did not realize i bought this unlocked...lol.  But fortunately my gophone sim card fit right in it.  I was in business in  seconds.  I orginally wanted the samsung galaxy express but this is just as awesome, maybe better as I didnt have to get a new card or number. And only half the price.

There seems to be some bugs in the ones I got. The replacement had same problems.Sometimes when you charged it it would not indicate it was charging but it would charge. Kind of annoying but no big deal. However other times it would indicate it was charging and would continue to do so even after it was unplugged from the charger. This effectively renders your battery meter useless. I would even check with the battery usage widget and it would give me a percentage which would have been fine until i realized it had held a 96% charge for over 12 hrs of heavy use. Restart phone and surprise 20% battery.Bluetooth connection to car was not reliable. Sometimes I could use buttons on dash to answer and end calls sometime I could not. Same with using buttons on radio to stop and start or switch music stored on device.

I bought this phone to replace my Pantech Discover due to broken glass.  It is performing as I hoped for!! Its fast with the internet, compatible with all apps in the android store, and takes very decent pics.  I never had the desire to buy the &#34;high&#34; class phones like Galaxy and Iphone when there are phones like this can do the exact same thing.  The only gripe is no cases are available for the phone yet. Had to order the case on amazon as well. Hopefully I dont drop it before it gets to me ;-)

This phone is very user friendly and has many features that I can use on my job.  It has been a real pleasure to use.

This phone is great for Net surfing, HTML programming, phone calls, and great Android OS. I'd recommend buying this phone!

Good Android 4G LTE phone with fast &#34;on-network&#34; speeds.  Good WiFi speeds comparable to almost any other Android on the market.  Can't beat the price for the up-front purchase.  With AT&T you can select which Rate Plan you want to be in; as little as $25/month up to $60/month.  I am on the $25 plan which is perfect for what I need.  Phone downloads pretty much all the latest apps on Google's PlayStore, but not all.  Phone is pretty fast when it comes to multi-tasking, and this is why I give it a 4 star.  There are faster phones out there that can mult-task better, but this one is pretty good.  Camera doesn't take good pictures and takes even worse video.  A lot of delay or lag while video while keeping up with what is moving in front of you.  The phone's &#34;in-call&#34; volume isn't too loud.  Although in-phone call quality is ok, the volume tends to run on the low side.  Overall, I love the phone and will hold on to it for some time.  It is way better than the ZTE Z990 I was previously using...it's like light-years better.  So overall it's a pretty good phone, with reliable speeds, ok camera and what you would expect for the price without having to be committed to a contract. Good job AT&T, finally a GoPhone worth buying.

The microphone has never really worked and my front and back camera have gone out just recently after half a year almost, causing any app that involves the camera to freeze up. When I make a call, nobody can hear me AT ALL unless I use speakerphone, which helps enough for them to hear me, but I'm still quiet to them. Other then that, I love the phone and would buy another if this one could be guaranteed to work.

I bought this phone as a temporary replacement for a Galaxy S4.  The phone is was one of the cheapest new 4G LTE phones I could find for AT&T.;  The phone doesn't seem super cheap feeling.  It has an ok sized screen and an ok weight.  The phone doesn't have the newest Kit Kat operating system, but Jelley Bean is sufficient. This phone is okay if you are easy on your phones.  I am used to running multiple tasks all day long.  This phone glitches under heavy use.  The phone will temporarily freeze on occasions.I also noticed that it will not keep your place sometimes on apps such as Facebook.  If you are in the middle of writing a message and you stop to do something else.  If you reopen the app holding the home button it will erase your messages.The soft keys are not as responsive as I would like, but it is a cheaper phone.  The screen itself responded just fine to my touch.I also disliked the slide bar on the right side of the screen for scrolling web pages.  My finger hit that many times as I was reading a page on accident. The internet must be running pages even if your not viewing them.  I had a video start playing while I was viewing another page in a different window.  The video even started playing while my screen was off and I wasn't using the phone.The battery life kind of sucks, but the phone charges fast.  I use my phone all day long.  I'm assuming it is just a small battery capacity.  Again this is a cheap phone and not my S4.The photo taking a video taking are adequate. My videos were grainy and the pictures were ok.  The camera on this phone is fine for keeping memories, but I wouldn't use it to put pictures on my wall.  This phones camera does exactly what it needs to do and nothing more.I felt like this phone was lacking on some settings that could have really helped this phone.  I disliked having to go into settings instead of the top bar to switch wifi networks and to turn on Bluetooth.  I do like not having to swipe my screen to open it. I just hold my finger on the screen.  I do not like that the home screen doesn't display todays date.The speaker on this phone is nothing special.  I used it to play music and it wasn't very loud.  I wasn't expecting it to be either.  It was fine enough for the price category of this phone.  I also tried the headphone jack to a stereo.  The output there was also low.  I then played music through Bluetooth.  The music played just as my S4 would have.Phone calls came in clear and I could understand everyone who called.  I had no complaints from anyone else about hearing me on the other end.

This is my first smart phone. I like the fact that it has a front and back facing camera. Works well with ATT. I bought it not to use as the &#34;to go  phone&#34;. I had to go to the ATT store and have them transfer the info on my SIM card. This phone works with the mini Sim. The ATT store does it for free. The only problem I have with the phone, You cant delete phone numbers from the phone icon, so I have some doubles. You can delete from the contact icon. But all this is a pain. Also. you can pick your own ring tone and message tones, which is great,but it only alerts you 1 time. A green light blinks on phone if you missed something, but never notifies you again with a niose / alert. This is hard if you missed a call or text message. You always have to remember to check your phone. Wish it alerted more than 1 time. If any one figures out how to do this, please let me know. Over all I like the phone, lite weight and good picture and a lot of nice extras.

I love it I bought this for my son it arrived when expected and it was  wonderful

I am very happy with my AT&T; Z998 4G LTE Go Phone.The processer could be a bit faster but for the priceand what it can do it's a great value

The phone it a lot smarter than I thought for the price. I'm happy I made the purchase when I did, I recommend to all.

camera went out after only having it 4 months really suckie phone plus its hard to find parts fora zte phone really ddisappointed in this phone

Some features on the phone are weird, but it is still useful as a basic android phone. Just takes some getting used to.

Wife and I bought 2 of these and we love them. We don't like having a contract so this is the answer to that. Have had a few different no contract phones and this is by far a great deal

Great phone, awesome price! I got them for my daughters and now considering getting one for myself. Nice camera as well!

This is my 2nd of this exact phone - one for business, one for personal now. Since I am already familiar with the phone, I tossed the packaging right away.Then the next day, I went to adjust the volume for the 1st time - and that button does not work! The only way to adjust the volume is the go through the screen commands.So - buyer beware, check all the functions prior the chucking the packaging.Otherwise, it's a wonderful phone -  the reason why I bought a 2nd one!

My five star review is based on the value of this phone for its price.  I'm sure compared to like a Samsung Galaxy S4 or some other more prestigious phone the Z998 is lacking but you cannot beat this phone for its price.  I'm an AT&T; post-paid customer, not a prepaid customer.  However, when one of the phones on my account died on us last year before our contract was up for renewal I discovered I could buy a prepaid phone outright and have it activated under my post-paid account.  I like this option because it keeps me from having to fork over hundreds at an AT&T; corporate store to buy a phone during my contract period and it keeps me from having to get sucked into another two-year contract in order to 'upgrade' my phone when my contract expires.  With the price and quality of prepaid phones improving so rapidly I personally don't see any reason to 'upgrade' my phone any longer and continue to be contractually tied to a cellular company, although I continue to get the plan benefits of a post-paid account (i.e. 10GB of data per month).Anyway, my own phone had been dying a slow and painful death for a while and I still have a little over two-months before my AT&T; contract expires and I'm eligible for a sensibly priced phone with a contract renewal, so I'd been looking for an AT&T; prepaid phone that fit my minimal specs over the past couple of months.  Those specs were a 4G LTE Android phone running at least 4.1 (Jellybean), with a minimum 5MP camera, flash, a front-facing camera and at least a 4.5&#34; screen.  This phone fits all those specifications.  It also feels solidly built and not flimsy or cheap.  The screen resolution and touch response are great.  I read a lot of reviews complaining about the battery life and camera quality.  Compared to my old phone the battery is fantastic.  Right now it seems to stay in the 'green' all day with normal use.  (Of course, my phone is brand new and they always get better battery life when they're new.)  The camera is the worst thing about the phone.  My old phone was an 8MP Samsung Infuse and took phenomenal pics and video, so the Z998 is definitely a step down.  However, in decent natural light the quality seems fine to me.  It primarily seems to be lacking whenever you're dependent upon using the camera's flash.  Then the pics are dull, colorless and grainy.  For $129 you cannot beat this phone though.  At this time the only other phone with comparable specs available for AT&T;'s prepaid service is the Samsung Galaxy Express and it's almost double the price at $249.  Therefore, the Z998 is an excellent choice if you want a lot of phone for a little money!!

I love this phone using it is so easy when I first got it my son had to show me a few things , but now I am  having no problems. This was a great buy.

I have never used a smart phone before and found this one easy to figure out. I liked the price.

For the price, I couldn't imagine a more capable phone. I have a Galaxy S3 but bought this for my littlest, this will be his 1st Android phone. I can honestly say if I needed an inexpensive replacement phone, I'd have 0 qualms with purchasing a 2nd one of these. I have a ton of apps, games, wallpapers, ringtones etc. on it already (getting it set up for the little guy via wifi so he doesn't kill his data) and haven't even put the SD card in and it hasn't slowed it down a bit. I'm very impressed by this 129$ phone. W2G ZTE!

Since purchasing this phone, I rarely use my tablet or PC anymore.  It does everything and is fast!  It is well worth the money. I would recommend it to anyone.

Purchased for my daughter for Christmas, she loves it, and says the battery holds charge very good, all day!!! She also loves being able to access the internet

Love this phone. Android is the best. Has enough apps. Like it better than my Iphone 4. And if I lose it or break it then it's under $150 to replace it! Excellent screen size, resolution is nice.

I am already a GoPhone user. But my old phone was acting up so I went ahead and bought this phone based on all the positive reviews I've read. I am glad I did...but not without some issues. When I opened the box, I noticed the ATT package was not sealed. And the phone was in a generic white box with no IMEI/UPC stickers on the box. It was also missing the SIM card. I've read many reviewers confirmed that this phone does come with a Micro SIM. So I was pretty sure that I received a refurbished item, despite I ordered BRAND NEW from Amazon. Thanks to their great customer service, after I explained what I have received, she immediately got me a replacement, and she assured me that she would communicate my issues with the warehouse to make sure they pull the correct item. 2 days later, I got my replacement order, see photo I have posted. It came in a sealed / vacuum packed package, which I had difficulty cutting it / breaking into it! :) The setup was quick and easy. My old phone has a normal size SIM so I couldn't just switch it into this new phone. So I called ATT 800 number to transfer my phone # to the new Micro SIM card. After giving her the SIM # plus my phone's IMEI #, got my phone booted up and started using it within minutes. The touch screen is very intuitive. The call quality is good too. I am very happy with it. Highly recommend it!

I love my phone, very good service, would order again. I would highly recommend this phone to any of my friends.

Great value for the price does every thing I needThe reason I gave only 4 stars is the quality of the pictures

ZTE never heard of it.Needed new smart phone wanted a 4g lte did not want to spend  3 4 5 or 600.00$Very pleasantly surprised.Do not upgrade with your carrier ever again.Buy the phone compatibleWith your carrier and just put in the new sim card and turn it on.Do not upgrade with the carrier unless you don't care about $$$.

My sister had me to buy this phone, and we love it!!!!!! It has great memory, android functions and the internet is super fast.

For the price it seems to work very well.

I have the ZTE Unico LTE phone from Straight Talk. It is the exact same phone except my camera is circular and the camera on the ZTE Mustang is square. Just to let those of us with a unico know, a case made for the ZTE mustang will fit the unico. So my review is on the Unico, although not exact, same phone as far as hardware and specs.. It has its positives and negatives. First the positive. I love the screen, very crisp, bright and big. Not too big like some that you can't even put in your pocket. But big enough for easy texting. The screen is glass and after 6 months, i still don't have a scratch on it. The battery life is great, lasts me all day, but I am not a power user. I may make 5 phone calls and send 50 text messages or so and play a few games throughout the day. The camera is okay. Outdoors it is amazing, inside or when it needs to use the flash it's slow and is almost always blurry. The phone is fast! Well fastest I've ever had. It does fine multi tasking and streaming video.Onto the negatives. The glass screen is not very durable. I dropped it about 3 feet and it shattered. It was on concrete but I have seen other smart phones fall further and survive. It cost $98 to have the screen fixed. (The Unico was $200 from Straight Talk) I have since bought a case. The front camera quit working after about a month. I factory reset the phone twice and still nothing. Not a big deal but this was the first phone I've ever had with one and I was really enjoying using it. One thing I've noticed is when you move an app to your SD card, if you restart your phone they disappear from the home screen. Other than a couple little gripes I love the phone. I used to have a Nokia E71 smart phone not touch screen. It was like a BlackBerry and I love it. It finally gave out after years of use. I bought my first touchscreen and it was a 3.2&#34; screen. I hated it. I went through several phones from straight talk until I found the Unico. I'll have to say I'm glad I found it. I really enjoy using it and I don't have Samsung Galaxy money. The Samsung won't do anything I can't live without, and the Unico suits my needs for less than half the price. I would definitely recommend the ZTE Unico based on my experience. It has never froze up or just quit like other cheap androids. I bought my lady friend one too and she really likes it. :-D

I bought one of these phones at Wal-Mart to replace my Samsung Galaxy Mega until it is fixed and I love it. I am giving the one I bought from Wal-Mart to my daughter and now I just ordered the same phone from here for my other daughter. The only issue I have with the phone is that the pictures and video are not great. Other than that, it is a great phone. It is lightweight and the screen looks amazing. It is also 4G LTE

Like the phone but can't check my voicemail. Can someone help me out

Had an IPhone that died before it was time to upgrade so I bought this to last 8 months. Well worth the money. No issues. Excellent phone, especially for the price

This phone does everything I want it to.The size is good, and the phone looks good and durable.The screen is big and clear.Good internal memory and micro sd card expandable.The battery last long.Easy to text and screen shot (just press the volume key and the power button at the same time)Good front and back cameras, both of them took decent pictures and videos.I would recommend this phone to anyone.

i am very impressed with the new phone, the battery life, the memory, the speed. finally found a phone i enjoy,  its what i want in a phone, plus the at&t network is better than verizon and straighttalk. i would recommend this phone to anyone.

This is one of the worst phones that at&t has made. When you place phone calls, the screen flashes to a black screen back and forth. Making impossible to check on your account balance at your banking institution for instance. Hard to dial in your account and pin numbers while the screen is unstable. The photo gallery is a joke.It won't place your pictures in order, either by name or if you have them in numerical order. My old Fusion 2 phone would do that. Also the phone eats data like crazy, so it's best to find some WiFi (if you are on the gophone plan). There is no off line FM Radio. No app from the play store will work either.I would not recommend any one to buy this phone.

I highly recomend this phone. I was worried about some of the reviews on the battery and how long it will stay charged, but this phone holds a charge very well I can go 2 days on one charge. I'm very satisfied.

I love this phone! This was an amazing idea from AT&T. They offer 4G LTE for prepaid customers on this phone. Plus it has two cameras. A front and rear facing cameras. What that means is now you are able to do video calling on this phone. All you have to do is install the Skype App on your  Z998 and then you can do video calling with other people that have a front and rear camera on there phone. With a 4.5'' screen, plus all the features it has you can't beat the price from a well reputable company that makes this phone. Thanks, AT&T  What a smart move!

This phone is much nicer than I expected. The appearance and build quality is at least as good as the Samsung phones that I've handled. And it qualifies for AT&T;'s 10 cents a minute and $2 a day pay-as-you-go plans, although they aren't mentioned in the literature that came with it, nor are they offered when activated on line. So I activated with the $25 a month plan, and my first call was to AT&T; to switch plans. This was done in just a few minutes. With these plans, people who don't talk much and who can live with WiFi-only data and paying 20 cents each for texting can have 90 days service and up to 250 minutes of talk for just $25.00. Note that there is no activation fee for a Gophone.The screen is very sharp and it has brilliant colors, even if it is only 18 bit. You could spend 4 times as much for an Android phone, but you'd have to look closely to see the difference in the screens. And it has the power to render HD video without a hiccup. Conflicting specs have been published about memory, but it has 2.1gb available. The owner's manual doesn't mention using the USB port for anything other than charging, but it does support 4 communication modes. It seems to have everything you'd expect from an Android phone except NFC.And best of all, there's no monthly bill and no commitment!

Hated it I have iPhone 4s and wanted something bigger but no front facing camera was a disaster need better qusluties

I bought one of these for my daughter in April due to the pricing and features.  Having never heard of the manufacturer before, I was unsure what to expect.  The phone itself is very slim, and it is very responsive.  The battery life is very good for an Android phone, and reception has been perfect.  In fact, I just bought another one of these for my wife.The only negative that comes to mind is the lack of quality cases for this phone.  If this model is any indication, ZTE will become a bigger player in the market and demand more attention from the accessory market.  Until then you are pretty much stuck with generic stuff.

The phone is fine for my granddaughter who, curiously, managed to lose her older ZTE GoPhone.  Older is the key word, here.The charger stopped working, or the phone stopped allowing the charger to work.  Can't tell which, becuase it's the supplied charger is only charger we have that fits this phone.  It took the initial charge, then refused to charge when the battery got low.Overall, the kid was very happy with the phone.  She's not a power user - neither am I - and I suspect a power user could find fault with the Z998 - but for someone who uses a smart phone without making great demands on the phone or with high expectations (like my teenaged graddaughter) the phone works quite nicely.  The screen is a good size, has good resolutions and the camera is a bit above average for a cell phone.  Better than my Nokia, nowhere near as nice as her Canon DSLR (no cell phine ever will be that nice).It worked flawlessly without any glitches or hiccups.  The battery life was better than expected.The only fault is that we can't recharge it.  Battery?  Charger?  I don't know.  I'm guessing the charger: those USB connectors are fragile little buggers, regardless of who makes them.Amazon, as always, has been faultless in replacing it - the new one arrives tomorrow - and we'll update this when we have the replacement in hand.Got a kid who has a cell phone grafted to their right hand?  Not in the market to put an iPhone or high-end Galaxy in their hands.  I like this option and would consider the Z998.We'll let you know if it was the charger.UPDATE 6/20/2014It was the male usb plug on the charger.  Grabbed the new charger from the replacement phone (Thanks, Amazon!) and the original phone charged immediately.  Upgrading the review to 4 stars.

Let me start out by saying I'm an Apple person. Got my first Mac computer in1985 and have had nothing but Apple products since including my current desktop computer, ipod and ipad. I wanted an iphone so bad I could taste it but being in a financial bind I had to settle for this. It is not as smart nor as intuitive as an iphone and the learning curve as compared to an Apple product is absurd. BUT after a month I've mostly mastered it and am a little surprised that I actually like this phone. The display is sharp and crisp. It is thin enough to slip easily into a female's pocket or purse and over all it has all the bells and whistles I could ask for. Like some other reviewers said, the camera and video quality isn't great but it will do, especially for the price. Do I still want an iphone? Yes. Will this one suffice in the meantime? You bet it will.

Umm I really like this phone.... it's has a great quality and the 4G ite is really fast !!! So I'm going give it a &#127775;&#127775;&#127775;&#127775;&#127775;

already not working. restarts itself. feels like it's made for a left handed person.horrible sucks. lasted less than a week

I'm giving this phone five stars simply because it is a really competent phone. It has done everything I have wanted it to do and its cheap.

I love this phone.  I had bought a prepaid phone that uses Net10 and had problems with it right away and got very lousy service.  Gave up and bought this phone.  I love the features and when I called AT & T got really great customer service.  No problems with phone and like the apps on it.  So much better than having a contract phone!

I'm really upset with the delivery of this product. My PHONE was sitting outside my front door when I got home from work. Mind you I stay in some apartments and I get home at 11:30 pm. I felt like a delivery notice should have been left on my door being that no one was there to sign for the package. Just imagine if someone would've stolen it from my front door. As far as the product I'm very happy with it so far.

Im very happy with this phone. I first had a HTC one xl and replaced it with an iphone 4s, after the Iphone i got this phone, and transferred my regular plan to this phone instead of having to use a go plan. The touch reaction time on this phone is extremely fast. The only problem i had was my battery was defaulted, but thats not really the actual phones fault. After ordering a new battery my phone was as good as new

I had the phone for 2 months when the camera stopped working, with no damage to the phone, so warranty replaced. 2months later the camera stops working again on the new phone! Getting rid of it!

Broke within one month, just in time for the return to expire. gave me a lot of problems now wont charge or turn on.

I really like this phone overall however I do have one thing that really bothers me. The phone only supports one notification tone. This tone covers everything from emails , texts, out of wifi range etc. This is annoying as half the time I end up ignoring it because I get the notification so much and I end up missing texts . I sent an email to the manufacturer in hopes that they would possibly put out a software update for the phone which would allow for different notifications . Thats why I only gave it 1 star. However if this were to change I would definitely give it a much better rating.

I wanted to switch back to android form my lumia 520 (love windows phone, just hate the lack of support on it form app developers). The phone has great specs for the price.Pros:1. Battery Life is great2. big Screen3. Front camera if your into skype or pictures (front camera is not great though)Cons:1. When i call people most 90% out of all of them say they hear an echo when talking to me (them not me). so i have to turn the volume way down when talking on it, sucks as i use this phone for work alot.2. I have had issues with the screen not responding some times (not a lot but every now and then and its only for a second)3. alot of bloatware.overall this is a great low budget option, but if your willing to sacrifice the front camera and .5 inches on the screen, the Radiant might e better for you.

I just got this yesterday and I am loving this phone. I upgraded from an Avail 2 and I'm so glad I did. This phone is beautiful, fast, and a joy to use. I recently switched to AT&T from Net10. AT&T customer support is SO MUCH BETTER. This phone has a smaller sim card than the Avail 2 so I couldn't put the old sim card into the Z998. So I had to call customer support to have my number changed to this new phone and it took less than half the time it always takes with Net10 and the person actually spoke english. Glad I switched to AT&T and this wonderful phone.

My daughter purchased this phone and the camera stopped working within 2 hours of purchase.  We failed to ask the right questions at the ATT store, thinking that they would honor the warranty if there was a problem.  HAHAHA!!! Nope.  We had to utilize the warranyt support line.  AND EACH phone we have received under the warranty program had cameras that would not work.  The local ATT store said&#34;We are sorry but...( fill in with whatever lame BS reason) The ATT phone line did exchange out the phones quickly but gave us no other options but to continue exchanging the Z998 over and over and over and over....  They want to charge me full price to get another make of touch screen phone (and not a very reasonable price either).  So go ahead and pass on this one and get something far far away from ATT.  I have had nothing but trouble with this phone and would only recommend this to my worst enemy.

Probably should be a 5, but as I tell my friends (first time had a smart phone), I have a smarter phone than me.  My friend has a older Samsung that cost several hundred dollars a few years ago, and this one does all that his does..........I will have to figure out how to have two people on at one time and not lose of the them------but will surely figure that out.  Really like it so far.  And with AT@T, if you get a phone for them the plan is 45 dollars more a month, and with buying this one on my own, no increase in cost. Pays for itself in less than four months.  WOW

Pros:  This is one of the few prepaid phones that can get 4G/LTE service, which is much faster than my old phone's 3G and below.  It has good reception, and can get pretty good signal in my house which has radiant barrier in the attic, which is like a tin foil hat for the house hindering any electromagnetic signals.  I haven't noticed any dropped calls or significant static while talking on it.  Pretty speedy processor, good enough for everyday tasks like checking email, music, etc.  Display is bright and crisp, even outside.  Pretty modern version of android (4.1).Cons:  Even though the processor is reasonably fast, it does lag slightly when using larger apps like the Chrome browser and bigger games.  Having multiple apps running causes a lot of lag as well.  This may be also because of the limited 1gb (actually a little less) ram.  There is only about 2.7 gb of onboard rom to install apps on, so can't install tons of apps.  Alot is taken up by the usual google and ATT bloatware which cannot be uninstalled unless rooted.  Camera resolution is mediocre.  The phone is a little big for my hands, but hey, it's a bigger screen which is nice.For the price I can't complain very much.  This is far better than my previous phones, and I didn't have to spend much for it.  I use it on the Straight talk BYOP plan, and it works great (still uses the ATT network).

This gophone from AT&T is a wonderful upgrade from the previous phone I had. It has front & rear cameras, a flash for the rear camera. Takes great photos, utube videos are awesome. Easy to use, very happy with phone.

I was a little hesitant to get it as my other phones were just flip phones, I have had it for a month now and I love it.  It was very easy to set up and I find it very easy to use.  I would definitely recommend this phone.

i really liked the phone. It did everything i needed it to do and more. It always seemed to respond quickly.

Got this phone today. Great solution for a non contract phone. My husband who loves android products loved it. Excellent resolution and clarity.Just ordered one for myself. One does not have to spend a lot and yet still have quality.

This is my first smart phone.  My husband has an iphone and I like this phone better.  I like the voice recognition for texting.  It is usually much quicker for me.I purchased this phone for my AT&T; wireless service thinking that I could use it only for wifi and not have to get a data plan.  The man at the AT&T; store said that was not true.  Since it is a smart phone, it requires a data plan.  I was upset so he set it up for me anyway without a data plan.  So unless your old phone has the same small chip you will need to go into the store to get a new chip for regular AT&T; service. It does work great using just the wifi feature.Amazon sells an inexpensive case for it that works well also.

You pay for what you get. It does what u want it to do though. Its an alright phone. Unless you have high expectations you won't be disappointed.

Awesome phone ! Does everything ! Super fast ! Easy to use ! $25 a month for 250mins. and unlimited text is awesome too !

I wanted to replace the AT&T Z431 that i had been using for the past year. I saw this and the good reviews so i bought it. I have to say im pretty happy, it's really good for being a go phone, it's pretty fast as other people has stated not the fastest but still pretty quick especially for the price i expected less but was pleasantly surprised, it does not get very hot after heavy usage like gaming and always having the screen on, it does get warm, nothing too bad thou. Battery is good even during heavy usage, gaming, web browsing etc.if barley used it will last for days i have the brightness all the way down and always stop apps if im not using them and turn off data and WiFi when not being used and the battery lasts a good amount of time i did not count the exact amount of days. All in all a good go phone that surprisingly does not suck and is worth the money very happy, your experience may differ but my experience with this phone has been good so far. Recommend this phone.

i had used this phone for like 4 days now and it worked pretty fine to me, very few flaws dat i dislike but wasnt big enough to bother me or anyone really, very good phone n i loved it :) its pretty fast too for a cheap phone also

I've had an at&t; go phone account for years now. This phone is my latest upgrade. Works great. Holds a micro sim card so i had to have at&t; transfer info from my older regular sized sim card to the micro sim. Also transfered all contacts. No issues. Nice large screen for a Go Phone. Seems lot faster then my older phone and wifi faster. Good product so far.NOTE: After one week i will say this by far is my all time favorite Go Phone. Very pleased with its performance, wifi speed and quality.

Works perfect its super fast, its a great smart phone for your money I love that I can use it for a go phone

Easy to use. All your apps on three screens. Just slide across. My fiance wants one now. Ordered it tonight.

good product at a great price

I only use this phone for talking and texting and the touch screen is great!  It's fairly easy to adjust the settings.  The font size is adjustable... I have it large enough so that I don't need to put my glasses on.  Since I don't use the phone often the charge holds for several days.  Overall I'm happy with this purchase.

Short Review:piece of junk. don't waste your money. Save your money and put it towards a decent phone from a name brand manufacturer.Long Review:I bought this phone as a temporary phone after I sold my top-tier Android phone. I simply do not understand how anyone can give this phone a good rating. I'm guessing all of the positive reviews are from people who have never actually owned a decent top-tier android phone; or this was their first smart phone. I bought this phone because the specs made it look half-way decent. It boasts 1gb Ram (for processing), a 1200 mhz dual-core processor, a 5 megaixel cameral, and a 4.5" display.This phone is a perfect example of how specs on a sheet of paper are NOT the same as actual functioning. Long story short, the phone is VERY slow and gets hung up all the time, despite claiming to have a dual-core processor and 1 gb of Ram. It's quite comical when I read the reviews saying this is a fast phone. It's anything but fast. It simply can't handle much. It even freeze up as I scrolled through my home screens! Pathetic. I actually still have my 5 year old iPhone (that has much less specs than this phone) and it never got hung up like this. It was just so frustrating to use. Loading emails was also super slow and annoying to have to wait 30 seconds to a minute for the phone to load a simple email. And yes, as it did so, it would also get hung up or stuck sometimes in the process.The camera is also horrible. Takes very bad pics; very grainy. The screen is just okay...until you look at someone else's phone and see how gray and grainy it looks. People who say it has a nice screen have never owned a decent phone before. Walk into a store that sells real phones (e.g., iphone or galaxy) and you will be amazed how good they look compared to this screen.My biggest gripe was the slow processing and the bad camera. It got hung up and processed things so slow, I felt like running it over with my car. The camera is actually a waste of time. Don't fool yourself into thinking you're actually going to be able to use the camera and get good pics. I like taking pictures of my toddler and the pics were horrible.Oh, and one more major problem...the battery is horrible. Another lie. It claims to have a 2070 milli-amp battery, but it would fly through power in no time. There was once when I used the phone to check the internet and email, and within 40 minutes it went from fully charged to completely dead!

Love this phone! It's fast to the touch! And it shipped here super fast! If you're thinking about getting a new phone I'd get this one!

This phone works well, although the battery now discharges faster then I would like. I have consumer cellular. When I am out it is 4g lte.  Nice size screen.

Great phone. I love it!!!!

Just got this phone today and have been playing with it for awhile, wow, this phone is really super fast! The screen is beautiful, easy to navigate, and very easy to use. Although this phone came with a micro sim card, I wanted to replace this phone with a generic galaxy 4S and use the sim card from that one, however it doesn't work even after I trimmed the old sim card to fit. Will be going to the AT&T in the morning to help me out, other than that, great phone!

GREAT PHONE I LOVE IT. DOES WHAT I NEED IT TO DO. EASY TO USE. I PURCHASED THIS PHONE BECAUSE OF THE REVIEWS I READ.

Gave this to my son as a Christmas present to replace an HTC Windows 8 phone that has needed to be replaced twice within 8 months. My son is digging the Android system. There were a lot of apps that were not available on the Windows platform. He is able to snapchat and instagram now typical teenager stuff.Battery life seems to be good. Bluetooth and wireless work great. I will try and update this in 6 months.

The phone is okay . It gets the job done with texting and calling but if you are a big texter/internet surfer I would not recommend this phone. While texting it will freeze up on you or it can't handle the speed of your fingers if you are a fast texter. When surfing the internet it can be slow and kicks you out of the web page and brings you to the home screen. Like I said this gets the job done and for the price you can't expect a high tech smart phone out of this.

I will start by saying I had an iphone for 4 years before some thief stole mine in Ensenada, Mexico. Hey, I was looking for reason to get a new one anyway. Okay, bearing that in mind, I decided since I did not have a contract anymore I was going to keep it that way. So, I got a Go Plan with AT&T. This handheld appeared to be the best solution. Well, its less than "meh" at best. It might because, in part,  I am still getting use to an Android platform. But, that does not explain why this phone seems to stall out and you have restart it. Think GM Cobalt car stopping for no reason without the fatality. This phone is that car. It have been described as a bit "glitchy". I think that is high praise. Also, there are a lot of preloaded apps. Shocking I know. There are too many better options out there and I can not recommend buying this in good conscious. Last thing to keep in mind, if choose this phone with the AT&T plan  previously mentioned, you WILL get pop ups. Sounds crazy but true. You want to send a text or an e-mail? Well, you better be prepared to "X" out that box want to know if your family home income is less than $80,000 first. You are stopped mid stride. Keep it classy AT&T.

It was actually a gift fire my daughter. She was ecstatic when it arrived in the mail. She loves it and is glad with her choice in her first Android phone.

I have one and bought a second as a gift to my daughter.  It is the latest Android version and features are equal to much more expensive devices.  I also do not use a data plan which is easy to disable via the settings.  At home, employer, and many commercial places have WI-FI.  WI-FI only is adequate for me to stay in touch and save a ton of money.  I use a low end prepaid voice plan which works great for me.

This is my first smart phone. It worked immediately when i installed the Consumer Cellular sim card from my Samsung flip phone in. I did call Consumer Cellular for them to update the IMEI number in their system. I have avoided smart phones because of my perception of  the high cost of data plans. since switching to Consumer Cellular, we are now using their cafeteria style of plan offering: 3 phones (iphone 4, a flip phone, and this ATT Z998) with shared 500mb monthly data, 5,000 texts and 1,000 minutes) will cost us around $80/month. If you want more or less data or minutes, you pay accordingly. I'm still learning the features of the phone, but it is mostly intuitive and not hard to do. I also have the cell data OFF, and use only wifi for data under normal circumstances, therefore using no cell system provided data for internet activity. If i am away from home or other wifi source i just turn cell data on and it works perfectly.

We bought two, for my wife and myself. Had them activated at the local ATT corporate store. The phones work very well and we are enjoying the benefits of a smartphone for the first time. Be aware that if you have the phones activated on a no-contract share plan, as we did, you might experience some hiccups with the billing. All the phone companies are known for &#34;hidden&#34; charges, and ATT is no different. When dealing with them, stick to your guns, and deal with the local corporate store as much as possible to have those charges credited back to your account.

I swore I'd never get a smart phone, but when we switched to shared data family plan on AT&T, I thought i'd give this a try. I don't think you can beat this for the price, since you own the phone day 1! The camera is so-so and video recording is poor, but that's what my Nikons are for. Display is bright and renders color well. apps are snappy and controls are well laid out. make sure you &#34;discover&#34; the summary status screen behind the wallpaper. Just swipe top to bottom from the home screen and you can access 90% of what you might ever need - calls, messages, emails, settings, turn data/wifi/bluetooth on and off. I'm hooked.

This is my second replacement first one stop working and second one came to me damaged so i hope the new one works better

My daughter loves the phone and hasn't complained about it as of yet.  So to me that is a win.  Decent size, good performance and value priced.

I chose this rating because this is a good quality prepaid smartphone. It has a nice size that fits comfortably i your band, It isn't bulky, lightweight and much more.Pros: great resolution, big screen display (4.5 inch diagonal), pictures are o.k. (come out best with good lighting), holds a charge for about 2 1/2 days from being fully charged till complete dead,Cons: MMS video quality very blurry, photos come out really dark with poor lighting, camera stops working for no reason (have to restart phone), sometimes phone acts a little glitchy,

Tis is one of the best phones that I have bought. Huge screen, easy to use, takes great pictures and is light. The only thing that is not that great is the battery life.

Love the phone. Easy to use, accesses internet quickly. Light weight, just the right screen size for all my browsing and email

Purchased this phone because my wife and daughter purchased the same exact thing 2 months ago from Amazon without problems. We have service with a different carrier than ATT. These phones are pre-paid so you own them and from what I read online, they should be unlocked and you can use with any carrier in accordance with a FCC regulation that went into effect this year which all carriers had to jump on board with by May 2014. Their phones worked fine, unpacked them, put in sim card and it worked great, this is with the pre-paid wireless service through WalMart (It is either Straight Talk or Family Mobile which I think are both under T-Mobile). I get my phone, put in my sim card and get a msg saying that the phone is networked locked and a pin number is needed to unlock it for use on other networks. I call AT&T, go through 5 agents who tell me that there is no way the phone is usable on other networks. But they have no explanation why the other two phones I bought through Amazon which are the same model, works. I mentioned the FCC regulation that went into effect this year regarding that phones should be unlock and they know nothing about it. Even though you own the phone outright you cannot use it anywhere else unless you use it for 6 months with them then you have to submit an online request for PERMISSION FROM ATT to use the phone elsewhere. They have the right to deny it or approve it. Total waste of money, which is a shame because my wife and daughter love their phone. Still don't understand how their's was unlocked and mine isn't. Guess the lesson learned is only buy a phone that is not originally network specific - something that is specifically unlocked form the manufacturer. Do not buy a phone that is made just for that carrier, especially AT&T. So now I have to see if it can be returned to Amazon or I am out the money.
