
I'm a bit upset for we buy product thru an american business and we spend american money so why would we not expect  the instructional book to be in english??  When I figure out the phone and all it's use's I will write another review on how it works.

It is simple and reliable I'm so happy to have it definitely it has met my values. This product is the best

I just got these 2 hours ago. &#34;Please excuse I don't mean to be rude, but tonight I lovin it!&#34;anyways this phone is really really great!!! Way better than my Note 2 and S4 that I got tired off.My HTC One and my Iphone 5S was awesome but nothing compare to my S4 and Note 3.Just-ju-Just get one! You'll love it!!!Theres some difference when I bought my Note 3 & 2 between my Note. The Note 2 & 3 that I ordered from Mercate(There cool) it had a manual with a different language I don't understand, and it doesn't come with a adapter.Unlike my Note from Hassle Free, it came with English Manual and Adapter,-But its cool, I trust both.Got the Note 3 with no regret and its powerful feature & multitasking-for anywho people/ But for geeks like me-no words(Just get it)

Still trying to understand it but it is like having a mobile office I do almostall my computer work. Need the note 4 now so I can give my wife the note 3

The only comment is that the Manual came in a language that I could not read any of the words there... probably Russian or some other country close of there...

Everything was perfect. Great speed. Everything I asked for. It wasn't to difficult changing from French to English . I would buy it again tomorrow. Lol and just might. For my girl.

This phone has everything and I mean everything! I use the note 3 for everything &#34;work/personal&#34; more than my laptop or ps3. it has a lot of features that you can find online, but in the end it's worth it!

Oh ya! Works great, huge screen,blazing fast. Just know what model you need for you network. In this case its. -Tmobile

The seal was broken when I received it. Although Samsung indicates clearly that do not accept if the seal is broken, I accepted it to save me a potential huge amount of trouble by bearing a huge amount of risk. It is reasonable to assume all the unlocked Note 3 this seller sells are open box. I do believe seller should indicate this situation. However, I bought this for my wife. She thought she can live with that so I leave it alone. I didn't even bother to find out where the phone came from. It could be from Europe, it could be from Asia. Any way, for others who are interested in buying from this seller, be aware of the risk you are taking.

GREATFantastic Product THE service was as expected,  I recomend this android over the dual solution of Idev. 4 the phone + 1 dev 4 tablet phabkt Rules!!!

This phone could've been the best if only Samsung didn't apply their heinous SIM region lock on this phone (and also SGS4 that was manufactured after July 31st).I recommend you avoid purchasing this phone unless you never plan to fly abroad.This thread on the XDA Developers forum is filled with information about the situation:[...]To sum it up:- All unlocked phones come with a black-list of countries where it cannot be used (Most common black-listed countries are in the Middle East and Asia but some also include Europe, Australia, etc).- It seems that all unlocked phones are working in the USA.- At the moment of this review, it is possible to purchase an 'unlock code' from a shady Russian website for $25. How well and how long will this solution work is unknown.

I love this phone

We all know that the new Galaxy note 3 is the talk of the town but some people whom want the phone but don't want to get roped into a contract will purchase an unlocked version of the phone. But before you buy the unlocked version their is some information you need to know about the different models of the phone(s). The Galaxy Note 3 was released in many country's on every continent. Although anyone can buy the phone from any country; each model was made to work on different frequencies. In this review I am going to go over each model of the Galaxy Note 3 and the services recommended for use with them.But First everyone may be asking about the Region lock attached to the phones. Yes before the phones are unlocked their are region locks attached to the different models forcing them to only accept SIM cards from their designated country's. But after unlocked the Region locks are removed. Does this mean that all models will work everywhere, no, but I will be going over if the phone will work in your region after the locks are removed in the model descriptions below.Second the different levels of service. Depending on your area and the service towers available their you will get different letters to indicate service level and the speed you're getting. Below are the most common levels and their average speeds in order for your reference during the Model review.1. E = EDGE/GSM: When getting this sign you are getting the weakest signal for your phone but are still getting non-roaming signal for general calls and text. I advise if this is your areas mane signal strength you have a Wi-Fi signal avalible for the data internet conection.2. G = 2G/GSM: When the G is showing you are getting remedial signal but still pretty strong. Calls and Text's will be flawless and you will be able to do general internet surfing but you will not be loading any HD videos or have perfect connection to online only game's. With this I still recommend a Wi-Fi signal in your house if you plan on using the internet in these areas.3. H = 3G-/HSPA: This signal is classified as 3G but runs a little slower depending on how close you are to the main tower. If you're getting a good amount of bars with signal will do flawless calls, text's, and you'll be able to comfortable able to surf the internet and load videos at a max of 480P (360P recommend for best result).4. 3G = 3G+/GSM/HSPA: This is the full 3G speed and will be also flawless with calls, text's, and be able to stream video like netflix(Recommended 460P), play online games, and surf the internet fast and easy.5. H+ = 4G-/GSM/HSPA+: This is the signal that most first generation 4G phones use. Perfect for all light movie watchers, and small business people. Flawless calls, text's, and the internet is speedy. H+ although fast has been known to be faulty in a lot of area's and was quickly replaced. If you've got this signal it's still 4G but it's kind of like the EGDE version of 4G.6. 4G = 4G/GSM/HSPA+: This is the 4G signal that most 2010-2012 4G phones use such as the Galaxy S series (Sept for the S4) Although this is a very fast and reliable it is not LTE but for the average person whom just watched movies and plays online games on their phone this signal is more than enough to give you a crisp fast feel and load HD movies (720P Recommended but not limited to.)7. 4G LTE = 4G+/GSM/LTE: This is the current signal that everyone is going after. It is lighting fast and is the most reliable for non-stop videos, gaming, and downloading.Now for the common phone models:1. SM-N9000 3G = International/Made for Travelers: This is the international model. This one has a dual quad core processor running at 1.9 GHz Cortex/1.3 GHz A7. The reason for the processor being change is because this phone is meant to work everywhere their is a GSM signal and kicks threw the different processors to maximize signal strength. The N9000 CAN NOT to 4G speeds of any kind. This is due to most country not having 4G signal and that a lot of county's run on different cell frequencies. By removing the 4G radios this phone can pick up way more cell frequencies then the other models. This phone is not made for people looking for Data speed this is made for travelers whom want a reliable way to have cell service no matter where they are. Don't despair about the data or processing speed this phone still has Wi-Fi connection available and can breeze though 3D games; you shouldn't even notice a speed difference when doing tasks.2. SM-N9005 4G LTE = European Model/International: This model contains the regular 2.3 GHz Snapdragon Processor. This phone unless unlocked is Region locked to only European SIM cards, after unlocked their is no region lock. Although this phone is an LTE phone it can only get LTE frequencies while in Europe. When you take this phone out of Europe it will get international signals but will not get LTE, when this phone is in the USA is will get H+ (Reference above) signal maximum.3. SM-N9002 3G = China Model/Select Counties: This model is not LTE or 4G compatible. This was the First generation of the Note 3 released and is considered the Beta. With all the same hardware as the LTE version this phone will still preform flawless tasks.4. SM-N900W8 4G LTE = China Model/Select Counties: This model will only get LTE in select counties and I advise you check with your service provider to see what signal you will be getting. This model is completely subjective as to what frequencies of LTE you will be about to get. Example: Imagine you are in Europe and you are in a city and get LTE. Then you move to another city and you lose LTE this is because the first city runs on an LTE frequency the the phone can get but the second city although may offer LTE to most cell phone; does not offer LTE on a frequency this phone can't run on.5. SM-N900A 4G LTE = USA AT&T;/Worldwide: This phone is International but you need to consult AT&T; to see if you city or county can get LTE service or not. This phone once unlocked will work on Straight Talk, Solavei, T-Mobile, and any other GSM based network. Note: When using T-Moble, Solavei, or other services that piggy-back on the T-Mobile towers you can get LTE service but depending on your area you may not get 3G. If you live in a 3G area consult your carrier to see is the frequencies for 3G match up with this phone. (This review for the AT&T; model can change at anytime due to AT&T;'s bootloader)6. SM-N900T 4G LTE = USA T-Mobile: This phone when unlocked can get all USA frequencies. Example: You will have no problems using a AT&T; SIM card with this phone and even get 4G LTE threw any service whom provides is. The N900T model is the most versatile model out of them all and if you plan on getting one I recommend going to a T-Mobile store and purchasing this model outright. Unlocking this phone is easily done threw calling T-Mobile and even using YouTube for an unlocking video.So out of all the models the N900T is the most versatile, but unlike the N900A (The second most versatile) the N900T is harder to find online already unlocked so you will most likely need to buy if from the store and unlock it yourself.I hope this review has helped with you decision about what unlocked version to buy.If you have an questions or addition to the review please leave a comment.Video review of phone Specs and features coming soon.

As I usually don't use official samsung software I recommend for the adventurers to try some custom roms you get a whole lot out of your phone.

Phone tooo big, prefer a phone that fits in my pocket.  Nice quality of pictures, but really prefer the  button for taking photos not to on the screen.  I much prefer the windows phone.  My windows phone was much much easier to learn and use.  Map program voice awful and hard to find to change.This not the phone for me, rec'd as gift.

It says in the description that the product is new. It isn't. The package was opened before, and the original owners or the sellers put their own tape on it. It said, DO NOT OPEN IF THE SEAL HAD BEEN OPENED. How ironic.

The best phone I've ever had. It's super fast and the size of screen is the right one. The S pen utility is really useful for business purposes like mine. Some people do not like the extra layer of software Samsung and other manufacturers put over Android but I have to say that Samsung's TouchWiz is almost perfect. Moreover, this phone has so many options to customise it that I still find a new one every day after 1 month.

These folks have a website which doesn't work or correspond to their business. They sell imitation devices, when you pay full price for unlocked phones, they come with the official factory safety seal already broken which states &#34;Void Product Authenticity if Seal is Broken&#34;.  They swap out parts and batteries prior to shipping out. Their operation is under investigation by the FBI.

4G LTE doesn't work, for me the LTE is the most important thing in the device and it doesn't work.And when I contact that saller he was so slow in responding. I think that he did that to reach the deadline day and stick me with this phone.It was really bad experience for me

The best choice

Charger for this phone is not right, i was sent an adapter which is not right either - i am negotiating with the seller for the last 20 days but in vain- this was my first major purchase from amazon and i am not very much satisfied with this.The charger even does not fit in to the adapter to charge the phone, and i am unable to charge the phone - every time i have to charge my phone i borrowed it from my friend who has the same phone, i think by writing this amazon will be able to resolve this problem with the seller.Thank you

I just switched from being a very long time Apple phone user to my first Android.  This phone is awesome!  If you've been on the fence, do it!  Amazon has great customer service!

wrong specification shown by seller for the phone.it does not have lte 4g in usa.only gives 3g..selling stolen phones from europe

I was afraid of getting it due to the &#34;regional locking&#34; complaints - but my aging eyes really needed the nice big screen.  I made sure to activate it in the US with my T-Mobile PAYG, and it works fine on that (the 4G is nice when available) - and was happy it took my 3 UK and Orange Spain SIMs just fine.  I sold my iPhone 5 on ebay and it even inspired me to get rid of my iPad and get the Samsung Galaxy 10.1 2014 edition!

I've been an iPhone user for three years but I wanted more. Note 3 is the best machine ever. You can do anything with this beast. Great features, Android works smooth. Emulators, launchers!! this thing is great. Best phone of 2013

it was great and i love alot i love shopping on amazom it makes me feel really good in side

By far my worst amazon purchase. The seller neglected to say that this was a European phone and as such has a region sim lock for the area. It is currently being sold on Amazon as unlocked but it is far from that. Poor.........

PHONE 100% QUALITY AND FUNCTIONAL, GOOD CONDITION AND ORIGINAL FEATURES MEET THE SPECIFIED IN THIS PUBLICATION ARE 100% RECOMMEND TO SHOPPING FOR ...

Last year I owned the Galaxy Note 2. I thought it was a near perfect phablet, except for just two main areas for improvement: Screen resolution/sunlight legibility, and after a while there was noticeable slowdown after too many apps were installed. Now that I have the Note 3, things are getting very very interesting....Lets do this review by bulletin points for easier viewing:PROS:1) The biggest and most obvious different when you first pick this up is the screen. There are a handful of improvements:* The resolution has been upgraded to 1080p(from 720p). You can noticeably tell that it is crisper.* You will also find out that it is a bit brighter. For us geeks, that means Samsung has upped the brightness levels to an incredible and unheard of 660 cd/m2 max(when auto brightness is turned on).* Sunlight legibility is MUCH improved over the Note 2. However, it is still not as good as the HTC One's screen. The Super AMOLED has AWESOME contrast levels(velvety deep blacks). As a whole however, and because of its Pentile pixel system, it comes just a bit short of the HTC One's Super LCD 3. It is really nitpicking though, so you won't ever regret this.2) This phone flies, almost literally. The Samsung Exynos Octa-core/Snapdragon 800 processors mean this thing will hardly ever lag, and 3GB of RAM means you can multi-task to your heart's content!3) Improved S-Pen hardware/software mean it's no longer a gimmick gadget from the original Note. Too much to describe all the functions, and you can do without it for most functions. But business users will really appreciate this once you work on productivity/design apps.4) All those software features! Granted, you can do without most of them for day-to-day things, but being there nonetheless means it will improve your ease of use. The are also too many to go through all, I but what I love most is the Smart-Stay, which uses the front camera to monitor that you're looking at the screen and won't dim/turn off, which is super duper useful for when you are reading the news/web pages, etc., holding the phone up with one hand, and your other hand is pre-occupied. No more having to shuffle around to tap the screen when it auto-dims to bring the brightness back up. This is especially and specifically useful for me when I'm reading in bed on my Pulse News app.5) The sound is noticeably louder as well. It doesn't have that immersive stereo effect of the HTC One's dual stereo speakers, but by itself it is louder. This is useful when you are in a noisy environment, and having one loud speaker is more useful than having two immersive speakers that are softer and harder to hear. As good as the HTC One sounds, I hate that for most things like music and video, it is so darn soft and frustrating. I now appreciate this one loud speaker setup more for regular everyday outdoors use.6) Having a huge battery means I can do whatever the heck I want with it, and even after heavy use I can still not have to charge it until I'm in bed at night. The one thing that frustrates me most about the HTC One is this very flaw - I literally have to be near a charger/portable charger ALL THE TIME. I just use it to read the news for about 30-40 minutes and 20% will already be gone. And when I charge it, it trickle charges like a turtle! With the Note 3, being able to replace the battery is an added plus, and the USB 3 port means it can charge very quickly. But even these two advantages cannot compare to the simple fact that it has a huge-capacity battery in the first place.CONS:There are few things you can nitpick, like the design/material quality - for a flagship device it still feels a bit chintzy, not like the premium look and feel of the HTC One or even the Sony/Nokia phones. With rumors of a new Galaxy line, this may be changed very soon though. Also, the Touchwiz user interface can be hit or miss. It's not for everyone, that's for sure. Luckily, being Android means we'll never have to settle. My recommendation - especially if you like the simple/minimalistic look, is Smart Launcher Pro. Try the free lite version and see for yourself.I can't think of much else really to fault this phone, except for the fact that simply for what it is: It's a niche machine that's half tablet/half phone - it will never satisfy you as a tablet replacement(I feel the perfect size for video/game usage is the 8-9 inch range), and it will frustrate you as a phone because you can never comfortably hold it, and do all the things you need one-handed(I feel the perfect size for a PHONE is the Apple 5/5S). But if you can compromise to this form factor and accept it for what it is, then there is no better alternative. This is a nearly flawless phablet with an brilliant screen, powerful hardware, useful software, and awesome battery life.

I am very happy with my phone because i can use it in europe also. i got it very fast and it works great i love the prone

I don't like the baterry life is too short.the price is ok . And it take too many day ship

When you buy a phone, it is yours.But Samsung is not selling phones anymore.Samsung is selling use license.I moved on to NEXUS 5.It is not about hacking the Galaxy Note 3.Android was born as an open source project:[...]Region Lock is a proprietary move against Open Source Philosophy:[...]Samsung should move from Android Platform to Windows or other proprietary one.

I believe many people and sites already cover the capabilities and the &#34;jambo manjo&#34; of this device, so I won't take my time with that.To help people out there from Brazil, this device (N9005) is compatible with Vivo, Tim, Claro and OI networks. I tested the one I bought with chips from all these providers and they all worked without any problem.

An excellent cellphone. Music Player chatting gadget and I'm very happy to have it. I used it also for my business meeting.

Its amazing just wish i had that 4g lte but besides that its a great phone good job you guys

Although the Galaxy Note 3 phone itself is an absolute beauty, beware of the misleading title: you will receive a European Sim Model, which will be SIM locked to who-knows-which region. Possibly Germany. Maybe Germany. I'm assuming Germany, because after a factory reset, everything is in German. Then, you'll have to look for an unlock code online. Around $30-$40 for the code, which may or MAY NOT work. Basically, if you're located in the Americas, avoid purchasing this one, look for a US model. Damn Samsung, enforcing region-locking...

This is the phone sold in UK, which prohibits the use of upper 5GHz band for Wi-Fi. (5745-5825MHz. See [...]I had difficulty in connecting Wi-Fi APs on upper 5GHz band in US.Don't know how to change its Wi-Fi regional setting.I also noted that the seal was broken.

I bought it as a gift for my mom and she likes it very much. The phone works excellently in China.

This is more than just a phone.  It is an everything device.  It is my phone, my calendar for my work and home all tied into one beautiful calendar that is so easy to use.  It tells me the weather, keeps me up-to-date on social events and news.  The pen is so cool and easy to use.For texting, you can simply speak the words and it is so accurate.  The size is great as it makes everything easy to read.  I just purchased a Bose bluetooth head set to go with it and it is great to, which will be reviewed on that item.The phone quality is excellent, sound, picture, to watch movies is awesome on this device.  It is also my electronic reader - you don't need a tablet or a cell phone, just this one device.  I love it!!!!!

I bought the phone for my wife's christmas and she loves it.. she always had iPhones but i converted her to the galaxy nation.LOLshe loves it cause the screen is a lot bigger , easier to download Apps, take quick notes, it charges super fast, and the battery last very long plus may more,,  also I bought it with the galaxy gear watch that makes it more fun for her.

While i had some difficulty in understanding that this phone only worked with a select set of service providers, Shopebest was extremely responsive to my need to return the phone.  They were very helpful in processing the return transaction, and I greatly appreciate their professional attitude.

I ordered 2 of this cell phone as present because AMAZON has a very good reputation,  however when I returned back to EGYPT I found both cell phones are unfortunately locked and need PIN code to activate SIM Network and unlocking the phone.Please help me to solve this problem

I bought this phone used and I have received a clone, not the original ..! is very similar, to see the box and the phone appears to be original, but to use it and see the functions, the camera was able to give me realize that it is a clone. two months that I made the purchase and listing the problem now because I am in Venezuela and I used an international courier to bring it up here makes

Love it!

Only few complains about battery life from the user

I love Note 3 and nothing to complain about it.The Note 3 I received is not Samsung Factory Unlocked, instead it was a device made for Orange-France (Orange is a mobile network like AT&T; here in US) which is unlocked. The device started in French and I had to trip it to English. Inside it had many Orange network apps which I didn't wanted. I couldn't delete many of them.I would have given a 1 star rating since the description of this product didn't say anything about Orange-France and it was a waste of my time in this order also I beard the postal cost to return it back.But I gave 3 stars only because of the cooperation this store provided to ease the return process. They have refunded my money promptly.But I still recommend if you are okay getting a Orange network phone. After all the phone was good, just that I didn't like it as it had inbuilt apps which may not bother others.

I purchased a galaxy note 3. Because it was international unlocked phone. But it stops getting signals after a month and a half. I tried really hard to make this thing works with my t mobile carrier,  I called t mobile customer service 5 times to solve the issue but, they couldn't figure out the problem. Then I called Samsung customer service and they told me that, I have to call Samsung Hong Kong, Because this is a HongKong Made device. So I called them (Hong Kong) but they are not willing to deal with this issue. They said that I can only use this phone within HongKong. I paid $799 for this product but still cannot use with my carrier. And there is no &#34;contact seller&#34; button my order page. Dont purchase from this seller if you want to use this phone within the USA...

outstanding product, can't ask  for more .

THEY ARE CALLED WorldWide DistributorsBE CAREFULL DONT BUY FROM THEM, THEY WILL REAP YOU OFF WITH HIDDEN COSTDON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON SOME IMITATION COMPANY AND ITS AWEFULL GOODS WITH THE HIGHEST DEGREE OF POOR DECIETFUL SERVICE.BE WARNED, I WAS JUST TRICKED AND CAN'T LET ANY ONE MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE.

the product is excellent because it contain a lot of features that other phone does not have such as clear screen and 13MB.

Do not buy phones from Verizon to use on AT&T.; I bought the note 3 from Verizon and the description said that it could be used for AT&T.; But when I tried to activate the phone they said I couldn't use it with AT&T.; NOT EVEN OVER 3G!!!So read the fine print when you purchase the phone. But it's an awesome phone when I use it over WIFI.

before buying galaxy note 3 I had blackberry and I got many problem with it. but with this stuff I gotta say I'm happy now.

So far so good.

Worked in Israel too (but I did use it first with an american sim).All was fantastic.

I have no problems with mine, I got mines from brownbox bonanza and it seems legit; though it didn't come with any spare s pen nibs which i thought was weird. Other than that this phone is great. Im guessing this is a european model since the plug consists of two rods and the temperature is displayed in celcius instead of fahrenheit and i cannot seem to change it. I have a tmobile sim card in and it works just fine in murica.

Don't buy this phone if you plan to travel abroad. Search the web for Galaxy Note 3 SIM Restrictions and you will see why. It seems these phones are region-locked by Samsung as an attempt to prevent grey-market imports. The phones are blocked from using SIMs from other regions - e.g. if you buy a Note 3 in Europe, you can't use a Chinese local SIM when traveling in China. Many people do this sort of thing to avoid heinous roaming charges.Samsung have stated that if the first SIM you use with the phone is one from the "home region" of the handset then the region lock is automatically lifted. However, there have been several posts from users on the web who have stated this is not the case. These users have been blocked from using local SIMs even though they had first "activated" their handset with an in-region SIM before traveling.My advice is do not buy this handset if you think you will ever need to use it abroad without paying roaming charges to your home carrier.(Thanks to Simon Jerrie for the heads-up).

excellent phone i use in venezuela whit 4g Whit Digitel and is faster and powerfull i love that phone i recomend for all peoples likes better and excellent phone

The phone is just as its described! I HAVE NO ISSUES!! works well in the Bahamas carrier! BEST PURCHASE EVER!

The screen, the camera, are the best. My last was an iphone 5. As phone all phones are the same, but this is incredible.

Phone is very good And fast. Following are few defects:1. it takes long time to charge the battery. for 50% to 100% it will take 3hrs approx. And once charge, with wifi connection it will come back to 50% in 3-4hrs even though I m not using the phone.  Just connected to wifi.2. Temperature sensor in built is not accurate. Has  error of 2-3degF Also very very slow in responce.3. Altitude readings are never correct. It can read max hight of 1000m only. Going above this height it just stick to 1000m even though u r at 10000m. And it also show negative reading while plane is landing. .4. Install any app for compass. For first 3-4 min they will never show correct direction.

Well this is for anyone wondering if this phones works with Strait talk it does but it don't get 4G just 3G and the one I got was a brand new European version N9005 And I didn't need to use a European SIM card to activate it The first time everything started perfectly and so far a have had no problems with the phone I think it's the best phone ever!!! :)

Excellent phone. No complaints whatsoever. All the positive  reviews are spot on. Phone isn't too big and the speeds are incredible. No lag time at all.

I just got one .I saw the description and the products just look exactly what they said. I recommended buying this machine .

I have owned a Samsung galaxy s4 a note 2 and this note 3. I really like Samsung products but had issues with the other two devices. The s4 was a great phone but possessed so little on board storage that it hampered it. The 5 inch screen was gorgeous but still too small for movie watching. I bought a note 2  because of the bigger screen but at the cost of resolution and a slower processor. I have wanted the note 3 since before it came out and it is the best of the two previously purchased devices combined. From the beautiful 5.7 inch screen to the very speedy processor, its everything I want in a smartphone. The s pen is great for setting reminders or other note taking. The frosting on the cake is the systems 32 GB on board storage. I know all samung s products come with expandable storage but you can't put all app data on an SD cards so large app files fill system memory quickly. This is an exceptional device with very little to complain about. I switch devices a lot but the only switch I will be making in the future will be for the eventual note 4. Until then, this phone is the best available that combines every aspect of what I want out of a smartphone.

Very fast, elegant, smart, fits well in the hand (I have big hands). The camera is fast and the pictures look great. The pen is a great accesory.

This phone is the best,hands down,i say its compared to none,not even the so called iphone 5s unless you have been sold a fake product.Great!!!.

Simply the best smartphone out there.This version supports Brazilian 4G network but keep in mind that it's LOCKED for US carriers.I had to use a alternative website to unlock it

I received my galaxy note 3 a month ago, it was working ok the first 2 weeks, after that phone turned on slow running any application and I did not download so many, then the screen became freeze pretty often and I had to restart it over and over again, finally when I get upset is because I was charging the phone and suddenly appeared a message on screen &#34;SIM CARD REMOVED REBOOT PHONE&#34; so I did not but it was not detecting the SIM CARD anymore, I replaced the SIM CARD with a new one and it did not recognize it either. After that I restore factory setting many times with not luck and contact this company for returning this item and the did not accept it. It is one month later so I do not think this is fair for me as a client. This buying has been the worst I've ever done since I started buying though amazon. Becareful

For people who troubles with setting up 3G on AT&T;, please do not ask AT&T; for the APN, they will not tell you, trust me I have gone to AT&T; stores several times, and called the tech support, and they can not help you, they will flat out tell you its not a AT&T; authorized device. So your best option is to google it. So the APN setting for AT&T;Name:AT&T; PTAAPN:ptaProxy:blankPort:blankUsername:blankPassword:blankServer:blankMMSC:blankMultimedia Message proxy: blankMultimedia message port: blankMCC 310MNC 410APN type: default, internet, mms,suplBearer: unspecifiedMobile virtual network operator type: none blank.The phone is even more awesome after its connect to data, so the best service that I received so far was from shopbest, they even offered to returned the product to tested after hearing my days of stress with AT&T;, they said if the phone has a issue, they are willing to give me my refund.

Great phone. Does everything it says. I, m still finding more great and neat things to do with it. Recomended.

This item met all my expectations! I strongly recommend it to any one out there that wants the best android experience.

This phone is amazing. It have all toys that you can get from a fablet.Please remember this is a fablet not a normal smartphone. So remember that because the size can be object for critics.I enjoy it  ... Just excellent !!!!

It's difficult for me to wrap my brain around purchasing a nearly 600 dollar TRULY Samsung manufactured phone and not have 4G service in the USA. That's just could not be possible. As an average American consumer, ALL of the Samsung quality of excellence is expected.  There are reviews that stating that this phone is a clone. In FAIRNESS to the seller, this review is  NOT based on the phone's quality because I'm not a buyer of this phone. However, the phone is being marketed as a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and as a prospective buyer I question that Samsung would present a new phone with such great features to the USA market and the phone NOT have access to  4G service which is the fastest speed. So, in FAIRNESS to all of us .... We loyal Amazon consumers I ask that my review be posted. It's only FAIR that we be told this phone IS PROBABLY NOT A TRUE SAMSUNG NOTE 3 . IT IS MORE THAN LIKELY A CLONE selling at a price pretty close to a Samsung original.  Aside from lacking 4G in the USA, this may be a great phone. I do not know but I trust Samsung reliability and all true  Samsung phones use 4G in the USA. Just  a little something for you to think about.
