
The size is great as is the camera.  You can do a lot with it and it is very fast.

its to sensitive, when you touch it, trying to answer the phone I need to have a ear piece cause holding it up and talking I sweat and cause interference . Need to learn it there is so much to learn, I think this is for the younger crowd

So far, this has been all that I expected for!  Blazzing fast, expectacular camera, the battery lasts for two days (in average), and recharging it is also quite fast (approximatly 1:30hs from fully depleted to fully charged)!And wrapping up, I did not had any problems with &#34;Region Lock&#34;!  When I received the phone (Model N9005), I actived it in the USA using a pre-paid T-Mobile SIM!  Then, when I've came back to Brazil, I've replaced it with my local Vivo SIM, without any glitches!  Everything is working perfectly here!

The operation system of cell phone was modificated.Not is The original of Samsung.Is custom for seller.Its not good for me

I tried two of them. Experienced the same problem with both and it's an ongoing issue. No signal indoors. None, Zero! No voice, no data. Again, two different phones. ATT changed the sim card 3 times; no success. iPhone in the same room with blazing signal. Samsung refueses to take responsibility. They want me to send it in for &#34;Repair!!&#34; The phone is brand new. I'll lose my job for not having a phone for 10 days. $700 phone but they won't admit that some unites are defective. I'm going to sue Samsung. Anyone interested email me at new90113@gmail.com

This phone is amazing. That pretty much sum's up the whole experience so far.I upgraded from a Nexus 4 so I wasn't expecting it to be a huge upgrade considering the Nexus 4 isn't that old, but damn! This phone has some major hardware in it! Everything loads very quick, the UI responds to my interactions almost instantly.The S-Pen was an added bonus for me as well. I wasn't expecting to use it much but it really is a fantastic tool for taking notes to remember stuff later. They also have some crazy advanced drawing/art apps that work great. Since the S-Pen/Note 3 are pressure sensitive you can do some really impressive drawing/art right on your phone! It's like a mini professional Wacom!The only downside might be the speaker, but even that was a upgrade compared to my Nexus 4 which had a terrible speaker. But you know what? The Note 3's speaker is plenty good for me!I ordered this phone on Amazon through Straight Trading, Inc. and they shipped it out via 1 day shipping within a couple hours and I had it in hand the next day in perfect condition.Setup was painless as well. All I had to do was pop out the micro-simcard from my Nexus 4 and put it in my Note 3! That was it. I then powered it on and setup all my accounts. My Google account restored all the settings/apps I had from my Nexus 4 on to my Note 3 and off I went!

Phone is working excellent and shipping on time .Just problem with factory warranty .It's hard to get warranty  .but phone is much better then I pone

when you buy in specifications not say the memory capacitywhen I got the confirmation of the purchase was saying 16GB for the price not worth

As an architect, this is the best mobile tool. It has helped with everything from work to leisure. The only thing missing is food preparation. I miss the FM radio function but it makes up for it in so many ways

By far the best phone I've ever owned. A step above the last generation and I haven't had a software/hardware/compatibility issue yet. I would recommend it to anyone who loves big screens (though its not as sharp as other phones, but still really good) and power.

Very happy. There's not much I can add to the overwhelming reviews that this product has gotten. I don't think I'll be buying another phone or tablet for a long time. This covers everything I could possible ask a device like this to do.The 9005 version will do 4K video (some of the other 900 models do not), but it's almost a non-factor. The bitrate is too low for any real quality difference. In fact, I recommend using standard 1080@60fps video recording. You will get better results. Until 4K video recording technology catches up to the level displays have gotten, 4K isn't really practical yet.This one was configured for the French market I think. So you may have standard French apps, and some language settings you need to change. Not a big deal.

This phone comes with Samsung Knox - when you root your phone to utilize apps requiring root or flash custom firmware to get rid of carrier bloatware, your warranty is permanently revoked, regardless of technical problem. So, if you have a dead pixel or a broken charging port, Samsung won't honor your warranty since you put in custom firmware. So, looks like my Samsung phone is my last Samsung phone.

super product, works great. A piece of great work by samsung, love it, and will recommend to people who love good phones

I did not even get 6 months from this phone and the battery started to swell and cracked my screen. Such a rip off I believe it was a used phone and i just paid the price for a new one.

It's very cool ! It works very good.it  2 day  battery  . S pen is very flexible.  I like it!

Although it isn't a real problem for me, I bought this phone for my partner, who doesn't speak English very well. So this was a major problem for him.I didn't find anything related to the languages in the description of the product.

Very good buy, everything is in good working order. No region lock problem. Also the ability to use it as a remote is priceless.

The Iphone is excellent, I have used Samsung Galaxy S3 before bit this one it's superior un al sense. I'm totally satisfying with my Galaxy note

Excellent phone. The  single drawback is that I have to charge the phone everyday. Needs more advanced, long lasting battery.

I bought a unlocked factory samsung note3 and received a locked, unsealed Phone and European model. I put my SIM card and the phone didn't work. Not recommend.

So I bought my completely unlocked Note 3 from the Samsung Store in Singapore.  I live in Russia, but my home is in the USA.  I asked over and over before i bought it if it was completely unlocked, no region lock , no sim lock and the Samsung store confirmed it ... well guess what! They were right, Poped my Russia MTS Sim card, boom worked no problem,  Poped my American ATT simcard in it worked too.So this i can tell you for the people worried about unlocking... it is possible to buy this phone and it does comeAs for the phone itself,  I switched from an Iphone 4 to the note 3... the leaning curve is steep.... when i show others the phone and ask for help they are completely shocked that there is zero lag when doing anything ..... very very happy with the phone

Had not had such an unpleasant experience.Expected a team with different language options, the team brings only English language and Oriental language is not common in these devices. I am not happy with this purchase, characteristics not mensionaron thi

Samsung is the new leader on the market of mobile devices and they turned evil. Now all they want is to dictate, eat money and not give a shit about anything else.This device is the first for which they introduced Region Lock, a mechanism that locks the phone and makes it unusable when you buy it in one country and use a SIM card from another, which by itself is already enough to boycott this company.The phone has excellent hardware and awful lot of samsung's bloatware - useless bunch of battery-sucking, buggy applications that you cannot delete and are bound to live with. The only choice is to root and install custom ROM

you guys send me a european version now i cant used in my country, i want my money back... bad description

This phone works in Jamaica well. No problem at all. I just put my GSM sim and start calling. So far so good. I will travel to Asia in Summer and hope no problem there too. I will travel thru Europe or Hong Kong or Singapore. So I will be able to write more when I return about functioning of this phone.

Samsung put a region lock on it. It is the worst thing for Samsung phone. If you want to use local sim when you are traveling, forget it...the phone won't accept any sim that is out of the region. I will not buy any phone from Samsung.

Unfortunately, Verizon doesn't support the unlocked version N9005 Galaxy Note3; therefore, the only alternative was AT&T.  Excellent phone, with a multitude of smart features!  Indeed, the best smartphone money can buy!  Patiently awaiting the 4.4 KitKat update!

This phone just work on Europe , and I travel around the wourld and use local sim cards to save money, of course... Now they are managing may savings...  got crazy!!!!new feedbackGuys I got a very good support from the seller that gone to Samsung and got the password to really unlock my phone for any reagion, tjats because samsung was not clear with them about that also!about the phone, let me use now and gonna make a review...

The phone is region locked, ans then you put a SIM on it it does not work! I put a SIM card from Argentina and that get asked to unblock the network

The phone is just the great masterpiece everyone is talking about. I was worried, however, that it would be regionally locked, since I live in Brazil and ordered the european model. I had heard about some app to unblock it, and decided to risk buying it anyway. Fortunetly I had no problem at all, my brazilian SIM card worked just fine and I noticed that the RegionLock Away app was already installed. I didnt need to use it though.The phone came in a locked Samsung box, brand new with all of &iacute;its devices plastic wrapped from factory.The only (really minor) problem was that the instructions came in French, which I solved peeking at google translator until I changed the language to English, although I could have chosen a variety of languages, including Portuguese.Great phone!

happy with phone

very good!

how ever be sure what you get is original and has warranty at least 1 year . the phones serial number was 1 character more than usual so i checked with all samsung warranty services none of them were accepting that serial number , phone died just by it self with out doing anything . absolutely nothing just picked it up and tried to turn on and it was off and never got back on . thanks to amazon A-to-Z guaranty otherwise the SHOPBEST reject to exchange or return money. even worse they had a false claim that i took of the SN from back of the phone which is siting under the battery and who is crazy to do that. even they sent back the phone without any sign of that.. but missing parts memory and the earphone then they answered they cant accept the return cos i pill of the SN label . which i never touched it , the only thing i did was i made a video of whole possess of boxing and unboxing for return and ... and i check the SN number with websites .but i got my money back -shipping costs which cost me ~30$ for 2 time returning back the phone. ask them for sure for 1 year warranty and take a video and photo when you pack for return and claim to amazon just in case something happened.

I did a huge amount of research with Samsung Customer Care and had half a dozen calls and live chats with representatives in the USA, UK, and the Netherlands (where i intended to use it most).in conclusion Samusng doesn't really produce GSM where G stands for Global... this model is intended to be sold and used with 4G in the UK so I took a risk activating it with a Dutch SIM and it worked. I don't think it would have worked with a USA SIM.Apart from that - the phone arrived super fast and was in perfect new condition and state. So far (5 months) it has worked without any glitches and i highly recommend it. Obviously size is a double edged blade as it doesn't fit in many of my pockets but that is the only negative thing I can say.

Nice buy im impressedthis phone is nice gots nice features ect ect.ill recommend this to other costumers.nice work

All the style, the touchwiz, the big screen, all the features, all the software, the apps, and the fastest phone i ever had

Its a really nice Product One of my best cellphone ever, I got a really Good Deal in this one I recommend

The phone where as described. Really fast and a nice screen. The most outstanding compared to the note 2 have to be the screen.

amazing product! so quick doing anything.  3gb of RAM - finally I can add pretty much as many apps as I want without taking off one to add one.  Honestly...nothing comes close to the Note 3!

This is a great phone.  I only experienced two short lived problems.  1.  This was my first experience of buying an international unlocked phone.  When I first booted the phone, nothing was in English, it was all in French.  So I had to guess at options until I found the setting to download the English language to my phone.  There were no instructions about this; but after messaging the seller a couple of times, I finally got it figured out.  2.  When taking it to AT&T to change my phone and service to this phone, several agents in the store spent about an hour and a half figuring out how to get the data to work.  That was a bit of an ordeal but all the folks at AT&T were very nice and wanted to help.  Once getting over those two hurdles, it has been smooth sailing.  Like I said earlier, this is a great phone and mini tablet.  To me, this is the best phone on the market.  I give it 4 stars only because of the 2 hurdles I had to overcome. Other than that, it would be 5 stars in my opinion.

Absolutely amazing, unlocked, multi language, quad band, region free, 3g and 4g with lte.simply the best of the best

Phone is from Europe and there was no information about this on description.4G LTE feature doesn't work in my country.Very disappointed.

I am advising everyone to stay away from third party seller. This seller(SHOPEBEST) is a crook, and the phones He or She is selling are fakes/bootlegs. Thanks to amazon customers service I was able to get my money back. Based on my experiences I suggest everyone not to buy from a third party here. I almost lost close to $800 for a bootleg phone that I returned almost 3 days after I received it and the seller claimed he never got it although my shipping confirmation stated phone was delivered. Again, thanks to amazon customer services , I got my money back after a month. Do not make the same mistake I made. This phone is not what the seller has described. why buying a bootleg phone from china when you can purchase the real original model phone in the US with warranty  for same price at any retail store...Here is what I can tell you in regard to a locked and unlocked phones. If you live in the US and looking to buy a smart phone such as Samsung galaxy 2,3,4,  note 2,3 etc, you don't have to purchase an unlocked phone, all you need to do is to purchase a sim card from straight talk, tmobile, so on then get your sim card activated then insert it into your att or tmobile devices , no activation is necessary especially for the pre paid users. All you need to do is to set your access point under settings. Get your att or tmobile devices from amazon(not a third party) or any major retails phone company in the US...If I unlocked if it's inevitable for you, pay a 20  dollars online to get your phone unlocked. Again, I purchased a galaxy note3 just like when I purchase my galaxy 3 lock...and purchased a sim card from straight talk I guaranty you 110% if you purchase att or tmobile phones and you have a straight talk sim card, you won't need to unlock your devices(only speaking to the US prepaid customer) just activate your sim card and that's all you need. if you are not in the US, I recommend you to buy your phone from amazon(not third party) or Us retail stores and pay 20 dollar later online to unlock your phone, you will have full warranty on your devices  and no risk of  losing your money like I almost did.

It's is awesome. Screen, Stylus, Speed and Weight ( without covers or bumpers ) and battery life above expectations. It upgraded to Kit Kat as soon as I connected to Wifi. I can't complain and the gigant screen get us addicted in 30 seconds, it's a little big for my jeans pocket but still using it everyday. It's a great phone with everything I could ask for today and some of the future stuff.

Not very happy. It was not version wireless compatible and it didn't say that in the description. So I have to send it back.

Ordered this unlocked from amazon retailer... fantastic phone... i wanted a tablet /phone combo and this is it!  No contract is a major plus ! Only drawback if you want verizon service you will have to purchase your note 3 through them...otherwise they won't allow you on their networks ( trust me i tried)

ONCE A WEEK I HAVE TO REMOVE THE BATTERY TO REBOOT IT. SOMETIME WHEN THE PHONE RING, THE PHONE DOES NOT RESPOND WHEN I ANSWER. WHEN I TRY TO USE THE PHONE,IT DOES NOT RESPOND. WHEN MAKING PHONE CALL ,I HAVE TO DIAL IT SLOWLY LIKE THE 70'S  ROTARY PHONE.. WHEN THE PHONE RING, IT NOT LOUD ENOUGH TO HEAR IT. EVEN  LISTENING  TO THE MUSIC WAS ANNOYING. IF YOU TAKE A PICTURE,IT TAKE SEVERAL SHOTS TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE. THEY NEED TO RECALL THIS PHONE AND FIRED THEIR CEO

I just bought a new NOTE 3 and I love the way it looks and clarity I can say is this is  a best phone.

the only thing i liked on this phone is the big screen, it is complicated to use than a iphone and it frozed on the first day when i got it. i felt disappointed. palm motion is sort of useless. i wont recommend others to buy

Great Product,LTE worked flawlessly both in the US and in Brazil.The Huge screen real estate is awesome, even though I don't understand why the amount of apps in the home screen/app drawer is the same as in lower resolution/smaller screen size phones.

I bought it for my hubby and within a few weeks of having it the phone already shuts down without warning.

My daughter lost her iPhone and she cried for 2 weeks NOT telling her FATHER by chance i found out one night while at Pizza Hut, when i did find out she was so upset, she stated that she would WORK 2 job's to get the phone that she wanted & i AM PROUD to say that her I Phone she worked for as well, BUT.... this phone and the way she worked for it again i am very proud of her and now she has to pay her Parents back for this gift which she wanted, and it arrived way above time.

I just moved from an iPhone 4 S to this (N9005 unlocked). I am delighted with it. Superior in every feature, even battery life. It is also surprisingly light. I was first slightly nervous about being able to use it with microchips from various parts of the world, with all the buzz and fuss about it. And mine I bought in Canada but shipped from Hong Kong and came with the UK plug (small nuisance but it will charge from any USB charger, even Amazon Kindle's). I followed the instructions given by bloggers and first run it with a Canadian chip (Koodo) it runned great in Calgary and roamed in Chicago just fine. Then in Brazil I placed a chip from Vivo and it keeps delighting me. I'm actually using it to write this review.Even if you are a gadget freak like I am, it will take you several days of intense use to master all the features. But if you are like my wife you will be very happy with just 3 or 4 of them while oblivious of most of what it can do for you.My daughters and nieces all have iPhone and are envious.

Right out of the Box, the first I did was to connect to my home wifi for sync and download some of my bought app, to my frustration it didnt connect to my wifi even though all our gadgets works, all ipad, ipod, my Samsung Note tablet and Samsung S2 all connect flawleslly without problem, then I tried it on starbucks and 3 Hospital (because most of them uses 2.4ghz), it still didnt work. I manage to connect to my home wifi using 5ghz, The S-Pen is a bit bent.I also found out it lag a bit and after two months of use, I see heavier lag, battery is getting hot (even on Airplane mode), so the first thing I did is root to check stuff, and even tried other custom ROM to see if it fix the problem of my wifi and the Lag. So what I did next is to fix the lag first and check the RAM, I was surprise that the RAM has 1.39GB only, googled "N9005 1.39GB RAM" and found out there are fakes of Note 3 out thereI email'd the seller, and told that the RAM is 1.39GB instead of the regular 3GB (or 2.3-2.7GB), I also went and check at Best Buy, their RAM is somewhere 2.3GB, to cut the story short, the seller agreed to replace my Note 3. This one has about 1000 difference on the last IMEI, and was shock when I started to use the S-Pen, it has no button! Exposed. When I remove the plastic thing on the back plate, the letter S and M from the SAMSUNG word was peeledFirst thing every one should know, your not sure if your Note 3 is genuine any more, it can be imitated, my first Note 3 looks so genuine, the crisp of the screen, the name of the chips when you use those app infos about your phone, when I used a custom rom, even when re-flashing to stock rom, plus the knox warning all worked, the MHL cable that connects to your HDMI TV also worked, the only thing I knew it was fake is because of the RAM.Now I have my Note 3 replaced by the seller, RAM is now 2.38GB, Wifi is working now but I doubt now if it still original. When I first start the newly replaced Note 3, it didnt start from the welcome screen, instead it started on the home menu. Why would there be a missing button on the S-Pen, why would the IR Blaster not work even using the Stock WatchOn App? I also bought the Smart Remote and Universal Remote for Samsung just to test the IR blaster,and they all did not work on all our TVs (Samsung 60" & Olevia 55) but they all work on My Note 10.1 Tablet that was bought from Costco4 stars because I still like my N9005 plus the seller agreed to replace the note 3. We will never know if the seller is the culprit or he got these from a culprit that he didnt knew. One thing is for sure, Im not going to buy another Samsung here even if the seller has the highest ratingUpdate:IR Blaster is working on my Olevia TV but you have to be 1 to 2 inch from the TV's IRUpdate:Im not exactly sure, but I tried to charge the phone for the first time, and the charger becomes very hot and smells funny, Im now using Anker charger for my Note 3.Update:I'm a bit paranoid so I install some apps to test it. I can say this note 3 is Genuine but Im still not sure if its new or refurbish, maybe new because theres this app that say it was plug 4-5 times.------------------------------------------------------here is the app I install to verify its authenticity- Genuine Galaxy by xihuanat.com- Phone Info * SAMSUNG * by vndnguyen- Quadrant Standard Edition by Aurora Softworks- Antutu Benchmark X Mar,2014 by Antutu Labs------------------------------------------------------- Genuine Galaxy by xihuanat.comInstalling this first will automatically tell you if its original or notCheck:The Device Model (Mine is SM-N9005)CPU Hardware is Qualcomm MSM 8974CPU Model: ARMv7CPU Cores: 4CPU Frequency: close to 2265MhzTotal RAM : close to 3GB (mine is 2.38GB, the ones in Best Buy is 2.38GB too)Total ROM: should be close to 26.36GBScreen Density: should be 480Camera Resolution: close to 12.78MPFront Camera should be close to 2.07MPIMEI should match from the box- Phone Info * SAMSUNG * by vndnguyenThe only thing that surprise me is the country of origin, in the box it says Made in Korea, but in this app it says it is made in China, no biggy deal tho, how about yours?Manufacturing Date of my Note 3 is 2013/09/17In this app you will also know how many times you plug your cable from your Note 3 whether it is charging or hook on your PC or even you didnt attach the other end, they will still log it here including the S-Pen ( I had to say this is a nice touch. First time you receive your device, install this app to get clues if its been open or not)- Quadrant Standard and Antutu are both Benchmark but lets stick to Antutu Benchmark X Mar,2014 by Antutu LabsSome Antutu application were modified if its already installed in your device thats why it receive high scores to other devices, they release Antutu Benchmark X Mar,2014 for that, so make sure to install this instead of the other one in Play Store.Check the Ratings, it doesnt matter if you missed 5000 point from the original score, it still original. The original score of Note 3 is somewhere 34,000 (maybe those Octa Cores type of Note 3), mine is 29116.Hope this helps.Thanks for Reading.

fine smarphone

Note 3 phone is just amazing. This phone has all features your looking for in a smart phone. It's a real keeper.

My only problem with the Note 3 is Knox. The very first thing I did with this phone was flash TWRP recovery through Odin, so I obviously know what I'm doing as far as root's concerned. And if you're worried about performance on the Qcomm version, my Antutu benchmark score is 36354.

Great phone for military personelle. Seller not recomended.

I want to assure you, that I have not purchased a cell phone like this in my life. This is something different-a pc, e cell phone, an organizer.... A person like me, who likes a high dense menu, will be very pleased to get it. Even those, who like iPhone, have their choice-change menu type to a easy one, if desired. As a result, if your pocket allows you, do not hesitate to buy it. Enjoy!

Very good product. It works perfectly.! All as-is as described in the publication. I hope in the future back to shop at your store. 100% is recommended.

Great phablet.Awesome screen resolution, a technical/hardware masterpiece, improved S-Pen hardware/software, sunlight legibility improved over the Note 2, good sound.

ONCE I GOT THE PHONE IT WONT WORK IN A LOCAL CARRIER THEY SAY IS UNLOCKED AND IT IS NOT,

This would be one of the best phone ever if it works 100% with US Carriers like Verizon, AT&T or T-Mobile. I called AT&T they cannot recognize IMEI number but since phone is unlocked still I can use it only thing I have to compromise with speed. This one has network type 4G HSPA+ (Not LTE). Default language is Chinese, I change language to English but still inbuilt News default language is Chinese. And top of that I have to buy warranty separately from Samsung.

this is a great phablet!have a very good camera, above average battery life and of course great display with the huge note screen.notice that this specific model supports LTE, and the LTE standards are divided into US and EU.so it happens to be, the model i got support LTE EU standard and not US, so if i was a US or canada user i would be bummed out, luckily i'm not.except that it is an awsome instrument

Good product. But purchased it on this site and they reduced the price one week after I ordered it.  The packaging was good. It arrived pretty much on time as if I chose expedited shipping that was very impressive.

This smartphone is awesome, powerful, bright, excellent battery. size is not a problem due to many accesories are available including cases.

It's the best phone in market nowadays, I'm not yet using 4G, but I'll be ready, the best CPU, GPU, RAM size, screen size and definition. It is a so beautiful phone, that I would rather use it without a case, but the case is a must in my job.

I have to say that I was very worried about this cellphone. There were so many reviews saying that it might not work that I was really really scared. In the end, I took the shot and bought from the most reliable seller &#34;Wireless Everything&#34;. The product was perfect and it worked flawlessly in Colombia.

The Note remains unchallenged in its category. Great battery life, a brilliant display and top performance make it an excellent all-rounder for those wanting an outsanding device.

The cell phone wasn't unlocked as the seller describe, It's work with some carrier, it's work with T-Mobile USA now but the network is not 4G Like my Galaxy S3 was, it work sometimes with 4G but not as mush as 3G.The Note 3 is not working with any SIM from Medal East.

on December 12, 2013, i ordered &#34;Black&#34; note 3 as a gift for my girlfriend on Christmas,and DELIVERY ESTIMATE Wednesday, December 18, 2013 - Monday, December 23, 2013, and on  December 13, i received feedback from amazon shows that my package has left seller facility and is in transit to carrier, on  December 18, i received a call from &#34; World Wide Distributors&#34; and they said they are out of the black note and they have only the white one and they ask me if i want my money back but i said that's fine because i didn't had time to order another one....the bottom line i didn't get my package on time..i get it on December 26, even i couldn't celebrate in the Christmas and i couldn't see my girlfriend because i did't had her gift, seriously i was very very angry and sad.

This phone is really amazing, my last phone was and Galaxy S3 a great phone but its not nearly close to the awesome Note 3, Is very fast, comfortable, the battery is great, for me the best phone yet.

Very good product and works perfect, only one minor comment. Everything is with configuration in french, you only need to change for you own, but including the energy is for Europe with an adaptation.Recommended.

So that i got the phone ontime after back from school ! So excited !!! I like this so much but just a little problem , the box have some scratch and that's all ... Just kidding so i really like that thank alot ! I will buy something more from you guys !

Last Updated: 24th October 2013.-No "spring-load" SIM slot.-Heat (during game)-Added another link "iPhone 5s vs. Galaxy Note 3"-Added one "Pro" point.-Elaborated the video/music point.*****************************************************************************************Note: This review is based on the 2.3GHz  quad-core Qualcomm-powered LTE N9005 Asian Version (no region SIM lock), not the Exynos version.Prior to the Note 3 (N3), I own both the Galaxy S3 (it's sold to make way for the N3) & Galaxy S4. I consider myself from a moderate to heavy user depending on the days. Some of my daily phone activities include:-SMS. Receive & sending simple text messages to/from office colleagues, staff & business associates.-Email (yahoo & Gmail). Checking & emailing for both personal & work.-Messengers such as WhatsApp, Viber, Skype & Facebook to connect people locally & worldwide. I love these messengers as I can insert emoticons & attach photo, etc. :)-Chrome. I use this to check on the latest local & international news, browse the internet for info & sometimes also do shopping & banking.-Facebook groups. I'm a regular user & check for updates whenever I have the spare time! :)-Photo/game.  From time to time during my "non-office" period or in a long traveling, I will occupy myself with some relaxation along the way. I'm also a photography enthusiast & love to take photos whenever I have the opportunity. All photos taken are sync to my cloud service (Dropbox).-Video/Music. Youtube is my best companion. I love watching movies, hence I download all the latest trailers & watch them in my N3. I also, download lots of music video (MTV) & other interesting video clips. I also transfer some TV series/movies into my N3 in case I have to endure a dull day or on a business trip. Therefore, the max 64GB micro SD comes in very handy!-Waze Social GPS Maps & Traffic. Occasionally, I use this community based mapping, traffic & navigation app.-On weekdays, my phone is connected to mobile data on a daily basis usually from 6am until 11pm.I will not dwell into the outstanding specs of this phablet as I'm sure most of you are aware. If not, you can easily look them up over the net. I will share my thoughts particularly from a user's point of view that has never use a Galaxy Note before. Let's start with the pro.The Good:1. Display.I find the screen size at 5.7" is just right for my need. While the Galaxy S4 is great but the display is a tad too small (I would scream each time I used the multi-window mode!) & it's quite stressful for my eyes especially during long hour session of reading/replying emails, reading company reports, etc.  Now, my eyes are very comfortable viewing the N3 big display!2. Battery life.On a regular work day, my N3 can last an average 14-16 hours! That's a huge improvement compare to my S4 which lasted about 8 hours only! I'm very happy as I only need to do a single full charge once a day before I left for work unlike my S4 which require 2-3 charging per day.Samsung Galaxy S4 has a Li-Ion 2,600 mAh battery which is capable of making it through a work day (about 12 hours) of moderate usage. The bigger N3 has a battery to match (Li-Ion 3,200 mAh) and even though has a larger display, N3s processors are more battery-friendly, so with moderate usage, I expect it to have a battery life spawn longer than a day.Charging time from 25% to 100% full took less than 2 hours. The N3 is also the first phablet to include support for USB 3.0, which enables faster data transfers and charging when attached to a compatible port. The regular USB 2.0 still can be used for data transfer & charging but at a much slower rate.3. Speed & overall performance.N3 is a monster! If you're familiar with the An Tu Tu Benchmark app, my N3 got a nice score at 32,910! Currently, N3 is occupying the top spot in the Bar Chart.4. Heat.Those of you who are familiar with Galaxy S4 know the heat issue is very irritating. From very warm to HOT just in a short while of usage esp with the mobile data switch on. At times the handset would become so HOT that it's impossible to put your ear near the earpiece to make or answer a call. However, in the N3 the heat resistance is very good! (I spoke too soon. See below)The Not So Good:1. Size.It's a double-edge sword here. All these years, I got used to using phones in one palm. N3 really change the outlook! Luckily, N3 comes with the "One-handed operation" feature where you can adjust the scale & position of the screen so that you will able to use it with one hand. This feature come in handy for functions such as calculator, dialing keypad, keyboard & the unlock pattern.The other inconvenience is for those who love to wear jeans or tight pants. Seriously, it's a hassle carrying it around inside your pocket with the N3 bulging! If you're wearing normal pants then you can put it inside your pocket with ease.2. S-Pen (stylus).Initially, I find it to be very annoying & frustrating in removing the S-Pen from the N3. Don't let this tiny, cute & innocent stylus fools you! It has its own attitude especially when you're in a hurry & try to quickly detach it. After a few days, I'm getting the hang of it. I can't imagine those with huge hands, it could be a nightmare!3. Heat.I was playing the Zombie Vs Plant 2 game for about 15 minutes & noticed the handset became quite warm. Fortunately, it doesn't occur during video & music playback. I watched a movie for about 2 hours & there was no heat issue. So if you're a game lover, as a precaution you might want to let your handset rest for a while (to cool down)after a long period of game play.4. SIM slot.Geez, besides the S-pen here's another annoying predicament, I find it hard to believe Samsung decided to remove the standard "spring-load" SIM slot in this high-end phablet! In most phones, you can easily remove your SIM by using your finger nail to press it in & release. This mean once your SIM card is inserted, it's impossible to remove it with your bare hands or nails without the assistance of any tool (tweezer, clip, etc). To see how you can remove the SIM in this tricky situation, check out this video/tip link: [...]**Will update if I discover more cons.****************************************************************************************Main Features:S-Pen (digitizer stylus). I must admit I'm not a huge fan of stylus but with the N3...Wow..this is cool esp if this is your first time using a Galaxy Note! The N3 highlight is its new features offering the Air Command which gives you quick access to Action Memo, Scrapbooker, Screen Write, S Finder & Pen Window.Action Memo is basically a note taking app (similar to the Stick-em note). It's very useful when you need to quickly write down a person's name, contact or email (any short & simple details). Once done, you can select the specific info & use it to send a SMS text, create a new contact, send an email, open the internet browser or even set it as your new task. For a longer write up, you may use S Note.Scrapbook. Similar to a real Scrapbook that our kids (or ourselves) love to do. You can easily collect any photo, words, quotes, emails, or web sites with links and store them into your Scrapbook for future reference. E.g. You're planning a trip to Paris for the first time together with your wife, hence you collect all photos relevant to Paris point of interest & store them all in your Scrapbook.Screen Write. It does what it says, it captures a screenshot & let you write on the screen. Once done you can keep it or send it to your friend, etc! For E.g. Two weeks ago, I took a photo at a bakery. It shows a variety of breads & buns. I want my brother to buy some on his way home. I highlight by making a circle sign on the specific bread that I want & scribble a note "Pls buy 5. Thanks, bro!" A picture speaks louder than a thousand words.S Finder. It's a quick search tool for content on your handset & on the web. E.g. You want to retrieve a music clip but can't recall the exact folders as you have hundreds of music stored in your handset but you do remember the name. No worry, just type in the music name & viola!!Pen Window. This let you access to some "mini" apps that float on top of your screen or your current app. Some of the mini apps in my menu are: Calculator, clock, phone, contacts, ChatON, Hangouts, internet & WhatsApp. These are apps are exactly the same as the regular apps. It's just that the size has been scaled smaller & you can move (float) it any place on top of the screen, enable you to access for other info while doing a task on your current screen/app. It's another multitasking.******************************************************************************************To know/learn more about the S-Pen & S-Note, I recommend this Youtube video:Samsung GALAXY Note 3 S Pen and S Note New Features. Link: [...]Some other useful info links.Note 3 N9000 & N9500 comparison:[...]Galaxy Note 3 vs. Galaxy Note 2:[...]Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Specs Battle:[...]iPhone 5s vs. Galaxy Note 3[...]Conclusion:Though it's not perfect, I award it a 5-star rating. I find the new Galaxy Note 3 to be an awesome Phablet in today's market and it's very versatile. It offers many wonderful & valuable tools to improve one's efficiency. This Phablet is great whether you're a business owner, a senior executive, a regular employee or even a college student. I believe this Phablet will able to meet each person's need & requirement. Don't take my words for it, give it a try & find out for yourself!

long battery life, beautiful display and easily programmed to my selected carrier!Get your own Galaxy phone! Who needs a contract!

I'm moving from the mini galaxy onto this..so can't really compare it to much other phones, I just know I wanted big screen, nice camera and fast. That is what I got. This phone works with Simple Mobile because thats what I have. I have yet to see 4G on my signal but I did see H+, and from reading other reviews, I think thats some form of 4G. I'm not bothered by it cause simple mobile is rather low priced for their services.

Excelente producto

I WAS VERY VERY HAPPY WHEN I RECEIVED THE PHONE, IT JUST LIKE A NEW PHONE. WORKING PERFECTLY NO DENT. I LOVE IT AND EVERYONE AROUND ME LOVE IT TOO.

I would like to give 5 stars if I CAN use this phone.well,,I did about 4 month research to get the Samsung Galaxy Note 3.It is great phone! I love everything about this phone until it would not turn on.The screen is locked on the logo sign, and would not change to anything, and keeps turn on and off repeatedly.I got this March 18, and loved it for a while. On April 8th, my phone would turned off and just went blank.Since I got this phone recently (before a month), and i did NOTHING to the phone (no rooting, no reset or anything, i did not even drop the phone) The company should pay me back or replace my phone. However, all they're saying is to use the warranty, which would not work in us. I'm currently waiting for the investigation for the A-to-Z guarantee claim, and this takes me forever.I can't contact anyone for at least 2 weeks.Again, I recommend Galaxy Note 3 the phone itself is perfect. (if you get the normal one, not the defective one like mine)BUT the service is horrible.

i live in the USA and i bought this phone it works great and works 4g lte in t mobile  i think only t mobile can do the 4g with this phone. but i definitely recommend it!

Its is a great phone, with high technology,the only thing is its big but  I like it and would recommend it.

While I have been enjoying Samsung phablets for while now, it is clear why some folks stay will smaller format Apple devices. As a tech-savvy engineer and former wireless industry analyst and consultant, I haven't seen commercial software as bug-laden and user hostile as Kies.It would be easy to go on forever about ever problem with Kies, but suffice it to say it is such a bad product that only phrase used to describe the Yugo is fitting &#34;quality reaches a new low.&#34;  Various iterations of Kies crash or hang during the synchronization process.  There have been constant communication errors with the device. Some items would mysterious only partially sync -- partial playlists or songs from the playlists would be absent.  It would hang on podcasts.With Kies 3.0, Samsung has eliminating most of the problems by eliminating virtually all of the features.  There is no synchronization or importation of Itunes elements (e.g. playlists, podcast). After a forced upgrade from 2.6 to 3.0, the user notices all of the functionality has been eliminated.  No explanation has been given and there is no telephone support.

When you buy a phone, it should be yours. But Samsung is not selling phones anymore.Samsung is selling user license.I moved to NEXUS 5.It is not about hacking the Galaxy Note 3. It is about the categorical principle of "Open Source". Android was born as an open source project:[...]Region Lock is a proprietary move against Open Source Philosophy:[...]"Open Source" is not only an immaterial way of doing and creating, but the main value remains in the process rather than the end-product or result. As von Busch indicates (2009: p39): it is doing rather than having. This could be paralleled with "buddhist economics" by E.F. Schumacher (1973)12:"production by the masses, not for the masses" - the materialist is mainly interested in goods, the Buddhist is mainly interested in liberation. Just like the buddhist monks draw on the sand and accept that the next minute their performance is washed away by the waves. It is one way to fight the ego. "The Buddhist point of view takes the function of work to be at least threefold: to give a man a chance to utilize and develop his faculties; to enable him to overcome his ego-centredness by joining with other people in a common task; and to bring forth the goods and services needed for a becoming existence(Schumacher, 1973). From the Buddhist point of view, there are therefore two types of mechanization which must be distinguished: one that enhances a man's skill and one that turns the work of man over to a mechanical slave, leaving man in a position of having to serve the slave. The machine must be treated as a tool for a cra$sman, not the other way round. Likewise in open source philosophy, the information, tools and design contain the most value. Design is not a product - it is a process.Samsung should move from Android Platform to Windows or other proprietary one.

This is the best Android phone I have ever purchased for two reasons, the awesome large display and the excellent performance!

One of the best gage that I ever purchase.  So many feature and  special the picture quality is second to none.  Galaxy note 3 is the best in today market. All for one and one for alll..

Everything work fine with the phone. Truly you can trust for.fast shipping.I would like to recommend to any one need to buy a phone.

My brother-in-law asked me to buy the Galaxy Note 3 for him. He is very happy with the phone and just likes it.

Don't ever buy a phone off Amazon they'll rip you off. When you receive the item it will not work properly it's going to have some flaw. Also they buy the phones from AT&T and sell them for their own price. When the phones come from AT&T their locked and can not be used by many carriers

I had after the note 1 in this time was expectacular but now the note 3 is much better. The screen is appropriate for new utilities offered, the use of &#34;pen&#34; improve and the use is very intuitive. This phone is unlocked and my personal experience I didn't have problem for activate.

This was a gift and it is loved actually Awesome! Is the word he used. Me personally I think it is too large but the gift recipient like big phones.

It's fantastic! I have one and I'm not able even to use everything that offers! I purchsed another phone to my husband so impressed we are! Good size, very resistant and bes7des a phone is a mini tablet.  Fullfill all our needs and much more! The case is also unique: love it!

I liked the phone but It was not brand new as listed on profile. It seems like it was but in actual the language was Spanish which shows clearly it was not brand new.

This is the perfect phone, i`m married with samsung. This phone have all that you need and more! Don't hesitate and buy this one.

Because it works fine, looks fine and I like it very much.I had a Galaxy SII and this one is much better.

One star for the great size.  Very avid reader.  However, can't customize multitask apps, or pen window apps besides Samsung's own...their browser ain't the best.  Everything else is very customizable.One of my biggest gripe is that they added so many features, they also tried too "clean up" options.  Now you can't disable lock screen notifications without also disabling status notification.  Why would I use a lock screen and show people my messages.It's still at it's infancy, but getting better.  Long time Samsung guy, from the first galaxy, on tmobile.  Beginning to regret giving up my place in the backorder line gold iPhone for a no money down note3 yesterday.Great you can shop Amazon on the "pen window" warp Samsung browser and watch .mkv tv files.  Score for that :-)

It's not often that I come across a piece of technology that completely changes my day to day routine. That changes the way that I interact and utilize the tool that's in my pocket. More so, a piece of tech that breathes life back into my passion for technology and the modern smartphone landscape.The Galaxy Note 3 is one such device. For a bit of background I've used every major OS that is on the market now as well as some casualties of the Smartphone War. I've bounced back and forth between the current giants of the land but I've at times ventured away towards the outcasts. My last experiment was with a Nokia N9 running MeeGo which overall wasn't a bad experience but the dated hardware made me forfeit that journey early on.Enter the greatest smartphone in the World! The Galaxy Note 3! Sorry, I don't mean to sound so dramatic but at the same time...I do. That's just how enjoyable this experience has been overall.Everything about this device has me wanting to tell every person that I see to go and buy one. I try and show them cool features or just how beastly this device is and even with my impeccable sales skills my praises fall on deaf ears. Not because what I'm saying isn't a good enough example of the Note 3's superiority to every other device on the market currently. The issue is that all the features that make this N3 amazing are things that you have to experience first hand. The first time that you're on a call and take an Action Memo or your first Scrap Book creation or your first Sketch Book sketch. These are all things that need to happen naturally while using the device for you to sit back and think, " Wow...this phone is awesome!".That's really the point to all this is that these are all things that you have to experience for yourself . I don't find it a coincidence that within Best Buy stores are Samsung Experience Shops. It's all about user experience and how their products differ and how it makes you feel. That in my opinion is the most important aspect of Apples business model that they copied or modeled themselves after. It's all about user experience in day to day operation and "almost" nothing else. I say "almost" because I've used enough Android devices to know specs matter on an Android powered smartphone.I could drone on and on about the industry leading specs of the Note 3 but I'm not. Maybe they don't lead in every single category but as a whole its the Champion. It's actually the first Android smartphone that has my iFriends saying "Dude, I would use that Android phone over my iPhone in a heartbeat!". That little satisfying confession has zero to do with specs and everything to do with user experience in THIER eyes. Realistically, it's actually the insane spec sheet that is making this Note 3 so amazing to use as a daily driver. I'm sure they have no idea what the specs of their iPhone are nor do they care. Simply because that's not what Apple pushes. They push experience and status. Samsung has started on the same campaign as of late. If I knew just how awesome the Note line was I would've picked one up a long time ago. Though I fully believe that it's the Note 3 specifically that has reignited my passion for mobile tech and expanded my perception of the usefulness of electronic gadgets.Clearly I'm more than satisfied with my purchase of the Note 3 . More than that though, I'm excited again to pick up my phone and use it. Heck, I find any reason to pick it up to use it for whatever or nothing sometimes simply to look at that gorgeous display. It also makes me excited to see what's on the horizon. Just to add a little more perspective, I'm someone who used to make fun of the entire Note line and all phablets for that matter. The reason for this was my ignorance of the Note line.Bottom line : Each and every time that I pick up my Note 3 there's a smile on my face. I look forward to a reason to pick it up and I find myself pulling out the S Pen to do anything every time I use the N3. I highly recommend all smartphone lovers to at least give it an honest test drive. I guarantee that you won't come away disappointed. It may not be the device for you but I don't think you will be able to deny it's appeal and usefulness.Best/favorite Android device to dateP.S. This was all written using the S Pen within the Google Keep app.

Phone is good, works fine but I had a problem with the charger,started burning up, called samsung and they told me they were gonna send a replacement, now they said it's only gonna get repaired and would take 7 to 9 days to get to me, I definitely should've stayed with iphone, their customer service is way better than samsung, big mistake, should've learned my lesson, because it happened to me once before,SAMSUNG CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST!!!!!!

It is exactly what I need for my work. It is most of the time replacing my laptop (that I have not to carry with me in most of the cases when I'm out the office ) - I have all my applications and the data (in the cloud) with me and can be reachable 24/7

As a previous owner of the note 2 which I loved I didn't even hesitate to jump on the note three!  Much to my surprise all the bugs, quirks and flaws were fixed for this new note 3.  I wanted mine in white but they were sold out, but after having the black it grew on me.This phone is stylish and tech savy.  I love the leather back, stylus, and split screen modes.  The battery is one of the best on the market and they made this phone much lighter than the note 2.The are more features than most can use but its nice to have them if needed.  The screen resolution is unmatched, nothing comes close, not the iphone nothing.Don't hesitate to buy this phone its not too big and all phones are headed to larger screens do to resolution and flexible screens.

I love it, though requires tutorials to use at full potential. Once I have watched all the toutube bideos, i should be up and running.

I really wanted this phone, but given that I travel to Europe a lot, the region restriction is a deal breaker for me. I got Nexus 5 instead. Whatever was the reason for Samsung to put that restriction, they have lost so much more in reputation. Shame.

The worst experience of my life. the phone stopped working with less than a month of use. The unit is factory unlocked to work internationally and Samsung Corporation refuses to provide technical assistance. There is no warranty. Such information not contained in the advertisement. The seller was limited to refund 50% of the amount paid. I threw away my money. Never buy any electronic product from Samsung at Amazon.com! I'm very sorry, I lost $ 700.

This model is region locked and it is need an european sim to unlocked it. Very bad description. I am looking for a way to unlocked it!

The phone works well, more than expected. The battery life is excellent. wireless everything is a great company, because the product was delivered on time and the product is in good condition

One small drawback is that it is a product originally targeted for France. But once changed the target website and a US adapter (sent by the seller), it runs well and since it is my first Galaxy Note 3 or first of any Sumsung Galaxy product, I am still learning how to use the product. But I can feel it is well design and functions very well. Just need time to learn all its functionalities! Very satisfied!!!

sold me a locked phone.. which I took out of the country.. motherboard quit working on day 2 . spend 200 USD to fix it only to find out that phone was factory locked and the dealer had unlocked this outside factory..very frustrating!!

It was stoled to me during a trip from San Juan, Puerto Rico to Managua, Nicaragua. What i have to do?

I have not been able to use the phone after 2 months. I tried to have a friend make a call from the states to deal with the region lock issue that Samsung has created but instead the guy just put in his SIM and checked his usage report, thinking that would set the phone straight. Turns out that to get a European Phone un-region locked you need to make a minumum 5 minute call from it's proper region (Europe in thins case since it is a 9005 phone). I live in India and once the phone got to me the region lock eventually caught up with me during setup, but there is a work around through some Eastern European website for 19.95 USD..... But the bigger problem was a reactivation lock. According to the stateside friend the box was open. Was this a used or grey market phone? When I started the setup process it asked me for an email and password that had been used on the phone before. I never had set this up before. I talked to the stateside service folks (no go, 9005), I talked to Indian service centers (nope, 9005), Finally I sent it to england and now it is stuck in a Geeksquad center (a contract service provider) who cant fix it, guess why.... they need the email and password! But nor will they send it to the actual Samsung repair center (who says they might be able to fix it). This phone is so trick that it's own security features has Samsung itself locked out! Is this really the first time someone has moved out of their service region, done a factory reset, and forgotten their password (which would create the same issue I have)? So is this a MyWishList issue? Only if it was not a new phone.

Great phone, very easy to setup and use. Everything is just as the features specify. My only issue is the charger being European. They should provide American chargers instead of an adapter. Overall, a great buy!!

I am Extremely Please with this phone I love every aspect of it. I will be buying more of these as needed.

I've just upgraded my Note 2 to this one and my first impressions are positive. My only issue was informed to the seller because the box arrived not sealed (it was already opened), reason why I gave 4 stars. The seller has been very nice and offered some options so that the problem could be solved. As the cell phone is working fine so far I prefer to wait into the warranty term before take another action.

Very elegant cell phone. Works perfectly. Unlocked for every phone company in Mexico. Hope to use it for a very long time. Perfect sound, reception and elegant finish. Too big for a petite person though.

I just buy this phone last week and I can't use it with AT&T SIM card to use it . I don't know why????

very complicated and NO one to ask for lessons here in venezuela. also the wall charger and two batteries my son in law bought for me are lousy quality and broke at the tips with no use.

It is great looking.Not much you can say except that it has everything a smartphone should have.A fast browser.Super apps.Great call quality.Excelllent resolution and loads of feature.Free yourself from contracts and go for it.

This review is from: Samsung Galaxy Note 3 N9000 Black 32GB - Factory Unlocked International Version (Wireless Phone Accessory)I love the phone it has many options, the service of Samsung is a complete disaster!I bought  the phone unlocked N9005 at a Swiss Airport shop.It has a local SIM lock on it to evite using it in other countries. WHY?? Samsung did not answer the mails, on the phone they indicated to go to a local dealer to unlock the SIM. Local dealer in Ecuador HTM indicated that they do not have any communication with SAMSUNG Server for a month and do not know when they can communicate with SAMSUNG again.At Samsung Panama they indicated that I should use a technician in the street or insist where I bought the phone. I ordered an unlock code at Cellphoneunlock.net but they indicated that I should contact directly Samsung or it might take its time. I installed a file Regional Lock away I found on the internet, it did not work. The local ISP Claro recommended me to try to install a local program instead of original program.The email sent to the shop twice where I bought the Phone did not answer the mail at all. Insisting again with Samsung Panama after 3 weeks they indicated to insist with Samsung Switzerland to get the unlock code and that they should send it to Samsung Panama and that Samsung Panama shall send it to me. I bought a Service insurance policy in Switzerland together with the phone. I already was thinking of burying the phone in my compost in the garden!At the end of the story Samsung Switzerland (you get connected to Berlin automatically) finally gave me the code over the phone and my Note 3 is working now, still without indexing the caller ID up today. The time spent to find a solution was much more than the price of the phone itself!Conclusion before bringing Phones to the market Samsung should train Service staff what and how to solve problems or better keep selling washing machines! So try your phone at the shop you buy it in order to save you time!

When I hook up T-mobile it only give me 3G+ not 4G LTE. Dealer told me may be because it's manufactured in China.

This is the best phone I've had the opportunity to experience. It is very practical in it's function and ability. Having the functionality of a phone and larger viewing area has allowed me to move from a phone and tablet to this one great device.

Decent phone, comes close to what I expected but there are improvements needed.  I am happy about the battery though.  Samsung phones do not have a good battery backup but this one does.  Apart from that, I am satisfied with everything else the phone has to offer.And for people rating 1 star since they feel the phone was locked, please read the description before buying the phone.

Excelente equipo!

Galaxy note 3 is a big competition to all other smart phones!!Glad I purchased this beautiful elegant smart phone :D

I love this smartphone, is the best thing you can buy right now on Android, It already have an update to 4.4 KitKat, TouchWiz never has been know for been a smooth interphase but the Note 3 is powerfull enought to run it without a sig of lag or trouble, if you like big screen this is the right smartphone for you !

This is an awesome phone.  It has all the features you expect in a phone and some you would expect from a high end computer.There is only one flaw.  If anything goes wrong with this phone, do not expect the warranty to mean anything.  It is an international phone and Samsung will not stand by it if you are in the US.I have not had any problems with the phone, so this has not been much of a concern to me (as noted by the 5 stars)

I ve just purchased a samsung galaxy note 3 ( Samsung Galaxy Note 3 N9005 32GB 4G LTE BLACK Factory Unlocked LTE 800 / 850 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 )  from amazon for my brother who lives in Turkey ,where the description clearly says FACTORY UNLOCKED .it seems the device is not unlocked.I ll appreciate your help.Thank youFatih &Uuml;NAL

Very Good this phone according with the description, works very well in Venezuela, all the caracteristics so very helpfull the greaters phone

Okay, I was going through and trying to paste the same review for EVERY SINGLE Galaxy Note 3 that was being sold on Amazon... I guess I missed one. I understand this is the &#34;International Version&#34; but I greatly doubt it won't have this MAJOR defect....Okay, so I got a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 through Verizon Wireless's &#34;Edge&#34; program, which is their monthly installment program (NOT the international version, the $700 version). The 24-month installments was to be around $29 / month. I ordered it over the phone to replace the HTC One Max. I wanted a phone that had some feel and functionality of a tablet, but not as huge and ridiculous... I guess this is called a &#34;Phablet&#34; - combination of phone and tablet. The HTC One Max was still too big, heavy, clunky. BTW, the HTC One Max DOES have great battery life and great sound because of dual front-facing speakers... Anyhow, so I got the Galaxy Note 3...I couldn't get the Note 3 activated... Had to call into Verizon Wireless and pry out the SIM Card (with the Note 3, this is NOT an easy task), in order to give them the SIM Card number. So, it got activated...I noticed first while playing a game app for long time (let's say over 30 min, but I think it started sooner than that), the screen would DIM itself, then return to brightness level I had it on. Anyhow, it KEPT doing this, at random periods, and for 5 seconds or so each time.I went into settings, made sure brightness was on MAXIMUM, and &#34;automatic&#34; was OFF. Also, I checked and changed the video options... Like HD TVs, there's different video modes - &#34;dynamic&#34;, &#34;standard&#34;, and &#34;movie&#34;, or something like that. It did not matter what I changed it to, it kept doing this.I tested this on other applications, and it did same thing. I called and got the Note 3 replaced for what I and Verizon Wireless thought was a defective device. When I received the new Note 3, it had same issue. It happens even without a cell phone case on it, BTW, but it takes a little longer for it to occur. Oh, and if you keep using it or playing games PAST when it starts doing this, it will start dimming it to what seems like the MINIMUM brightness. Can you imagine how irritating this can be? Now, grant it, it seems to occur FASTER if you play a game, but it WILL occur, no matter WHAT you are doing, if it's on Max brightness for an extended amount of time. After calling Verizon Wireless again, and checked into information from Samsung... and I even spoke to Samsung myself about it... this IS a DEFECT, but it's a defect built into EVERY Note 3.Why would a $700 phone be doing this? Why have full HD display, quad-core cpu, 3 gb RAM, and great life battery, if you can't fully utilize them? Apparently, this is a feature to prevent overheating. Could you imagine watching a movie and this happen? Just saying... because even though this happened with my game, this will happen no matter WHAT you are doing. So, if you are a heavy gamer, or heavy internet browser, or movie watcher - either way, this WILL occur.I had to open a new line on my account in order to get ride of this nasty nonsense piece of trash. Seriously, a $700 phone acting like a $200 phone. Seriously, this phone is a waste of time! I am surprised there's not more people complaining about this! Leave these features to the phones that are prone to overheating - not a $700 beast of a phone that should be able to do all this EFFORTLESSLY!  Major epic fail, Samsung - major epic fail!Also, it uses higher percentage of its RAM than its competitors without doing anything on it. I had to kill a lot of tasks on it frequently to get it down just under 50% of its RAM - the Moto X and Droid Maxx, same killing of tasks brings it down to under 40% of its RAM - and those Motorola phones only have 2 GB Ram, and the Note 3 has 3 GB Ram. That's bloatware for you, I guess.Stay away from the Galaxy Note 3!

Not compatible with North America LTE networks. The battery was draining extremely fast even with very light usage. Couldn't return it in time since I was out of the country and now I'm stuck with it.

This item is really cool, so fast and full features...but they send me to operate with sim card just to Europe??? while?? I don't understand that, if the advertisement said UNLOCKED, and now I am in in south America and I had just an expensive tablet but not a great phone. The advertisement it could say...Galaxy Note 3 JUST TO OPERATE IN EUROPE.

I got this about two weeks ago and am loving it .I just up grated from the s 2 and it such a great difference.Am still learning a lot of stuff about the phone and it working grate.
