
This Samsung phone has all the basic features. Voice, text, address file, etc. And it's very small compared to some of the smart phone monsters that will barely fit in a man's pocket. Just a darn good basic cell phone with a long battery life.

I started out looking at $90 phones to use with a non-contract service and came across this wonderful phone.  It does everything Ineed (I have a great desk computer to use for the internet) and the sound is excellent, especially for my hard of hearing condition.I had heard it had a very good battery and after I charged it fully I waited a week, and even with regular use the battery was still fine.I finally gave out at 10 days and charged it again,  I don't know how much longer it would have lasted.  Way to go!  Pat Powers

After a few weeks of use, I am ready to declare my unequivocal love for this phone, despite the fact that my fianc&eacute; calls me an old man, a hipster, and/or simply "Ron Swanson" as a result. These terms may or may not be accurate, but if you are considering downgrading from a smartphone, this is as close to an old land-line as you can get without using something with a rotary dial.I have had AT&T; since it was still Cingular Wireless in 2004. During the last ten years, I more or less followed the evolution of cell phones every time I was eligible for upgrades. My first smartphone was an iPhone 3GS, followed by an awful Android-based HTC that loved overheating and crashing, and then a Windows-based Nokia Lumia 920.Over time, I have noticed that my call quality and reception have worsened with each ostensibly newer and better smartphone. In the case of myNokia Lumia 920, which I've had for around a year, this meant that at least one out of three people whom I called or who called me simply could not hear me. Like other smartphones, the Lumia has an "ambient noise-cancelling sensor." In the Lumia's case, this sensor does not interface correctly with the phone's firmware, whereby most of the time it simply cancels ALL noise coming into the phone, including my voice. This problem reached its apex a few weeks ago when a committee called to interview me for a job across the state, and they could not hear me, in spite of my full LTE bars. Hence, I almost immediately decided to research non-smartphones (dumbphones?), which ultimately led me to purchasing the Samsung A157V.Based on my experience with smartphones, it seems that cell phone technology per se--not the endless multifunctionality of smartphones, but the simple ability to make and receive phone calls (and basic text messages) almost anywhere with a device that is small yet optimally ergonomic--was perfected around 2004. Thus, the cramming of more and more features on to smartphones, then endless marketing blitzes to compel you to acquire these newer, faster, better tiny computers that may or may not actually work as, you know, a phone.The A157V, which is very similar to a Samsung that I owned around ten years ago, is a throwback to the last time that cell phones were just cell phones. Like a lot of reviewers, I appreciate the phone's build quality, insane 10-day standby time, and its overall simple functionality. Best of all, whereas I was previously unable to make or receive calls inside my office building with my previous phone, now people whom I call from pretty much anywhere around town compare my phone's sound to a landline. Finally, my Lumia takes several hours to charge when its charge is less than 20% and it is plugged into an electrical outlet. By contrast, the A157V takes around one hour to charge from one battery-bar (i.e., 20%) to full.I still can't believe this phone costs less than $15 (thanks to Prime, I ordered it on a Friday afternoon and received it Saturday), and that that price includes however many GoPhone minutes come with it.With respect to the criticisms others have offered, I can't address those given by people who attempt to use this as an unlocked phone, a global phone, etc. Nor can I speak to those who have purchased minutes for emergencies or whatever only to have them expire. I'm not reviewing AT&T;'s wireless service (which is VERY hit or miss when it comes to both coverage and customer service), just the A157V's functionality as a cell phone. Hence, the major criticisms that I will address include (1) the misguided notion that an existing AT&T; SIM card is not compatible with the A157V, and (2) the idea that texting is difficult and/or more time consuming than on a smartphone.1. At first glance, it seemed that there was no way that the tiny SIM card (roughly the size of a microSD card) that came out of my Lumia would occupy the over 1-inch input under the battery for the A157V's SIM card. If, like me, you are retrofitting a smartphone SIM card from 2013 into this quasi-2004 phone, the first thing you need to do is to compare your existing SIM card with the one that comes with the phone. Examine the sides of the SIM cards with the brass contacts--not the smooth plastic sides--and you'll find that the actual electronic portions of the SIM cards are identical. What you have to do, then, is to figure out how to insert your smaller SIM card in such a way that the contacts align correctly inside the A157V's much larger input. For me, this entailed some trial and error (try to align SIM card, insert battery, turn phone on, and then see if you have reception other than "emergency use," repeat), but once you get it right there is no need to worry about it further, as the SIM input is spring-loaded and holds the SIM card snugly. Another option, of course, is to take this phone and your old one to an AT&T; store to let them figure out the SIM card situation for you, but that whole process sounds awful to me, particularly since AT&T; doesn't even sell the A157V directly, and I'm not entirely certain that the employees would be able to comprehend a cell phone that has tangible buttons.2. Admittedly, I miss the conversation format that smartphones maintain for text messages, but otherwise I prefer texting with this phone. The key, however, is activating the T9 Predictive Text mode, which allows you to spell out words without having to scroll through numbers/letters one at a time, and to add words (and emoticons) to the T9 dictionary when necessary. Note that if you can't spell words correctly, T9 will probably not work for you that well. To activate T9:a. Flip your A157V open.b. Hit the left side of the navigation button to open a text message.c. Select options.d. Press 1 for "Text Mode."e. Press 1 for "T9 Predictive Text."I'm not going to delve any further into how to use T9, as I'm sure Google and the interwebs can help you out there.I suspect that as more and more people acquire tablets, at least some of them will consider ditching their smartphones (okay, probably not Apple acolytes), given their redundancy. In my case, I still love my Lumia--with its giant, pocket-defying size, it has become a mini-Windows 8 tablet with an awesome camera--but I needed a phone that actually functions as a phone.For under $15, the A157V is as good as it gets. I might buy a few more just to have back-ups down the road when AT&T; inevitably stops producing unpretentious phones built solely to function for the purposes of actually talking to other people. The up-shot of stocking up on these is that the phone's packaging is well-nigh impenetrable, and perhaps apocalypse-proof.

OK phone. But, activation is bizarrely complex, activation required codes hidden on box and in documentation, plus the AT&T support web site pathetic. He web site is especially disappointing when used to activate supporting features such as loading gmail contact into the phone &#8211; it doesn&#8217;t work. Moreover, one GoPhone account does not mean one set of IDs and passwords. Different AT&T web sites require different ID/password combinations. I thought AT&T was high tech. Trying to set up my new GoPhone has been a exercise in frustration and wasted time. If you want a simple, basic phone &#8211; look at other carries first.

Far exceeded my expectations!  The battery lasted for days. Its a great phone to text on. I ended up liking it over my android. Throwback phones aren't all bad. My only problem was when it came to using the internet. Most sites cater to android phones so I couldn't do much with the phone internet wise. If you need a basic and inexpensive phone to get you by, this is a great choice. Plus Samsung makes awesome phones anyway. You cant go wrong with a samsung.

Price was good got it for my delivery driver, he loves the Big screen and big buttons and the display.

No texting, no smart phone! That's what he said. &#34;I just want a basic phone to make calls.&#34; Upon its arrival, we took the chip out of his old phone and put it in this phone. Perfect. All phone numbers moved. No muss or fuss. Highly recommend for ease of use and compatibility with AT&T; service.Thanks again!

got this for my wife  she is always loosing her cell phones  she is tech challenged so this phone works great for her

Sleek, inexpensive cell phone.  I just wanted a cell phone without all the gadgets and this one fits the bill.

Perfect for my 13 yesar old son who refused to manage his iphone & samsung a lesson learned. No smart phone for him this is perfect simply make calls and text. I LOVE IT!!!!!

Exactly what I wanted a basic phone! Works great. I recommend this phone if you don't want/need all the bells and whistles that come with today's phones.

Good Value but take care..make sure you Block the internet-because it is Net capable and you will be charged if you access the Net..I bought it to use on my Metro Account Tech couldn't set it up because it is locked and ATT refused to give me code said AMAZON has to provide..Amazon Rep to follow up Mon AM..

Samsung a157V (AT&T) works very well and it good for  the children who needs a cell phone when they are away from home.

This Samsung cell phone is with a lifelong battery. Just functional. With this you could just send message, make phone call. Fortunately it is cheap!  I do not like it and I do not hate it.

This is a great phone for the price. It's very easy to use, very lightweight and small enough to carry in your packet. The only negative comment I have is the buttons to browse the menu are kind of awkward.

I hate telephones but when I saw the price of this one I bought it just in case I ever needed to call 9-11. Apparently all cellphones will allow 9-11 calls even if they're not activated.I haven't actually tried 9-11 yet because I hear that I'll get arrested if I do without there being an actual emergency, but I am keeping my eyes open for a good reason to call 9-11. Hopefully I'll run across an accident or a cat in a tree or something. Anything to see it it really works.But if you hate phones but need inexpensive (no charge after the phone is bought) emergency calling power this could be what you're looking for. I guess the clock and appointment calendar are extras.And another great thing is you can pretend you're on the phone when you don't want to talk to friends on the street. That alone makes it worth the price.

I needed a simple non-smart phone for a second line.  This phone works perfectly.  I didn't need the bells and whistles of a smart phone, just the phone and voice mail.  You can't beat the price.

Bought this as a backup if kids loose smart phone (let them suffer with 3 button text entry) until we get a new smartphone.  Had opportunity to use it when iPhone 4 stolen from son a couple of weeks ago, it is very, very basic functionality, forget about using it for anything but making and receiving basic calls or checking email.He used it for a week until inexpensive replacement iPhone4 found on craigslist.  A friend was burned buying iPhone on craigslist when the phone they bought was found to be blacklisted as stolen when setting up with carrier, so we made sure that seller came into AT&T; store with us to confirm iPhone was legit, it was.

Great little phone. Purchased for hubby.  He just wants to use phone, no bells or whistles.  Likes to be able to flip to answer or end calls.  The only reason did not give 5 stars, the center navigation button opens the broswer instead of option to use address book.  This key cannot be changed.  Have to use right or left navigation button.  Purchased to replace At&T contract phone, simple, just transfer SIM card from old phone to new.  Hubby very happy with new phone.

I love it, got my sims card from my old beat up att phone, popped it on this one and done... holds a charge for ever, ( well I dont use it that much) but when I need it is charged. that was not the case on my old one, use it or not it died, hence the new phone. cand do better for the price.

I bought this sub $20 Samsung A157 to serve as an inexpensive phone to use while traveling in Europe. I unlocked the phone using instructions easily available on the web. I bought a SIM card in Madrid (local Orange store [...]) and the phone worked perfectly to make and receive calls to the US and locally in Spain. I plan to buy a 2nd phone for an upcoming trip to Italy and guy local SIM cards.Perfect phone for travel.  Of course if you want to hold on to your own phone number, you have to pay for the convenience.

Bought this phone to replace a broken more expensive one and love it.  It is easy to set up and easy to use.  If you don't need all the bells and whistles this is a perfect phone.  Calls are clear.  The screen display is bright.  The pay as you go without a contract  works brilliantly. This is a great phone for kids.

This works ALMOST perfectly for what we wanted - a basic phone for my mother-in-law who is really starting to have some age-related dementia issues except:  For a basic phone why does it access the internet (and why is that one of the main buttons) and why is it SO hard to get to the address book - that is actually beyond my mother-in-law at this point - it takes me a bit of effort to navigate it (I think it is 5 button pushes and they are not obvious).  Luckily if you hit the send button without a number a recent calls list pops up so every so often I go in and load her list but it would be so much nicer if they made the address book a main button - and moved the internet (lets be serious - most people are not buying this phone for internet access) to a less accessible place...

We purchased identical phone in Jan, battery life did not last; had to re-purchase.Hoping to try one more time - maybe it will be better.Thank you,Penny

My mama loves this device. Have to go ahead and order her a couple more before u all run out.

This is nice but i missed the charger, i don't know where i put it. Is there any way you can send me another one. Please!

Very simple phone, works great, all the basic phone features, to make and manage all your phone contact info. I am happy it does not have a camera feature. Surprised the battery life is not a bit longer.

This is a great phone for travelers. Once you unlock the phone (see the other Amazon review for unlocking instructions), you can use pre-paid sim cards purchased abroad.  I used this phone with an Italian TIM SIM card.  The phone is QUAD-band, so it will work globally.  Another nice feature is that it charges with a standard micro-USB cable, so you can minimize the # of chargers that you have to carry (very important when backpacking).Overall it's a lightweight, global, reliable and simple phone to use while traveling abroad.  Highly recommended!

When my husband dropped his last phone in the toilet for the THIRD time, it finally died. He doesn't like smart phones, which is a good thing because with his track record with phones I won't let him have one. His prior phone was similar to this one. At the AT&T phone store they wanted us to sign a 2 year extension on his phone plan in order to "buy" a new phone for $50. We didn't want to extend his phone plan. Without the plan we were told we would have to buy the phone at the full price of $200.00 dollars! I refused to pay that much for a cell phone. I found this one on Amazon and it had all the same features of his prior phone. It sends and receives calls and texts. It does not have a camera, but my husband didn't want a camera. It has large buttons so that he can see them clearly.  It was so cheap I was sceptical that it would work. The phone was brand new, we charged the battery, replaced the SIM card from his old phone. It comes with a charger. It works GREAT!!!

good value for price

if you want a phone that makes phone calls, receives phone calls and takes messages, this is your phone. why pay more?

After a very simple unlock phone I use it on Simple Mobile. Excellent battery life. The only thing kinda don't like is the buggy menu system, when pressing the center enter button its trying to open att website. To me that middle button should bring up the menu instead.

I had been looking for a flip phone for months , wanted just a phone not a computer, no apps .  This phone is just  great-charge the battery using the included mini-charger , insert  a sim-card ,  no activation -excellent

We are looking for a non-smart phone and I bought this one which is very easy to use and it does its job.

Want just a simple flip phone, nothing fancy?  This is the phone for you! And you can't beat the price! Also, if you aren't going to be using it as a GO Phone, which is how it arrives, you van activate it through AT&T over the phone and get the cheapest phone plan EVER!

you can find some key sequences online to unlock this phone.  It works nicely with my tmobile sim card.  nice cheap phone solution

It's a phone that rings and has a dial pad and we can use for voice mail. That's all I needed to add a line for $20/mo-no contract with AT&T's Mobile Share. (A review AT&T would be love/hate at this point, but there are no really good carriers...tried 'em all.)

This was purchased to provide a replacement phone for my son who lost his iphone.  We just wanted something cheap, with good battery life so that he could keep in touch.The phone arrived quickly with Amazon Prime, and he was up and working with AT&T; in no time.  Four weeks later though, he did find his original phone to use.  He will hold on to the Samsung as a spare if needed.

my son lost his original AT&T phone now he treasure this more than ever,it's simple but it gets the job done

Nice little phone that has voice mail and old fashioned texting. It is easy to use and serves the purpose for my mobile work phone.

Very good to use only simply calling and receiving. Only one concern is the back cover easily to slip out.

AT&T; has been telling me that my dropped calls due to poor reception were because my old Motorola RAZR V3 used the older EDGE technology, and all of the radios out there now are either G3 or the newer G4.If I wanted better reception, I needed a phone that supported newer technology.So, I got this cheap phone to test that out.It was not the case. Everywhere my V3 RAZR had no reception, this phone had no reception.I guess in the grand scheme of things, a $15 loss isn't too bad.

This phone isn't as advertised. it's probably a good phone, but won't work with my husband's ATT plan. It was advertised on the Amazon website as ATT, but when it arrived, the first one had a faulty charger and the second one I ordered wouldn't recognize a standard ATT sim card. I'm having to return it since it's not as advertised.

Great deal and the sound is so clear. Only for $14.99! I'm so glad I got this phone and it is easy to use.

This phone fits well in almost any pocket, has a bright face with large numerals and works flawlessly.  Foe the price it is amazing

On my own most of the time and I realized that I really should have a cell phone when driving.  Large numbers easy to read. The phone came in a sealed box that would defy Godzilla's efforts to open.  The huge instruction book is a bit daunting.  But my daughters have got me set up and running.  Signed up with the Lycamobile  phone plan that several Amazon customers recommended.  So far all OK.  The phone comes with a wall plug charger and I recommend a car type charger be purchased.NGC

Usually when you use a &#34;dumbphone&#34; such as this it is a royal pain to text. With this phone however there are multiple keyboard settings. One of these settings is predictive typing where you only have to touch the key with the letter you want and it'll spell the word for you. No longer do you have to hit each key multiple times to get a specific letter. This phone also supports 3G though the screen is kind of small for browsing regularly. I purchased this phone while my smartphone was being fixed so I can say that if you are on an at&t contract and have a microsim card this phone will work. You will have to position the sim card just right for it to work though, and make sure you attach something to it so you will be able to get the card back out.

I bought this as a travel phone.  My iphone doesn't have a sim card that I could find so for the price, this was a good backup.  Plus I didn't have to worry about losing it.  It was a bit retro to text, but otherwise it was great.

It should be made more clear this is a LOCKED phone programmed to AT&T SIM cards. "Easy to use in over 50 countries", but is that possible if this is a LOCKED phone? So, I tried the code "gomike" shared with us (and more sites online), and it worked here, in the US. Luckily, before I'd mail it to my folks in Europe, I did some more research looking for reviews of people who used the phone overseas. DO NOT USE THE CODE *2767*3855# if you want to use the phone in Europe. Your IMEI # will be erased and change to 0, which won't work with any of the European providers. Supposedly, if you skip that step and go straight to #*7337# (which will remove SIM lock and reset phone), this should do the trick. I was not able to try it myself since I could not restore my erased IMEI # to its original one. Amazon provided me once again with outstanding customer service. They took the phone back, and I got a full refund, even though I erased its IMEI #. Thanks AMAZON!

Pure Talk is my provider, and the free flip phone they sent me wasn't that great, so when it died after getting wet, I bought this phone at Wal-Mart for about $14.  I only wanted it for texts and calls.  I don't need a camera on my phone, or anything fancy.  I've only had it a few days, but so far it's been great.  I like the ring tones just fine, and it does what I need it to do.  The employee who sold it to me put my sim card in from the Pure Talk phone and it worked great.  No need to unlock, or anything like that.  AND since I used the same sim card, I got to keep my phone number.  Perfect!

Nothing special but I bought these for  7 and 8 year olds first phone, perfect for that. They like them.

Excellent phone, had same for yrs. very easy to operate reason I purchased another.

I got this phone for my 75 year old dad because it looks just like the one he had that died. He is very happy with it and it works great. It is just a plain phone without an internet plan.

it is very convenient to buy in on amazon. it goes with a AT&T card, so i donot need to buy a card and can refill money directly on the internet.

My wife just wanted a flip phone like her old one. Nothing fancy as she just texts and makes calls. She loves it...Unfortunately she found out that it does not have a camera and would've liked it much better if it had one.Only cost me $20. I found lout that a later model has one ( a camera) so that's what I'm going to buy her.

I just got this cell phone lastnight.I was excited at first. But after I put my at&t; SIM card in the phone, it shows 'emergency only'. So I cannot use the phone to call anyone but 911? really?and I just realize that ppl have same problem as well. I guess I should read this bad review before I purchase.I think the Amazon should show the info about that can the buyer use their exited SIM card or not.Next day, I call AT&T; 1.800.331.0500 and ask the c.s. representative to fix this problem for me. She said all the phone that is not purchased from the AT&T; store, sometimes you have to call AT&T; to activate the phone.So She tried to activate my phone, however we just realize that my SIM card is not compatible with this device after the phone is activated. The lady suggest me to go to the AT&T; store and get the upgrade SIM card which is free.I have to say, even I was not happy when I find out that I cannot use the phone, but I am appreciated the help from that c.s. representative, I think her name is Kailey. She is really sweet and helpful.so here is some info that I would like to share:1. to active your phone, call 1.800.331.0500, and give them your info and also the IMEI# (which is on the back of the phone, you probably have to take the battery out first.)2. if your screen shows 'SIM not allow MM#3', that means your SIM card is not compatible with the device. you can go to the AT&T; store and request the new one.

I needed a phone that worked in Canada for a month at a reasonable cost. The phone and a pre-paid plan from AT&T; performed well.My only complaint was that when I accidentally pressed the &#34;OK&#34; button the browser was started and I was charged a few cents every time for the connection.

Default display font is small. Otherwise works fine. No fancy features but basic functions all work as intended. . .

I bought this as a backup phone. Put the sim card from my primary phone and it worked fine.The sound is clear. Can't change the ring tone and making calls from the directory is very cumbersome.

not many flip phones but this one works great and came very fast.

I bought this for my 10 year old so he could talk to his friends or have it for emergencies. It's easy to use and works great!

Such a great starter phone.  I didn't want a long contract or to pay for data for a kid's first phone.  This is a throwback so it makes texting laborious, which is what I was going for and it has no data to over run or give access to things I don't want my kid to have access too.  Seems durable enough and I doubt anyone wants to steal it or I have to worry about a shattered screen.

No volume control and no Bluetooth capability. Other than that it's an OK simple flip-phone. A better one is the AT&T Z222 with Bluetooth.

very light cell phone , good battery life , very useful to be backup phone or second phone , came with Go sim

Fast delivery, I bought this phone for my mom because of the large number display and my mom loves it, she can hear it clearly.  I am very happy with the product and the merchant. Thank you

Good basic (very basic!) phone.  But if you just want communication (&#34;pick up a loaf of bread&#34;, &#34;where the hell are you&#34;) and don't want or need all the bells and whistles of most phones today, this might be the one for you.  Several plans to choose from and one of them is pretty basic (again, very basic!); just ten cents per minute.  Only drawback, and it's a minor one, is that your number will probably have been previously owned by somebody else and you'll be getting his/her calls for a while.  Just keep telling them, this is not longer his/her number and they should eventually stop calling!

I bought this phone at Walmart as the battery was going out in my other phone, which is a, I guess considered a smart phone.  I bought this phone and it had AWESOME battery life.  The numbers were big and it is just a simple phone.  I had no trouble putting my SIM card in it.  I love the charger that it came with and I use it with my smart phone that I had to purchase a new battery for.  The smart phone chargers are just a pain in the butt to me!

I bought this phone for my husband as he decided he might need a phone for his job.  He does a lot of driving and if he had car trouble or got lost without a phone he would have no way to get in touch with the company.  He wanted the cheapest, just make a call phone he could find.  I couldn't find one much cheaper and about all it does is make and receive calls.  It is a flip phone, thin and compact.  It slides into his pocket easily, holds a charge for at least a week since he doesn't use it much.  The numbers are a bit bigger than most phones and he doesn't complain about the hearing problem with his hearing aids.  For what he wanted, you couldn't ask for better.

I bought this phone thinking it was unlocked but couldn't use it abroad when I travelled and still had to try and unlock it very dissapointed

For the price seems like a fairly solid phone with a good feel to it.  Like the multiple alarm features and a decent voice message recorder.First tried putting my known good Consumer Cellular sim card in and see if it worked.  It didn't.  Then tried the unlock procedure and inserted my sim card again.  The phone still didn't work.  Got a "sim not allowed M#3" error message the same as other reviewers have noted.  Re-inserted the sim card and re-entered the unlock codes several times to ensure I hadn't made a mistake.Note a few web sites I visited questioned the validity of the unlock procedure for the a157V model which apparently is an upgrade of the a157 for which the unlock procedure does seem to work.Will be calling Consumer Cellular to see if I can get it to work.  Otherwise it's going back to Amazon.Update - Spoke with CC technical support.  They say I should be able to insert their sim card into an ATT phone, including this GO phone, and it should work as ATT phones are unlocked.  Which obviously it didn't.  This suggests the phone itself doesn't work.  So back it goes to Amazon.Next time I'll try it out in a Best Buy store to confirm it works before I buy.Update 2 - Went to Best Buy and had a tech support rep try out my SIM card in still another new out of the box a157 phone.  Again didn't work.  So now CC is sending me a new SIM card to try out.  Best Buy cell phone tech support rep says this phone comes unlocked and is purchased by many of their customers who travel overseas.  Will update again when I get the new SIM card.Update 3 - At first it still didn't work when I installed the new SIM card.  However, through experimentation I finally figured out the problem was this phone's VERY POOR SIGNAL SENSITIVITY.  Finally had success where the signal outside was strong. Note there was no need to "unlock" a new phone I had obtained. The net is I'm saving this phone as a backup and still using my nearly 10 year old Motorola phone which has no problem picking a signal up inside my home.

Very basic no frills phone. Good value for 10 or 15 dollars and to use as a spare travel phone.

This is a phone, pure and simple. After spending hundreds on a smartphone and a hundred bucks or more per month for the smartphone plan, I dumped all that and purchased this little thing. $15 for the phone and $25/month for minutes. Plus, i get unlimited texting...not that I'll be doing a lot of texting on this keyboard, but I do receive a lot of texts!Pros. I love that I can leave this phone for *DAYS* without having to worry about the battery.Color screen is vibrant! Plus, when dialing, the numbers are HUGE on the screen so I don't need to use my glasses to see what it is I'm dialing!I love that it also takes my now standard USB mini?(Micro?) plug to charge so all my old chargers will just work with this phoneCons. Non-standard earphone jack...gotta use a converter to use a standard earphone.The shiny case gets scuffed up pretty easily and it will start to look trashed after a couple of months.No camera.I have replaced my smartphone with a tablet. I don't get it...a Samsung Tablet with 4G data costs less than a Samsung phone.Through AT&T; I got their 2GB/month data plan for $30. So total, my voice and data is less than if I purchased a smartphone. And the phone plus tablet costs less than a smartphone too! Sure, I have to use two devices, but I find that rather convenient! i can talk and text at the same time!

Very easy to unlock (you can do it yourself) and comes at a good price too. Have bought some of these to gift elderly people.

This is NOT a simple phone to operate.I bought this as an extra (I currently use an iPhone).It was a MAJOR pain to set up - and setting up a prepaid AT&T; account was a MAJOR ordeal.It works fine - but don't order if you are looking for something easy.If you want a cheap throwaway and don't mind spending time setting it up - it is an OK choice.

I am a very proud owner of Samsung products over the  past several years ...  They are very well made and very simple to use...

My wife is always losing her phone as well as her replacement phones. Plus, she is always on her tablet, so she never uses the &#34;smart&#34; parts of her phone. So, when she dropped her last phone in the bath last week, I was done getting her nice phones! I found and ordered this little phone for cheap on Amazon Prime, and 15 hrs later it arrived at my door (I love Amazon Prime!). I put my wife's SIM card in, and the phone fired right up. It is perfect! It is small, fits in her pocket, is easy to use, and has great sound quality. She loves it. And I love it, too, especially since it will be cheap for me to replace it when she loses it next week!

If all you want is a portable phone, without gizmos, for emergencies, to cut the phone bill at home or to stay away from high tech touch screens, then I highly recommend this model for you.This was actually for my mother since she's always hated the idea of having a cell phone but didn't like paying $50 for phone service. So she broke down, decided to go with Consumer Cellular since it was very cheap and wanted a phone, nothing more. Thankfully, this thing is specifically that, a compact telephone. It does have the ability to text and surf the web but uses 10 year old tech and with the small 2 inch screen, seems to make it more trouble than it is worth. The battery life is fantastic, lasting a week easily by just not using it, every three or four days if you have a regular 20-30 minutes of talking every day. It is small, fits easily in pockets and pretty easy to use if you follow the directions or know someone who can help you set things up, like your speed dial or entering people into the phone book. It is an AT&T; phone, but you can use the pay as you go service or use a SIM from other AT&T; phones, as well as Consumer Cellular does offer a free SIM if you sign up with them.

Unlock instructions valid as of 6/20/2014. APN setup instructions are specific to ekit/Go-SIM/JT - Telestial  brand of SIM cards. Adjust instructions for other brands - no guarantees.Everything you need to know about unlocking this quad band GSM phone - so you can use a Go-SIM card. If you're not into tinkering - then I recommend buying an unlocked GSM phone directly from GoSIM - as their phones are reasonably priced too.I needed basic phones to keep in touch with my family on a trip to the UK and a EU countries on a Baltic cruise on Royal Caribbean. I wanted the phones setup and reasonably tested stateside before leaving.(Use any phone with caution on cruise ships - keep phones off - and wait to get off the ship - and get some distance away from the ships cell systems before powering up)Testing stateside is sometimes easier said than done depending on the SIM chosen and your phone model. I was able to near fully test these cheap Samsung's - but unable to fully test my SIM unlocked Sprint Samsung Galaxy S4. The Sprint S4's are firmware blacklisted from ever using T-mobile or AT&T; here in the US - and GoSIM needs/uses these carriers stateside. The S4's will work abroad, just can't properly pretest them here in the US.These cheap Samsung's are great for voice calls and SMS texting. While it does contain a browser, it is clunky, small, andmost importantly - it will not work by default - as adding APN's for mobile data is not simple on this phone. More on that later.Removing SIM Lock:1) Remove SIM / Power up your phone2) Perform Master Reset by bringing up you dialer and entering:*2767*3855#Your Phone Reboots Automatically3) Perform SIM unlock by bringing up you dialer and entering:#*7337#Your Phone Reboots Automatically4) Power Down phone - Insert GoSIM - Power Up and Violla - Phone now accepts non AT&T; Sim cards.5) Follow directions provided by GoSIM{If you don't get prompted to set your location - that SIM menu can be found at: Menu - Tools - STK Menu}To be complete and to get Data Working {but why bother - get a real phone  :) } :1) First you must call GoSIM customer service. You will need to obtain two additional codes associated with their GoSIM card - known as SIM2 Pin Code  &  PUK2  code. Note, this is different than the SIM Pin & the PUK written on the GoSim card. Customer service will likely resist you - tell you that they don't use them, we're Pinless, you don't need them, or think you are asking for the Pin or PUK. Be persistent - they have them - it is just they are seldom asked and they themselves can't understand why they're needed.2) Create Network Profile:  Menu - Settings - Connectivity - Network Profiles - Options - Create- Under Set Name enter: ekit- Under Access Name enter: mobiledata- Under Home URL:  (Optional) any website URL (will open that page when browser is launched)Then save it.  Select ekit - as the active profile (ie. the AT&T; profile is no longer selected)3) Unlock APN Control List:  Settings - Phone - Security - APN Control - ON.- You will be prompted to enter PIN2 code.(should you fail three times - you will need the PUK2 code)4) Add APN: Settings - Phone - Security - APN Control List - Options - Add- You will be prompted to enter PIN2 code.- You will be prompted to enter APN name: mobiledata5) Open browser and enter a URL (reboot phone if needed) Enjoy!

Works well. Bought this as a gift for my mother. Very easy to use and has all you need to get started with cell service.

not sure if the antenna is weak in this phone, or the att service is bad in my area, but i got horrible reception on this phone.it worked just fine when reception was good though.  and it weighs as much as a feather.  if you need a cheap phone for now, get this phone. i wouldnt recommend it for long term use. also, consider another phone if you text alot.  texting on a keypad is annoying and strenuous.

Nowhere in the product  description did it indicate that a Sim card was included with the product. in fact, the product page indicated that a Sim card was frequently purchased with the product. When I received the phone there was at Sim card included. It was only an additional three dollars extra to purchased this additional Sim card, but I was disappointed that the description of the product was not clear.

Get rid of the costly data plans that you get with your smartphone, lock in this awesome simple phone, get a cool table and use wifi capabilities to feed with data. This works for most people that have wifi available virtually where they are 80% of their time.The cell phone is very simple, yet has alarm, calendar and all basic old style app. It is very sturdy and the battery life is great, like a week without charging. I got it a couple months back and I'm very happy I did.

I got this product not knowing what to expect.  It works great.  It came with full battery, and came with a new sim card.  It was a great buy. I dont use it for a ATT Go plan, I use it for everyday use.  Great phone.

Got this phone as a back-up phone when I am traveling overseas. Works fine in Asia. Really easy to use with big buttons and display. Can be used internationally on any SIM once unlocked.Supplied charger works 110V to 240V.The phone uses old style normal size SIM cards. Sound quality is ok for a budget phoneUnlocking is also no brainer.

pretty s***ty phone. its hard to program and you cant change the time on it. overall you get what you pay for i guess

Got this to give to my kid as a punishment phone.  You'd of thought I was the devil.  Phone worked good the whole time she was on restrictions,  battery lasts for days, my texting and data rates went down.

This phone gets 5 Stars because it is so easy to unlock.Step 1: Remove SIM card from phone and turn the phone on.Step 2: Dial *2767*3855# This will  initiate a Full reset for Samsung A157Step 3: Once the phone restarts, dial #*7337# This will remove SIM  lock and reset phoneStep 4: Now insert your SIM card. and restart the phone.Great phone to use on Lycamobile, only 2 cents per min!

Only thing I didn't like is it doesn't take photos.  Like it is small, just open and talk.  It would be prefect if i could add 10 mp camera to this phone. no internet.  Also it would be good to have auto answering for in coming calls.  Cells today are going to the bigger end so they can do internet.  Now I do text off and on.  Maybe easier to type a text.PSBuy the way I have a Motox and have the internet off, had to install a app to stop apps.  And do have auto answer app.  The motox is to big for me.thanks

easy to use for my needs

Just using my normal SIM card in this phone.  It does your basic calling and texting.  I'm used to texting on a touchscreen or full keyboard so I dislike punching in on the predictive text.  One big drawback is there's no volume adjustment.  Most of the time I don't need to adjust anything, but if it gets loud I have to adjust my location rather than just turn up the volume.  I'd buy it again if I just need a basic phone.

Stopped charging after only 4 months of serivce.  Very disappointed.

Samsung a157V is good.it is cheap and with very good quality.it's good for short time visitors of this place.

I've got two (more) stashed for "Mom" because she's not able to deal with more complicated stuff than this when her current one breaks (same thing).  I don't want a phone that I can't figure out or work (her words) and only wants a basic phone she can operate without getting confused.  She's very happy with this model and the price is right!

This is certainly a no frills phone for a no frills price. My old AT&T go phone bit the dust after several years of abuse. I purchased this as a replacement. I prefer the flip phone since it prevents accidental dialing from my pocket or camera bag. I pulled the sim card out of my old go phone, put it in this one and was read to go. Very pleased with it.

Very easy to use for a non-tech savvy person.  Small, yet comfortable in its size. My mom is finally using a cell phone.

Very nice simple cell phone.  I need few bells or whistles as I use it only for quick work related calls.  Love it.

Cheap and a flip phone that is why we chose that phone we bought another track phone and was very hard to use. Also got it from amazon

A no frills, it just does what a phone should do, make and receive calls and the price is great.

I don't need too many functions for a cell phone which I use for emergency because I am retired and can be reached most of the time during the day. I wanted something low cost!

Bought this to be used in case of emergencies for my 10yr old son when he is traveling to amusement parks, skiing etc-any large public venue. Tried to use it today as he is traveling with friends and found out they cancelled the phone-it's dead. I called customer service to re-activate it etc and it's useless apparently. He hadn't used it since August but I bought a minutes plan that should have rolled over to keep it active as long as there was money in the account(very aware of this)-it did not. No emails/phone call to warn me-just a dead phone and lost minutes.  My only option is to buy a SIM card from the AT & T store and reactivate-doesn't do me much good when I needed him to use it today. So my advice would be if this is for true emergency purposes with infrequent use-this is not the phone for you-or buy a bunch of SIM cards and only load small amounts of money on it.

The absolute best feature is its keyboard layout. The keys are relatively large, brightly back-lit with nice, bold, easy to read numbers. Another great feature is the phone's styling... it's sleek, streamlined, lightweight... very compact and sports an appealing smooth, glossy black finish. And, it's comfortable and convenient enough to carry in a shirt or pants pocket.The weakness with this phone, is in one aspect of its construction. Overall, it's very well made with the consistency of Samsung's reliability and high quality performance. But, the removeable sliding back panel (battery compartment cover) is very thin; and, looks and feels as though it could easily bend and break. Fortunately, the only time that you'd really ever need to open/ close the back cover is when you initially insert the SIM card and install the battery. So, the fragile construction of the battery cover is almost a non-issue; but worth mentioning... just be careful when you slide it because its thinness makes it very easy to misalign.The only significant drawback is its lack of an external volume toggle (rocker.) So, other than activating the "Speaker Phone" option, the only way to permanently increase/raise the volume level is to go to the Menu... select "Settings"... then go to the "Sound" profile... change the sound setting option from "Normal" (the default setting) to "Outdoor" (its optimum volume setting.) Otherwise, the sound quality for both incoming and out-going calls is crisp and clear.All-in-all, this is a simplified, no-nonsense, bare-bones phone that's both affordable and easy to use. And while it's by no means perfect, for the price... it's quite nice!

Best cheap phone ever.  Big buttons for mom to use. Easy and free to unlock,Step 1: Remove sim card from phone and turn the phone on.Step 2: Dial *2767*3855# This will  initiate a Full reset for Samsung A157Step 3: Once the phone restarts, dial #*7337# This will remove sim lock and reset phoneStep 4: Now insert your sim card. and restart the phone.DONE.

Worked fine right out of the box. I put my old SIM card into it and it worked right for a week and then stopped. Talked to AT&T, it turns out I need a new SIM card (which they gave me at no charge) since my old SIM card still said Cingular on it, that's how old it was. Working fine now.

This phone is perfect for my grandma. She doesn't know how to use technology very well and does struggle with even this, but with all of the other phones available this is the perfect one for her situation. I was pleased with the price of this phone and its brand new!!

I had an AT&T Chinese ZTE phone lasted about a year screen went blank and it had horrible battery life.  I ordered this Samsung a157v put it on the provided charger removed the battery and popped in the AT&T go phone SIM card phone was up and running in less than two minutes no programming or unlocking needed for an existing go phone customer.  My only mistake was the not saving my contact list on the old ZTE to the SIM card so I had to retype in my all my contacts (my error).  For a basic GSM phone to make calls and send text this is the phone to have. The Samsung battery life (standby time), voice quality, reception and build quality are all excellent for this price point. I would add this phone is slimmer and lighter weight than the old ZTE.  If you are a minimalist and/or a cheapskate like me and you tend to lose, drop, and abuse your phones this is the solution. I plan to buy a spare at this price why not have a backup phone a spare battery and charger ready to go.

I refused to sign another two year pricey contract; so after my contract expired three years ago, I continued usage of the same phone; refusing to upgrade because it would cost more money a month, smartphone or not.  My plan consist of $63 a month for 400 voice minutes, 200 monthly text, extend unlimited evening calling to begin at 7:00pm instead of 9:00pm and 15000 weekend voice minutes.  That is quite pricey for someone who does not use their cell phone a whole lot.  The touch screen on my Samsung A877 Impression stop working; I tried to revive it with a code and it did not work.  So I ordered the Samsung a157V and place my Sim card from my old phone inside the slot and it began to work like a charm.  I have a monthly service plan and this phone is a to-go prepaid phone.  It works, i am not left without a cell phone and the cost was resonable $14.

I dropped and broke my $600, 3 month old Samsung Galaxy S4, I had to ship it to Samsung in Texas and was told it could be up to 2 weeks before I receive my S4 back. I can go without the data and the other smartphone doo-dads for a couple of weeks but I needed something cheap just to make and receive calls in the meantime. And This phone fits the bill. It's built better and the and call quality is better than I expected. If this was anything besides a no frills phone I would have given it 1 star. But for 15 bucks it is great for just making calls and texting.

My mother-in law wanted a no nonsense flip-phone with easy to read numbers... this is it!  I was a little confused at first because the package it came was for a ATT &#34;go phone&#34;, (prepaid), but after opening up, I saw that the SIM it uses is just like any normal phone, put the card from her old phone, and we where up and running!  Due to the fact that it is a Korean phone, we expect it to last for years to come...

These phones remind me of the days before smart phones. I was sucked into a smart phone and regret it now, the worst part was that I was stuck with sprint. Now that I have this phone i'm not so distracted, the cell reception/ call quality is amazing, my phone last weeks with out a charge.The pros-my wife is happy that she can reach me-great for people who have ADHD because its so simple and doesn't have useless apps to distract-my bill is 10 dollars a month because I'm able to pick a plan perfect for me and not pricey unlimited plan-super light-super durable my wife doesn't understand why they can't make a smart phone as durable as my 8$ phoneThe cons- not the best in talk time battery but still amazing-maybe too light I forget that I have it and I might wash it-not for power users-so simple that it doesn't have blu tooth or a cameraThe fact that you are looking at this phone shows that you already knew this.

We aren't into the fancy technologies of today.  All we wanted was a phone, small and easy to use, and that is what we got with this.  You can still do quite a bit with this - text, take pictures and a number of other things; but its still simple compared to the fancy iphones that are available.  We needed a replacement phone for a really ancient flip phone. When we received it, we si.ply took out the SIM card in the old phone, put it in the new phone and sewers off and running.

It's not fancy, but it works.  not as easy to use as a touch-screen phone, but also doesn't have a lot of annoying features you don't want or need.You can use this phone if you already have a contract plan: just don't use the GoPhone simcard but use a regular sim that you get from AT&T; or from your old phone.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  She is using it on a friend's AT&T family call plan - she said she put her sim card in the phone and was making calls within minutes.  Calls are crystal clear.  Great buy.

I wanted a cell phone, not a pocket computer.  I have had several &#34;smart phones&#34; but they never functioned as a phone all that well. Poor reception, hard to hear, higher monthly bills due to the data usage.  I wanted back to basics.I will admit loosing the QWERTY key board of the more modern phones was bit of a set back, but I do not text all that much to begin with and the phone has the T9 text with the ability to add words not found in it's dictionary.This phone has great reception, even places where the other phones would never get a signal, this thing pulls at least one bar of signal at all times.  It also has great battery life (something unheard of in the smart phone realm) I have gone a week plus in between charges on this phone.I am in my early thirties,and I love how advanced modern technology has become, but it seems that phone companies are more set on the next wizz-bang tech, that they lose sight of the phone being a phone.

I purchased this phone to use as an extra phone for an additional line, I have. Very simple and easy to use. I just keep it plugged in at my house to use in case of emergencies.

Phone worked great for what it was. If you just want something simple this is a good phone. I've upgraded to a smart phone but actually kinda miss this phone.

Small enough to fit in a pocket or purse without a lot of extra weight. Didn't need a phone with big screen for video. Came with a sim card, called AT&T to set up pay-as-you-go so got just what I wanted.

The screen glare is so bad that if you plan to buy this phoneit would be best if you are a shut in.Phone could also use more volume.

This phone was bought for my wife who rarely uses a mobile phone. I needed to get her something that would  be as simple and basic as possible and the Samsung 157V has been the answer. I appreciate the simplicity and the battery life of the phone.

Had to buy two of these for my parents who are not into smart phones. They were coming off the old metal Razrs. These work fine. They are plastic but for the price, worth it without a doubt. Also good for an emergency backup phone. ATT, here.
