
I wish I would never brought this phone its trash. I can not really hear on it. It goes off sometimes when I'm texting.  I can not send pictures out on this garabage phone sometime its just garabage because its tooooooo Many problems with it.

The only thing I am worried about? Well it work with Striaght talk that's my only concern about it.Can anybody give me any info on this please talk soon

thanks very good phone

It's slow and the speaker doesn't work. You can't adjust the calibration it's just a waste of money. And it's nothing like a note 3

Its an excellent phone but it just don't have 4G service that makes it so slow to perform any simple task.

It is not what it was descibed to be. Can't download apps or anything else on the DUD! My suggestion is not to sell the JUNK!

Total crap wasn't worth to even order its slow won't load app it foreclosed everything not worth the time to get

This phone is horrible. It has horrible reception, and the advertisers lied about the amount of RAM. I found it to be 254 mb, when it was claimed to be 512. Also, they claim to have 4G of internal memory, but the phone only has 512 mb of ROM. The operating system is a mix between 2.3 and 4.1, but can't be distinguished as one or the other, but one thing is for sure; It's not 4.1. Please, follow my advice and look for another phone, hopefully I will be the last to make such a horrible decision.

Do NOT Buy this product. . I normally don't write reviews but this phone is by far the worst I EVER purchased. Both front and back camera are awful. My phone stopped working altogether 3 days after it was purchased AND it cracked after falling on carpet. I paid $100 and if u pay over $5 your getting screwed. . It's very cheaply put together and I wish I would have reconsidered. Everything that glitters isn't gold

DROP CALLSSCREEN TURN-OFF WITHOUT WARNINGSCHINESE CHARACERS OUT OF NOWHEREAPPLICATION BUGSBAD SCREEN RESOLUTIONWORSE CAMERA SHOTS AND AWFUL PICTURE SETTINGSI WASTED MY TIME, MONEY AND EFFORT ON THIS PHONE.WILL GLADLY SWITCH IT INTO ANY OTHER WORKING SMARTPHONE DEVICE.I AM UTTERLY DISAPOINTED ON MY AMAON PURCHASE.THIS PHONE DOES NOT DESERVE A STAR RATING.I GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR.

I'm so disappointed about this cell. I bought it as a present to my mother in law and it's so embarrassing that the phone doesn't allow to download any applications because it keeps saying the phone's memory is full. She barely downloaded one app and she couldn't do more. The phone won't charge even if she plugs it all night. Phone calls won't come through and media text messages just won't get downloaded. Overall horrible product. I don't recommend it.

happy with quick, on time delivery. nice look, reasonably priced,  but not satisfied with poor, slow, slow  performance, audio so low even w/ max volume on. not recommended.

Phone locked up after only 3 days. Slider won't work and can't find fixes on the internet. Cheap piece of crap!

This phone works very slowly and it gliches .. i am with t-mobile and out of no where my phone was put on reverse and my messages started sending backwards , idk how to take it off so now I'm stuck with a stupid phone , but that's what happenes when you pay a small price for a big phone ..

I cant believe amazon would allow a company like that to be a part of there service .the phone had 1g and a half .suppose to be 4g.i had to switch back to my old phone.horrible the worst dollar store phone.amazon probably will not give me satisfaction im sure

Do not buy it is cheap version of note 3 does not do what is stated and sound and speaker quality horrible. It not worth the money.

When in need of a smart phone and your out at work this is the one for any of your most need task.

This phone is ok for a child who does not use a phone for work or any kind of business.  It's big and durable and has not broken yet.  It has issues with reading the sim card but you get what you pay for.

I wouldn't recommend that anyone to get this phone. It is very slow and the when im trying to charge the phone it seems it takes more than  four hours to complete a full charge. Please done get this phone..

ill start with the good :)-light weight well proportioned,and smooth touch screen.-comes with a nice case and xtra battery-works great with tmobile and at@t in the usa.pop in sim and go!-looks expensive and very slim.-add your own micro sd card and storage isnt an issue.-great battery life. 6hrs of talk time..and days of standby.now the bad :(- specs listed by seller are wrong!  not a big deal concidering the price- but heres the Real specs:arm cortex a5 single core 1ghz cpumali-300 graphics (not to bad)218mb of system ram(not 512mb)256mb of storage  (not 4 gig)480854 res. (240dpi) screen2 point captive multi touchwifi b-g/blutooth 2.1/ No GPS/2g edo data only/.camera on back is actually 640480( inteterpolated to 3mpcamera on front is actually 320240runs on android 2.3 - with a hacked skinmade to look like 4.1 osno adobe flash installed! (but downloading flash was an easy fix tho)now...is this phone worth the price. YES!put a 16gig micro sd in it- download a different launcher (i used ftl launcher) -put a task killer on it ( i used super tool box) - and your good! its less than 100bucks ,looks good,can text -surf web-make calls(and the reception is actually pretty good) and the best part....runs emulators great!(i installed  epsxe.apk for playstion / gameboid.apk for gameboy advance/snes9xEx+.apk for super nintendo/and nds4droid.apk for DSi /and All ran perfectly! (i play ff7 on this!)you see,even tho this phone lacks memory and processing power of most smart fone..it has a Awsome graphics chip! the Mali-300 is incredible for console emulators. so its actually a good deal.i do wish the seller would list the Actual specs of this phone..but im happy with it and will buy more in the future.ps.the free wifi hotspot teather is really nice too! i actually wrote this review using it on my laptop for internet :)

This shouldn't even get a rating. When i ask if it went well with T-Mobile service .well lets just say i was not satisfied at all .the language on the phone is not English.

This phone did not meet my expectations nor needs. It was not compatible to my network services nor USA internet. Good for someone not computer literate.

Horrible phone can't get picture messages it's constantly dropping calls. The internet sucks on it. A total waste of money and I bought two and my daughter is having the same problem with hers.I will not be purchasing cell phones  online again I will go in the store.

the internet is very slow the internet is not gona work with out wifi thats why i dont like it because is 3g thats why

I have ordered this phone. So far I haven't received it yet. It looks legit. But if straight talk does not work with it, let's just say I'll be getting my money back.

Definite pig in a poke. Had better speed with dial up. Talk and text are mediocre at best. Almost none of the apps work.Paid for one day shipping and got the package 5 days later. Not happy at all.$120 total for an electronic paperweight!!

I purchased this phone for my nephew and he was well pleased with it, enjoying every moment of it. will order again

Nice but back cover fragil;the phone look really nice. Thanks  ..you guys must fight for that ....bye .ooohh yeah ..

This phone I could not get on with any carrier waste of money

A lil bit slow

This phone is very nice when you first get it but it does have many faults like-Poor camera-Key board shrinks (then you have to reset the phone)-The &#34;case&#34; it comes with is terrible. I still cannot find a good affordable case that actually fits this phone.-Freezes alot.If your looking to but this phone I'm telling you now you'll most likely be disappointed after you get the hang of the phone.

would not use the 4G offered by my provider, used the slowest internet available, & could not change the settings, slowest phone ever

This is a scam. An absolute joke. Not only does it not get reception, drop calls, and not download videos because the wifi compatibility is so poor, it also shuts off on its own, has very little battery life, and everything is in Chinese!! Hands down the absolute worst phone I have ever had in my life. I should have read more reviews. Don't let the few good reviews trick you, it is terrible.

I regret ever waisting my money. I should've known better. Buying a phone for $80 what do you expect. Ugh!!!

It will not let you play Candy Crush, it will download it but it will not come on. Good Luck.

It does not match with the descriptions. There is no 512 MB RAM on the phone and it is a Chinese brand. I can barely download 5 apps on the phone itself. I have to buy a new memory card..

Front camera was low quality, the actual cellphone its self was very, very, slow, I couldn't even access the internet with my data plan without having to use wifi, but thats why I PAY for unlimited internet. Save up and get something better. Its a terrorist phone -_-

i want to get this phone and than i dont because of all the bad reviews i see about this phone

the screen is too bright I tried to adjust the brightness on the screen and it was imposible, I didn't like it because of that I hope I get my money back

I am very pleased with this purchase, we are currently trying to find a case to fit the phone. This was a gift for my teenage daughter and she is in complete love with this phone. Score big for Mom!

Really good phone, just gotta take care of it, and it really depends on wat service u connect with, the phone is great big screen its a android, if u don't have good service u won't have a good data connection or high speeds and u will have calling issues, but over all I like the phone its perfect. It has 2 sim card slots so u can connect with any carrier. I recommend this phone with really good carrier.

Not good at all it the worse phone i never had it doesn't want to receive incoming call slow like a turtle

Fades out, poor wifi, and phone carrier wifi, blanked out could not work two days straight..... Gave it to my six year old to play with waste of $86+dollars web kept sending some kind of Chinese lettering

Received the phone and the volume was extremely low, then could download any apps.its a nice phone but need more work!!

I chose to give this rating becauae the voicemail greeting is poor after we did the recording, and maybe I dont know the differences with the cameras  but to use the front camera you have to be in good lighting. But the phone itself is very cute.

Is what it says but only works part time. Cant buy cases etc for it.

this phone is a piece of junk!!!! when I got the phone it looked nice an all but I couldn't hear out the phone. the only way I could hear anybody or for them to hear me the phone had to be on speaker phone or I had to have the head phones in... this phone is a waste  of money.... DO NOT BUY

The advertisement for this phone said it had 1GB of ROM when it only had 512Mb.  Also, the volume control had a mind of its own.  I missed several calls because the volume would lower itself to &#34;0&#34; whenever it wanted to, I would only know I had a call when I got a voicemail signal from the phone.  The phone looked great and seemed to be sturdy but the volume issue was too much for me to put up with.

This phone is nothing but treble. I bought this phone to use my country (Bangladesh). Call quality is very bad. Forget about using internet. After using for a week phone died on me.

This phone is too slow and wouldn't let you enjoy some of your favorite apps, it would always exit out of it

The phone was very pretty and stylish but only stayed on about  10 min. I had to go thru the hassle of returning the phone and waiting  on another kind. I was very disappointed.

It will be a great phone once i get it right with straight talk. I purchased this phone for my son and I would recommend this phone

This phone sucks!! It says its unlocked for ATT and T-Mobile but it is only for att  and is only a 2g phone.

The phone worked for only 4 days. This is the absolute worse item I have ever purchased from Amazon. The phone slowed down in loading information, it was almost impossible to use and finally it just blanked out. I am Very disappointed.

I am disappointed :( I buy often from Amazon but  this product It will not work, every time I try to open a page it tells Me to force stop or to rebbot the phone and the Internet will not Open i have to wait at least 5 minutes before it opens and downloading apps makes it imposible due to the time you have to work the phone.....It Is a Bad Selection i do not Recomend this product to no one

The point in purchasing an unlocked phone is so that you can use any service..... well that part is true but you just dont have any contacts listed in phone anymore.... The back of the phone constantly falls off and if you want to how the functions of the phone work good luck there is no hand book to go with it ( there is nothing on line).... If you google anything on your phone it will not be in english for sure even after you choose the language for your phone....

This phone is cheap but fully equipped. I mean this phone is as good as any smart phone available in the current market. I was hesitant at first; but I am glad now about purchasing this awesome phone. (The touchscreen has to be protected with an extra care; use a cleaning wipes product such as25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiperfor this matter).

THIS PHONE IS A WASTE OF MONEY YOU CANT USE THE INTERNET EVEN IF YOU HAVE WIFI YOU STILL CANT CONNECT TO THE INTERNET. IT CANT EVEN GET 4G OR 3G ITS A WASTE OF MONEY...

This phone is not good it's very slow was not happy at all with it will not never buy it again

The Internet service did not work on this phone. I returned it after 2 days. While I loved the design the reception was terrible!

I had to return this phone. Was about to activate phone and the screen locked up on me I tried everything.

got the phone a little while ago, its really nice i like it alot, ive experienced all the problems that have been mentioned on this phone ontop of accidentally frying my sd card but after that little bit of trouble i found this phone to be rather amazing its high quality and once you work out the kinks is very nice

This phone does not has 4G ROM and none about 512MB RAM. It has 512MB ROM and 256MB RAM. Why send a product different to the one offered?

ok

How can l get the phone replaced ...have a 1 yr warrenty on it....quit working ....sound went out...thank you sandra.

This is not a good device. I do not recommend you purchase this items simply because it sucks.. only thing good is my service. No GPS... the pixel is not clear.. I was so upset when I took it out the box.. I knew it wasn't worth the money I spent. My messages is only one way to send..I wish I can get my money back for it... ...Warning don't buy.!!!!!!

Do NOT get this phone! Its slow it lags turns itself off and all around just does not work well.

This item didn't work.  I had issues with it cutting off on without me doing it. The phone was calling people with out me making a call

I loved my phone but it just stop working for me, just when I had downloaded some many things on my new phone but u did keep your word u send a refund back an I order another phone an many more  that I got coming to me an thanks again for been loyalty to me.

THIS PRODUCT IS AWESOME. IM NOT SURE IF IT IS 4G BUT ITS SCREEN IS GREAT AND STRONG. THE INTERNET IS OK AND EVERYTHING ABOUT THE PHONE IS AWESOME. I REALLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE !!!

I rated this product 2 stars because it was not what I expected. If it was a true L3 note, it would have the S beam feature and it would say Samsung Galaxy L3 Note on the back, instead of just a sticker that says Android... Another thing that I am unhappy about is the LED feature, it simply does not work. Even with these problems, I still use it because I need a phone for important things because I am a busy guy. That is all.

This phone worked for 1 whole day then shut down. That was some Bullsh**!! I was very disappointed. DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP!! THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT IT WAS THAT THEY GAVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!

I got phone that I wanted just not the filter and its great unlocked like i wanted and even came with the charger and head set

the fon dont work it was not wat i want i have to much trouble whit this fon i dont like

Actually I bought it as a gift and sent it to the Caribbean. I haven't heard from them. Sorry. Maybe no news is good need

This is not what i expected.not happy there is no memory on the phone,all thwm stupid apps they got on here,wont use any of them,but im stuck with them cause you cant delete them

this is the worst phone ever because you can't do anything on it,can't download facebook or any games,because the memory is to low,need to build in higher memory for selling this phone.Waisted my money on a gift for my daughter of 16 who badly use a phone for facebook,twitter and 1 game (hayday)

this phone is from another country and can be used here, I cant do anything but text and call and that works occasionally ; I only kept it because I need a phone for emergency purposes other then that this phone is worthless and works when it feels like it I went from a galaxy III to this which is a tremendous disappointment.

Well i have a friend that has one and i know how good they are so i got one here on this site and i am looking to getting it

On the positive side is really slim and beautiful, but on the negative side have to say when I was using it the screen turned white and it didn't want it to go back to normal, few days later was back to normal but still doesnt work too well. Otherwise, is better than the black one.

Can't connect to Wi-Fi. Can't get any pictures not enough memory to hold them. And the call always breaks up.

It just stop working and would not turn on.I tried everything to see even buying a new charger. I do love the phone but I wish things were different.

BECAUSEWHEN I GOT THE CELL PHONE AND LOVE THE SIZE.BUT COME TO FIND OUT IT WAS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH VERIZON. WHICH I DO HAVE SERVICES WITH. WHEN I TOOK IT TO GET THE MICRO SIM CARDS THEY LAUGHED AT MY CELL AND SAID YOU NEED TO GET YOUR MONEY BACK. IT HAS BEEN HACKED INFLAME WE CAN NOT** HOOK YOU UP.BUT THEY DID SAY NICE PHONE.

Some phone carriers cannot unlock the phone to be activated. The one company that could do this, still cannot service the phone from tech support. But overall, the phone does the normal functions. Make calls, send texts and browse the internet.

I do not like it at all. First its not a 4g phone. I can not access my hotspot. This is the worst phone I ever brought in my life.

i thinking of buying the phone but im not sure if i wont to get it cause of what im readding about this phone but there good and bad about this phone idk if this phone would work for cricket or boost i, not sure if i wont to get this phone....:(

the phone is good, excellent image processor a bit slow but bearable, good relationship cost value should include the memory because it brings little internal memory

I do not recommend this to anybody I got this trying to save a few bucks and as the old saying goes.... I got what I paid for!!!! The phone doesn't even ring anymore when someone calls, just goes straight to voice mail. When I make a call all they can hear is static. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!

It's a good looking phone, but it didnt work at all. The volume was too low, screen didnt wanna work, buttons didnt wanna work.

slower then my T-moble &#34;My Touch&#34; phone. 2G network only. i use its with WIFI in my house, the WIFI broke off all the time. dont upgrade and apps from its shipping. the internal memory will be full and gave you error.. so, no addition apps can be download even with SD card. I think its software in the phone is bad design. the phone also clack in my pocket. If you look for a cheap phone, try to find something else.

The phone is not ideal for anyone who likes the download games, music, text or email on their phones. But if ou just make and receive calls only, then the phone is perfect for you.
