
This thing is so fast it puts my laptop to shame.  (Samsung R580 core i5).  At least, it sure seems that way.  That may be because it surfs the mobile web sites.  Anyway, to get to the point this phone is a speed demon.  It has so many customizable features you can personalize it almost any way you like.  Wallpapers, passkeys, lock screen tags, app arrangement, voice recognition, it's all here and then some.  If the screen size bothers you, simply enable &#34;one handed operation&#34; mode (be sure to check every box under the menu so it functions across all apps and screens), do a quick swipe of your finger from right to left and back to right, and the screen shrinks down to a customizable box that can be operated much like a smaller cell phone!  It can even recognize when you're looking at the screen or not and shut itself off or pause vids accordingly.  The battery is huge and has lasted me all day.  It's very thin and light.  4g LTE service is the fastest i've seen on a phone.  I switched to At&t from Sprint specifically so I can get the most out of this device.  Sprint never had 4g in the 3 years that I owned my previous phone, the Epic 4G, even though I paid for &#34;premium data&#34;.  In my area, (Central Louisiana), At&t delivers.  Sucks that data is not unlimited and my monthly plan costs more, though.  I have only tapped the surface of what this phone can do.  The camera is amazing.  Video is amazingly sharp and it picks up sound very well.  I saw posts that image stabilization for video was not included but I'm pretty sure it actually is on this model.  There is a tab that says smart stabilization when I recorded vids for the first time and I enabled it and seemed to notice a difference.  I haven't even tried the 4k resolution yet and I am blown away.  Coming from a first generation Galaxy phone to this is truly a worthwhile upgrade.  Basically, it's like carrying a very capable desktop computer in your pocket.  The phone is quite large, but I got used to it in a couple of days.  The swype function is better than ever and even more responsive.  It fulfills the main things I planned to use it for...watching youtube and netflix and recording sharp video.  As time goes on it can evolve to meet any other needs i may have of it.  It's good for business use or fun.  It's like I got a great camera, video camera, web browser, phone, computer and gaming machine all in one!  I plan to get the Smart Trade 2 year warranty from amazon to cover this baby.  As of now I am protecting it with a Bodyguardz screen cover (highly recommended and sold on amazon as well) and an Incipio phone case.  If you're gonna spend the dough for this thing you may as well get some decent protection and coverage.

This phone is perfect in every aspect except for the gps issue. AT&T has been made aware of this issue for months now and has still yet to fix it. Weird how the consumers found the problem and solution before a huge corporation could. Too bad it requires rooting and "voiding the warranty" to correct this problem. It's like they want us to void our warranty or something. Hmm?

Ok, i have had this phone for 2 weeks now and I absolutely love it! I went from the HTC One to this phone and may I say, what a huge difference in platforming and performance. The super AMOLED is always pleasing. The 2.3 SD 800 boasts on it's own. I have man hands so I needed a phone which was much bigger so it works great for me. Games are awesome to play on this device. The S stick is fun to use and very practical. Its a bit pricey, I bought my phone at swappa.com for $450.00 new. Battery lasts all day and then some. This is a multitasking phablet with so much to offer, just a great piece of electronic mastery!People who do not like the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 either have small hands or are just jealous because they are in an iPhone cult.

I got this phone for Christmas and I have to say it's a big disappointment. It has an odd set-up, works slowly when pulling up photos/files, has a weird issue with the GPS and just doesn't seem to perform as well as I would have expected. Considering how much my father paid for this I really did expect a higher level of excellence than the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 has to offer. I'm going to give this a little more time just to be sure, but if it doesn't start improving or impressing me soon I'm returning it for an iPhone.

I tried two of them. Experienced the same problem with both and it's an ongoing issue. No signal indoors. None, Zero! No voice, no data. Again, two different phones. ATT changed the sim card 3 times; no success. iPhone in the same room with blazing signal. Samsung refueses to take responsibility. They want me to send it in for &#34;Repair!!&#34; The phone is brand new. I'll lose my job for not having a phone for 10 days. $700 phone but they won't admit that some unites are defective. I'm going to sue Samsung. Anyone interested email me at new90113@gmail.comI have tens of screenshots documenting the problem....

Big display, real stylist, insane specs, Wi-Fi ac capable, IR blaster, NFC, expandable memory, USB 3.0. , capability of qi wireless charging and S-View case....This thing is a beast and a TRUE flagship phone.

does everything i want my phone to do. + more things to make life easiermake sure to get protective cover for it.

Super fast shipper wow incredible but this phone is what I want and more you can do whatever you want with this wonder its incredible

This is by far, the best smart phone that I have ever owned. The display is amazing and the processor is mad fast. The camera is very good and the call quality is nice too. It seemed huge at first, but after a few days other phone seem tiny. I am a true fan!

Let me say first and foremost that this is my first Android phone. I've had 4 iPhones that I loved, but my friends were switching over to Android and raving about it. I started to wonder if maybe I was missing something wonderful b/c of my Apple loyalty. I was not. I've now had this phone for over 6 months, so this isn't a first impression review. I've tried to love the Android operating system, but I just can't. However, I do like a lot about this phone which is why it still getting 4 stars.Loves/Likes:-I love the screen size. I was even a little concerned in the beginning, but it's actually the perfect size especially for multi-tasking. Also as a side note I haven't dropped this phone a single time in the 6 months that I've had it nor do I have a case on it (I hate cases.) I believe that the size of the phone makes it easier to use and hold on to. I also haven't lost it in my purse which happened almost everyday with my iPhone. Plus it still fits in my front and back pockets when I'm at the office, mall, or anywhere that I don't want to walk around with my purse.-The resolution is ridiculous. I looks better than half the TVs and computers I own.-The stylus is nice to have. I don't use it often mainly when I'm trying to go back and add a word into an e-mail, text, or web address and for some unknown reason I can't get the curser to drop between or in the middle of the word, so when I start to get frustrated I remember that I have a stylus and pop it out then add the word....crisis avoided without throwing the phone across the room.Here is why I can't give it 5 stars:-I'm not sold on the camera. I feel that my iPhone 5 took better pictures.-Some of the cool features that sold me on the phone don't actually work. The display doesn't stay on while I'm looking at it. The videos don't pause when I look away. I've fiddled with it and come to the conclusion that this phone doesn't think I have a face.-The stock keyboard is horrible. If it's supposed to learn from what I type then it belongs in a special school, b/c I've never once actually meant to text the word duck. Do yourself a favor and pay the $3.99 for Swipekey.I can't wait to get back to iPhone as soon as it has a screen that I don't have to squint one eye to use.If you like the Android operating system, and you use your phone almost as much as a computer...then buy this phone. You'll love it.

Let's keep this simple.  My wife and I have been Iphone 4S users for two years.  My kids have Ipod 5s.  We were an &#34;Apple&#34; house.  After two years of struggling against the intentional design limitations of the Apple products, I decided we had to consider an alternative.  So last summer I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and spent some time sorting out the differences between iOS and Android.  The tablet is great, and we slowly got used to the differences in operating system.  In late November I bought my wife the Galaxy Note 3, and it is fantastic.  It impressed us so much that I bought another one for me and a third for my sister-in-law a week later.  It is fast.  It is crystal clear.  It is light.  It has great battery life.  It has great connectivity with our home PC through WiFi or USB.  It plays excellent HD video to our TV.  It does everything the Apple products do, but better, faster, cleaner and with less hassle and frustration.  Oh, and it does something Apple won't do.  I also added a cheap 64G memory card to each phone, and we are swimming in available memory.I can even offer some advice on size and cases.  My wife has the Otterbox Commuter (no holster).  I have the Otterbox Defender (black w/holster).  My sister-in-law has a simple plastic shell case with her favorite team on it.  The phone is perfectly sized for my wife (who uses it mostly at home) and my sister-in-law (who uses it mostly at work).  I worried that it would be too big to fit on my belt (like the old Iphone did - also with an Otterbox).  Worry not.  It is thinner and lighter than the iPhone, and Otterbox has made the new case more efficiently.  I hardly even notice that the phone is bigger on my belt.  It rides just right.  The Galaxy Note 3 is the perfect compromise between a larger screen and still keeping it a handset.  If my kids were old enough, I would be getting them Note 3s also.  Who needs a computer anymore?Ignore the bad reviews about the &#34;cheap plastic&#34; back cover.  The back cover is nice looking and perfectly form-fits with the guts behind it.  The result is a very professional-looking and solid-feeling design.  I much prefer it to the old iPhone feel.We don't even use the stylus, but it is kind-of cool.  If you don't need the stylus, just leave it stowed.  I forget it is there.We love the Galaxy Note 3.

i received the phone when i tried to add my sim card it did not come unlocked and was told to enter a unlock pin

Overall this is a fantastic phone.  There will be more weight in your pocket but after several weeks it's hardly noticeable.  A fantastic size it forced me to sell my now unused tablet.  Android apps and web browsing won't strain your eyes like on old phones and allow you to be &#34;drawn in&#34; to what your doing, rather than thinking how it would be better served by a larger device, like PC or tablet.Overall if your a web browser and heavy app user, this is the phone for you.  It serves this purpose so well.  If not you might want to look into something smaller.

We in the family have own several galaxy models like S2, S3, S4, and note 2. Every model that came out was always a striking revelation and improvement of the previous. Now I just upgraded to Note 3 (AT & T) and I couldn't ask for more. It's capabilities and functions are just mind blowing. And with its huge size, it's a 2 into 1 deal you can get, a smartphone and mini-tablet in rolled into one. I don't need to carry with me now either my ipad or tab alongside with my smartphone. I can always drive and travel light with it. The battery is very impressive and it could last me 2 days with the LTE 4G on all the way. Processor, touchscreen and graphic user interface are fast and responsive. Screen resolution is so crystal clear and vivid. I am totally happy with this guy and couldn't ask for more.

After looking forward to this phone for a very long time, I finally received it. I am very pleased. It did its best to meet expectations. I suppose I just wasn't blown away.

Major GPS problems, apparently GPS problems - appear to be a hardware problem on some phones.  See http://goo.gl/PaIx3V for details.Otherwise this is a great phone and worth noting AT&T; shipped me a replacement and it works great so far.Also, worth noting, a rude gesture towards Amazon for not supporting Text to Speech in kindle on amazon and for not supporting video and Amazon Instant Video on Android when it IS supported on Kindle which runs android.  Basically they have pushed me to purchase books on google and video on vudu.  I assume this is not what they intended.More details:Note 3 - this is long:a. wanted to only carry 1 device, not phone, iPad, and a kindle.  To do that it means I am starting to buy books from google or convert from kindle to google.  This is for a very specific use case - I find it valuable to have text spoken to me as I read technical or other non-fiction books.  I need to try the general screen readers as well.  Mostly it is less good at this use case then I wanted.b. I chose to invite complexity of android into my life by getting a Note.  I would recommend android to almost no one.c. If you choose android give up any pretense of privacy.  You have none.  Stuff I did on my phone began showing up on my laptop searches.  I now use tor router, a limited keyboard and duckduckgo for much of my day to day work.  Check out google play guardian project apps for a bit more privacy.I believe iPhone and Windows Phone are superior in almost every way.  For me solving the myriad problems of it was a way to refocus on a consumer product and technology in general.c. A consumer should not have to go hunting for a podcast player (pick your favorite standard feature,) nor should they then have to download 4 which each have radically different UI's to pick their favorite.d. NO ONE should have to use touchwiz (sorry, I got a hairball just thinking about it. )e. It is huge.f. Mine appears to have a gps defect, new one arrives today or monday.g. Every useful app wants access to everything about me they can findh. bluetooth stereo fails in my car so most of the voice features fail for me - bloody heck, my iPhone 4 worked better!And yet, I find it works well for me.Best I can tell it is for a series of reasons - *'s next to the ones that are strongest:*a. Email while less pretty works well and has a titer by unread mode which i like.*b. Being able to read all the events on the calendar in month view is glorious.*c. Nova Launcher makes me happy (without this I would have returned it due to touchwiz)*d. The battery just keeps goinge. being able to swap keyboards is nice*f. After a month I began actually using the stylus.  For note taking in meetings it is less obtrusive and works very well.*g. the large screen is glorioush. I have become a fan of todotxt(.com) and it works well here*i.  I loved that I could try 70 GTD todolist apps till I found one that i likej. evernote and last pass work well.*k. multiwindow is AWESOME**l. widgets rock (tip of the hat to Nokia Symbian for this idea.)*m. dolphin browsern. google now, though a privacy nightmare, is very coolThings that would make it perfect: 1. if i get screen reader working to read just when i want, 2. if I could get it to read and let me respond to email.

I love my new phone. I've been with Samsung for the last three phones and they just keep getting better.

I love this phone.. well made, great screen.. you can customize however you like.  As a small tablet, it can't be beat. I bought it because it's the only one with a built in note taking app.. which is very useful to me.. couple of major pitfalls however killed the dal for me:As a phone, it's useless - one handed dialing is not possible unless you have Andre the giant sized hands.. i even used a really cool feature that moves the keypad to the right part of the screen for right handed users. you have a press a favorite contact twice before it dialsvoice command.. well, it's not very good and can't access it unlockedphotos - you have to unlock the phone, then click the camera app - too many steps and you lose that kodak momentbattery life - no better or worse than other phones.. i require a bright sceen so it's never been a good possibility for mePros- awesome screen you can watch a movie on it and it's great- lots of real estate on the screens- widgets are way better than simple apps- open system means lots of flexibility- thinness of device, weight too- big screen lets you actually see what's on your calendar - that was very nicei had real hope for this but it failed me on a recent business trip.. voice recognition, making calls, one handed operation gave me carpal tunnel.. so i'm returning it.I'm certain it will bring many users much happiness.. but it depends on how you use it

I switched from an Iphone and I don't miss it at all. I never use my Ipad anymore either. Perfect size and has so much functionality. I didn't like the android platform (home screen) so I just downloaded a better one on the play store. Now its super simple like the iphone but has much much more.

So we all know that no amount of hounding or complaining is going to convince AT&T; to stop the madness and unlock the Note 3. However, I think it behooves us to TELL AT&T; what we think of this development (or rather this "Anti-Development" development.Could everyone that has a minute or two please sign the petition to tell AT&T; we are disgusted, and at least let them know that more than a few people are very unhappy right now, and that they are going to lose more than they ever hoped to gain with this kind of thinking.Please don't tell me I am wasting my time, it's mine and I like using some to tell AT&T; what I think. If you don't care to tell them or just want to accept this BS then sit tight, cause more and deeper BS is in the pipeline, brought to you buy the company who's tagline is "Rethink Possible" Right....Petition has about 440 signatures at the moment, but hoping for many more. Every signature sends an email to these AT&T; Executives:Petitioning:  Randall Stephenson AT&T; CEORalph de la Vega;  President and CEO - AT&T; MobilityJohn Donovan; Senior VP, AT&T; Technology and Network OperationsJohn T. Stankey; Group President and Chief Strategy OfficerAT&T;: Unlock OUR Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Bootloader!Please sign this petition to send a message to AT&T;: [...]

I finally updated from the Note 1 to Note 3...What can I say but after 2 1/2 weeks...I absolutely love this phone.When I first switched from Iphone to Note I had my doubts. But...I will not ever go back to the Iphone!

I am and will be discovering what this phone can do for some time.  I write, it converts to text, reads back what I've written in a  proper female English voice.  I thought the old clunker it replaced was good but the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is great.

.L.but maybe after I cool off a bit I will revise my review.  The Note 3 I purchased was supposed to be new.  The box it arrived in had been previously opened.  The box was torn up on the inside and the ear buds are missing. The phone seems fine.  I haven't even turned it on yet.  Many may say that I'm being too picky...but s*** like this really bothers me.  I paid over $800.00 for this phone!  I should get exactly what I paid for!10/13/2013Okay I had some time to calm down. And thanks to a response to my review I have been made aware that AT&T; repackages there phones and remove the ear buds.  Sorry for griping about nothing.  I have upgraded this phone from 3 stars to a much deserved 5 stars.  This phone kicks butt! My favorite features are the big brilliant display and the s pen. I just can't put this thing down. I can't find anything wrong with this phone other than the enormous amounts of bloatware. But, most cell phone have this problem. I highly recommend this phone. It's a beast! You will love it. the hardware specs on this phones are so impressive that it will remain relevant for at least the next two years.

Overall this is a great phone.  The resolution is second to none and the battery life is the best i've ever had on a smart phone.  Additionally the touch interface is very responsive, more so than the previous Note 2.  Moreover, it is also quicker than the Note 2 when bringing up apps and running apps.  But, there are a few things that the Note 3 lacks in that the Note 2 had.  One is that although the camera for the Note 3 is 13 megapixels and the Note 2, 8 mega pixels, the Note 2 seems to take better quality pictures.  Further, the Note 2 had better low light visibility in the pictures as well.  And, the camera view point seems to be more zoomed in at the furthest level from zoom on the Note 3 making me have to take a few steps extra backward to take a picture that I wouldn't have to do with the Note 2.  Secondly, the video quality in low light lacks adjustment that the Note 2 had.  In the Note 2, one could take a video without the flash and still decipher whats in the video pretty well.  But in the Note 3 even in a slightly dim room you cannot see what is going on in the video which makes talking videos from the phone quite frustrating.  I don't know why Samsung took a step back on the camera on the Note 3 by taking away lowlight settings and replacing it with a auto adjust feature on the camera that is supposed to adjust to the different light conditions on its own.  Which, it does not do very well might I add.  But with that being said the camera is not horrible, its rather on the better side of smart phone cameras.  Another thing is the speaker phone isn't as loud as the Note 2's.  That was something that I really enjoyed on the Note 2. Overall though, the phone is probably the best phone I've ever had and I've had the iPhone 4, 4s, and 5 along with the Note 2.  The visual aspect of the phone is awesome and the default storage is 32 gigs with additional 64 gigs addable storage potential.  And, I appreciate the fact that one can take the back off and replace a battery or get extra batteries to charge on the side and replace when needed.  In the end I'll rate the phone a 9/10 the only complaint being the camera functioning.

yes its all dat, AT&T;  IS fAST ..GOOD VOICE REC..  It don't  like me  All wifi no use  gigs for $$$ , so I fix it some day..

As a tech geek, I really enjoy the Note 3. I was going to get the Mega, but with a 1080p display, I couldn't pass up the Note 3. Plus, it has a faster processor than the Mega. This is a great phone!

Received in perfect condition. Completely satisfied. Large screen with great resolution. Good battery life. Easy to set up. I wishe it came with earphones and protector case.

The note series of phones are the best phones out there right now. I love my new Note 3 is the Awesomest

DONT EVER BUY A NEW PHONE FROM AMAZON WITH ANY WIRELESS CARRIER. Why? You might seem to be getting the phone at a smaller price but you cant forget about the $100 deposit if your a new customer. And if your uprgading it they will add more money to the price and im not talking the uprgrade fee. THATS NOT EVEN THE BIG PROBLEM. The biggest problem is, them sending me supposedly TWO FAULTY SIM CARDS with the device, then lying to me and sayin that the store could give me another one but they cant. On top of that my NUMBER DIDNT FULLY PORT THROUGH, PHONE DIDNT ACTIVATE (cause Amazon activation instructions dont work and it showed, my SIM wasnt faulty they just dont know how to activate a SIM and AT&T did thankfully) and to top it all off AT&T DIDNT GET THE $100 DEPOSIT from Amazon! So they charging me (again). Did i mention the S-Scroll, Smart Pause, and Air gesture dont work on phone? (Although i think a handful of people have that problem too, might be a Samsung thing) THIS IS WHAT YOU DEAL WITH WHEN YOU DONT GET YOUR PHONE DIRECTLY FROM THE WIRELESS CARRIER. Just Amazon and AT&T customer service pointing fingers at each other sending you in circles for a week to finally get phone activated.

GPS does not work on AT&T variant. There is a [currently] 16 page thread on AT&T forums describing this issue and we have been waiting on a fix since November. This is a phenomenal phone, but I cannot recommend it on this carrier right now when core functionality is broken. This does not seem to be a problem on any other carrier and AT&T is supposedly working on a fix. If and when my GPS is fixed I will revise my review to reflect how amazing this phone is otherwise.

THIS PHONE IS HORRIBLE. I WENT THROUGH 5 NEW REPLACEMENT PHONES IN 3 WEEKS. WHEN I TOUCH THE SCREEN, IT MOVE LEFT OR RIGHT. WHEN I TAKE A PICTURE, IT TOOK SEVERAL SHOT TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE. IT'S  NOT LOUD TO HEAR PHONE CONVERSATION AT RESTAURANTS OR EVENTS. SOUND SYSTEM IS HORRIBLE.SOMETIME WHEN I ANSWER THE PHONE, IT DOES NOT RESPOND.I HAVE TO CONSTANTLY REMOVE BATTERY AND START ALL OVER AGAIN.EVERY TIME I GET NEW PHONE REPLACEMENT. ALL THE SONG PLAYLISTS HAVE TO START ALL OVER AGAIN WHICH TAKES SEVERAL HOURS TO DO IT.

This phone has everything and the kitchen sink. Power, Battery Life, Beautiful Large Screen, and Stylus. Couldn't ask for more.

I got it from AT&T.; This is a powerful pocket computer. 2.5 Ghz quad core CPU. 3 Gb of RAM, 32 Gb of flash, Micro-SD slot. It comes with power-saving CPU throttling on. Turn that off and it's just insanely fast. Either way it's fast enough to do accurate voice and handwriting recognition (in many languages) with no lag. It's like having a quad core PC in your pocket. It's loaded with 4.3 Android OS. It runs all the Android software out there like a jet. I loved it. No, there were no ear-buds with it.I put a slim case on it and was in new toy heaven. Until I discovered the face glass has a hairline crack across the lower right corner. I believe the glass was defective, but it's really thin for its surface area, it's bounded by a thin metal frame, no plastic bezel, so stress on the edge is stress on the glass. E.g. when removing the S-Pen you tend to press on the glass while pulling and lifting the pen, right where mine's cracked. One way or another, this glass is just too fragile. I suspect the competition's slightly heavier phablets use a better glass. Samsung could add a replaceable protector layer for pennies.This phone hasn't done well in the face-down drop tests. In case of impact the glass is right "there" up front, and shatters very easily. The construction is super-light, yet the weight of the battery will drive it down pretty hard. Case or no case, the bigger the surface, the higher the odds of the face hitting something. In my case there was no drop, no impact, it was babied. Yet it's cracked. Warranty? Forget it. I'd had it well under a week. The AT&T; techs confirmed no sign of impact or abuse. But pls digest this essential factoid: AT&T; says Samsung says the entire warranty is completely void if the screen is involved. HellO? THE most important and vulnerable part? One AT&T; rep showed my son her own Samsung - with a cracked screen, and said "I can't afford to keep replacing it". Mandatory: a very defensive case and (especially) the newest screen protectors.Other reviewers have documented its many positives. Agreed. But is a broken $750 phone with zilch warranty really worth more than 1 star to me? Go look at one. Look at YouTube clips of Note 2 repairs. Ask yourself if the Note 3 can survive two years of YOUR normal mobile use with the occasional drop. Can you live with warranties that are just as thin? The phablet is a great concept, but this is not the only one, and many more are coming. Unless you're comfortable w/ re-buying (or re-building?) it, you might keep looking for a sturdier phone for daily use.

I have had the note 2 and now the note 3. I love the new technology Samsung comes up with! Easy to use and great features.

Everything is good on the device until you use the GPS on it. This include all the apps that uses it.Its very unreliable and will really break your heart. I switch from am iphone and now really regretting the switch because of this issue. I use my gps a lot when going to places and heavily rely on the navigation. This is why I am pretty sad to have bought this device (my most expensive phone purchase) knowing later on that it is defective.I suggest don't buy unless you are willing to accept this problem.Read more about it from this posting for people who knows about it.[...]UpdateMy link is being edited out. Not sure why amazon would do this since this is a fair review. Here it is again.[...]If this one does not show up again just try to search it up using the keywords "att note3 gps problem" you will see the 1st one that shows up will be your source of info. Please do yourself a favor and research on it.

There is a lot of social ridicule you receive as a owner of this phone.  I find myself having to explain my purchase decisions more than I did when I chose Android over IOS.  I don't know how many times I had to demonstrate how easily it fits in most of pants pockets.  I get a lot of praise for the screen size, which is one reason I was drawn to this product in the first place.So I am not sure if I am just moody, but today the phone has received a 3 star rating, maybe 3.6 star.Complaint 1:  I have made many road trips in the last 3 years using only the GPS in my phone.  Most of these trips were with my Galaxy SII.  There was only one time the Galaxy SII left me stranded which was when I was in the mountains in Kentucky, but figured out my way home after a short visit to a convenience store.  I retired the GSII with the Note 3 and regretted my decision when several of the travel/map apps kept dying.  That could be poor programming of the apps, but when the phone restarted several times during the 19 hour trip, I had to bring out the old GSII to make it home.Complaint 2: I cannot integrate the stylus into my life.  The stylus makes it fun to draw on the phone, but since I am not an artist this is not as much a selling point as I thought it would be. This is not really the phones fault, but I like I said earlier I am moody so I am going to lump it in with review.Complaint 3: I have had so many apps die on this phone and currently I cannot get google play nor gmail app to even load anymore without asking me to send a report. This is probably not the phones fault and maybe more of a complaint against google, but one reason to own a smart phone is to have access to your email and I currently do not have access to it.  I recently cleaned out the phone so I can reset to factory defaults to see if this addresses all the issues I have experienced with google apps and various others.Complaint 4: This phone has what I believe to be amazing horse power, so I do get ticked off when loading apps, answering the phone or taking a picture have any lag.  This not a consist problem but happens enough to put on this list.I LOVE the screen size, the 32 GB of storage, the horse power, the picture quality, and the BATTERY LIFE.  I also love using my phone as remote...it really makes the hospital staff angry when you turn the station from CNN to Telemundo and they have to try to find their remote.  I know it is childish, but there are only a few simple pleasures in life.

I have been experiencing PDA/Palm withdrawal for quite some time. A friend suggested the Galaxy Note 3. My children purchased my upgrade for Christmas. I absolutely love this phone! I think it is a prefect multipurpose device. Phone,internet, music, calender, books ect. all in one device. I know there are other phones that perform these functions but the increased screen size makes it so easier to handle. This phone is a grand slam!

Samsung Galaxy Note 3 was famous for large screen, fast processor & a mean camera to top it up. That was certainly the case when I bought the Note 3 with the Jellybean OS.Samsung due to some brain freeze decided to upgrade their OS to address various pertinent issues with the phone. The Kit Kat OS managed to address some issues but also created a few new glitches like the camera, now most of the features of the camera have been disabled. I checked with Samsung, they say upgrading is a roll of the dice, in this case relevant features dealing with the camera have been affected such as the zoom and settings option. The camera images aren&#8217;t very sharp anymore, therefore making the camera more or less useless.You cannot downgrade/factory reset the OS either as it would create serious complications for the phone. In short, if having a good camera on hand is an important feature to you, my advice would be to look elsewhere.

We held onto the iPhone 4's for a while. They were small, simple, and while we did not particular care for Apple restricting your ability to do anything to it, it suited our needs.When we traded up for the Samsung Note III, we were of course in awe of the shiny new toy. It had a great screen, did all sorts of neat things (drawing on your screen, voice texting, ect) that made us go &#34;Oooooo.&#34; The battery life is amazing. I fiddle with some games when I'm bored, watch youtube videos every now and then, surf the web, respond to e-mails, text - and after a full day of being uncharged (14 hours later) , I still have 47% battery life. I once let it go uncharged for 2 days and it was still at 19% and kicking. The low battery alarm doesn't start going off until 11%.A few cons though...1) Don't get a case. Atleast not the small thin wallet type by ULAK that I got. I love the case. Don't get me wrong. Its perfect for making sure I don't scratch my phone while it is tossed and thrown around in my purse of mysteries. The phone certainly is big enough to find in a stack. However - it makes for taking actual phone calls to your ear rather difficult, as its a big phone, and the case only adds to it. I use speakerphone alot - which works great by the way. I can talk from across the room from where the phone is and am still heard clearly (I'm not a yeller).2) Don't bother with the gorilla glass/whatever screen protector they try to sell you at the AT&T; store for the phone. It's $30 something dollars. Both both got one thinking itd be a neat way to protect our phones. Its only been a month, and my husbands is already peeling up at the corners and mine collects 'dirt' at the edges when I'm never around anything dirty and then gets under the sticky so I can't get it out. To me - its not worth the money if its already wearing down so fast from light everyday use. It is pretty clear though for the screen - like its not there!3) The auto-correct is the bane of my existing. I consider myself a very skilled phone typer. On my iphone, I could type out paragraphs without ever looking at my screen half the time and it typed out perfectly. Autocorrected to just the right word each time. The Note III makes up words for me I never input, or have never heard of. I am CONSTANTLY correcting the auto-correct. Whether I use the stylus or my fingers on the keyboard. No matter how slow I take it or fast I go, it never puts exactly what I want. I guess this is why they push the voice-text feature so much on this phone, and didn't put as much development into the old T9 methods of auto correct. This is my biggest frustration. The phone is supposed to 'learn' how you type, but apparently isn't as smart as the iphone who can keep up with my typing skills. (I am not a Apple lover so it pains me to compliment it).Otherwise, its fine until my next trade up.

I am a total techie. I love new gadgets and gizmos, and I WILL read the manual before I tinker with it. I'm the type of person that would want to maximize the experience and total functionality of a product, because why else would anyone buy a $708 phone (from ATT)?Despite my love for the phone, there are some problems. Let me start off with the innumerable PROS.The screen resolution is absolutely breathtaking. Clear crisp colors combined with unbeatable brightness. I was actually able to see what I was working on while I was walking outside on a really sunny day (on auto-brightness), which is really saying something. None of my other phones were able to adjust so well.The sound quality and loudness were a definite plus for me. It is not boom box/stereo loud, but for the phone that it is, it does pack quite a punch.Call quality has definitely been clear and crisp, which is surprising because I've been in areas where the signal hasn't been perfect.  I haven't experienced any static or issues at all.The S Pen experience itself, is worth the Note 3 purchase. The feedback from interaction between the screen and pen is really nice. Smooth writing with a 'real' like quality writing. Note-taking or jotting is a joy especially on such a big screen like the Note 3. The S Pen also has a button that when clicked, would pop up a menu option for other things the pen can do (scrapbooking, taking notes, etc).  It is really nice and convenient. I have used my Adonit Jot Pro stylus on my iPad to play candy crush, and even that was nothing compared to playing candy crush with the S Pen. The feedback is great!I love the widgets they have available, it makes all of my planning and day-to-day life easier. With an iCloud calendar sync app, the calendar widget makes planning my day/week/month much easier now that it's so big on the home screen. It is really customizable and the amount of widgets now available (compared to what I had on the S2) is mind-boggling.I love how Samsung was able to actually improve and grow. They have now added an assistive light widget (so we don't have to go to third party apps for a flashlight), and they have a notification settings where you can customize the main settings you have access to (8), while still being able to access them all. Features like: power saving, NFC, S Beam, Multi-tasking, Air plane mode, Bluetooth, are all great, it's nice to be able to choose what you want.The phone itself is fast and this is substantiated by the fact that you can multi-task now. I was able to google/email and netflix all at the same time. Now if that isn't fast and smooth, I don't know what is.The lock screen is much more customizable now, and that's great because I can include my email (for if I were to lose/misplace my phone) while showing my individual flair.I like visual voicemail a lot as well. It saves a lot of time and hassle sitting impatiently as you listen to the message and try to figure out who left it. With visual voicemail, you can play it, manually fast forward or rewind, see how long the message is, who left it, and even a button to call them back. No more need to sit there and wait a whole minute to hear &#34;press seven to delete...press blah blah to hear more options.&#34;Now, there's still room for improvement. I have a lot of Apple products simply because of its convenience and ease of use. They have their fair share of problems. In comparison to Siri, S Voice is not as smooth in operation. Despite my best attempts to loudly articulate my wishes and desires, it often times repeats back the most ridiculous things. I do appreciate the fact that you can open apps with S Voice (this has long been established, but still appreciated).  S Voice is nice, but there's still room for improvement.Camera. I keep having to remind myself that this phone is not an iPhone (they invest solely on their camera). The Note 3's camera is not as great as the iPhone's, I must admit. But it is relatively good and intuitive. I think the closest thing you can get to iPhone quality is the 'Rich Tone (HDR)' option which boosts the colors. I took several pictures and videos to test run the quality and I wasn't that impressed. The camera auto focuses while you record so you can actually see process of focusing while you're recording, which is distracting. As a result, only one area of focus can targeted at a time. I haven't taken portraits or group shots, so I don't know how this will work out, but I guess I'll have to wait and see. Besides the camera quality, I'm really giddy about the modes they have offered. Sports shots, panorama, 360 shots, best shots, they're all nice and I'm excited for a chance to try them out!Now, the meh. Despite the phone being almost absolutely amazing, I started running into some problems that I found out other people were experiencing as well. Email. My email kept lagging/freezing and logged itself out. It would not authenticate. It worked after several tries, only to have the same issue again. I somehow fixed it only to run into the error 'Email not responding,' forcing the app to close.  This is annoying because it seems to occur almost every time I received an incoming email. People across the internet have suggested unmounting the microSD card and using a new one, but despite doing this and even removing the card completely, the problem is still occurring. As a result, other apps have been 'glitchy' as well. The transitions between apps haven't been as flawlessly impeccable as I've seen. I'm going to tinker with it some more before I do a hard reset.I definitely recommend this phone. I saved up the whole sum to purchase this phone straight from the get go and don't regret it. A bit disappointed about the technical problems, but other than that, it's working swell!

There's not much more that I can say about this phone than what others have already stated. It's a great high-end phone that's well worth the money.I'm an iphone user that has been down this android road before. I absolutely hated it the first time around. I failed to realize that with android, you have to find a phone that can withstand the test of time. Your android phone has to have the features and specs to run the most recent android OS, and if your phone didn't cut it then you would be left behind with an older android OS and ultimately an outdated phone.Android is finally getting around to creating a more universal OS called "Kit-Kat" that should make the android OS a more stable environment.The Note 3 is the answer. There's simply nothing this phone can't do. Everyone will have their own special thing that they appreciate about the Note 3. Mine is the fact that it has an IR blaster that can control my TV, Home Theatre System, and Uverse box. I never thought I would use that feature, but honestly it just works and it's simple.Anyways, I just thought I'd give my opinion on this brilliant phone. Everything else you might need to know about this phone or the Android OS it runs on can be easily found in other reviews or online.

Friday i brought the Tmobile version of the Note 3,coming from the S4 i felt i'd be comfortable with this one.Well i was wrong,the air gestures don't work. the phone does not always ring when i get a call nor does voicemail.This phone was buggy right out the box i will be returning it today.Real nice phone but buggy,alot more bugs than my S4,i guess the higher the level of tech the higher the rate of bugs.Not sure if i should get the Flex or another Note 3.This phone works alot different than my S4 or S2 may be time to move on from Sammy,loved this phone for a couple hours until i set the air gestures and they didn't work. Next people were saying they called me but i heard no ring,checked missed calls and no missed calls.I called from my house phone and sure enough phone didn't ring and no missed calls.Had to call myself few times before phone rang.Takes 20 or more before voicemail alerts you same with text msgs,for such a fast phone i'm puzzled why those aspects are super slow...Confused about this phone afraid things are gonna go downhill and after 14 day buyer remorse period will be up than i'm stuck wit getting refurbs.Will try to update.Had this phone 3 days.Update,the problem was that the phone was set to the wrong network at the store. Phone is working excellent and i'm loving it.Something told me to call Tmobile tech support before returning the phone and i'm glad i did,the air gestures work different than on the S4 but they work.If you purchase this phone try to get some insight from Youtube (Galaxy Note 3) before you think the phone is bad.

Absolutely love it!

what a amazing phone. i give this phone as a gift to my girlfriend since she broke her S4.first of all, the phone is fast !  compare to any phones, this is the fastest one so far i ever seen.second, the apps .. amazing .

Great phone. Easy to use.Size makes this phone much easer to see .Would make this purchase again. Being able to write on the phone is it best feature.

Great for those who text or surf the net as well as talk on the phone.  Users manual online only, no headset provide which would be nice to listen to media and other things so everyone else is not listening to your stuff or so yo can here better. New mini plug not sure why that is necessary.

I love this phone.  However the 5GHz wifi has a lot of connectivity issues,caused by Android 4.3.  So if you want this phone, talk to you AT&T; or Verizon or whatever carrier and see when a software fix will be available.  Samsung does not acknowledge the problem so don't waste your time.  Google also does not acknowledge the problem which is disheartening.Just to reiterate, the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is a superior phone, to any other phone on the market and when the Android 4.4 (KitKat) update comes out it may fix the 5GHz wifi connection issues.

This is THE best cell I have owned. It has endless features. The note feature is great for jotting down things one would usually have to have pen and paper for. The size is wonderful. Don't hesitate you will love it.

I returned this AT&T phone, I fully paid for this supposed &#34;Without a Service Plan&#34; phone to use it with a different carrier, but its locked to AT&T network, and AT&T will unlock it after you use it 6 month under AT&T network with prepaid service (GoPhone).

Love this phone this was my second the first one I had to send back because there was a default with the motion sensor but Amazon quickly sent out a replacement since then I've had no problems with the phone I love the screen size I love the Android OS  and I love the LTE speeds only problem I have with this phone is that speakers sound a little then but the very doable.also I wish that you can turn off the LTE speeds and switch from LTE back to 4G because it's really is a data hog.

phone doesnt come in original packaging and no headset thats about all i found wrong with it....the phone works amazing  tho

I've had 4 of these phones. I keep returning it because the charger won't work. Took it to the store, they say it's the phone not the cord. But every phone I get sent as a replacement has the exact same issue. The charger works on their phone in the store, so they say it isn't the cord but how can every single phone have the same issue? I regret buying this phone. Out a crap-load of money and the damn thing won't charge.

Excellent phone! It makes me happy and all fuzzy inside. It does everything I ask it to. Also, it gets be laid.

Why doesn't it come with a set of headphones? How much can it cost to add a cheap set of headphones to the most expensive phone on the market.

I had the phone only about a week when it slipped out and hid the ground as I was about to get out of my car. Even with the phone protector on, the internal screen cracked. The outer glass is fine. The screen blacked out, even though the phone is still running, but I can't see a thing!  Both AT&T;  and Samsung refused to take the phone back nor fixing it for me, so I am stuck with a piece of broken plastic. Called a local phone repair store, was told I need to pay $350 at least to fix it because the note 3 is a new phone and they have to get the part from overseas.In sum, the phone is very fast, and big screen is nice too. The body of phone is cheap plastic and has a fake plastic leather back. My advise, if you want this phone, do purchase insurance, which cost you $6 a month. I seriously doubt the craftsmanship of this phone. In the past 4 years, I have had iphone and HTC phones, both were dropped countless times, they were all fine. I only drop this Note 3 for once like 15 inches fall with the protector on, and it is totally broken. In the end, I bought a HTC One with some discount from AT&T;.

this is my first android phone, do I like it?............NO  The battery life is brutal and it really is too big, when I reach to answer a call I'm always hitting the volume or screen button, it's good for watching videos but I rarely ever do. It also seems to be glitchy and doesn't run seamlessly at all. Would I buy again? No way................................and I believe if you drop this behemoth just once it'll be cashed................and considering how cumbersome it is to hold I wonder how long that will take...................only problem was I kept it past the 14 day return policy...................wish I would have sent it back and waited on the iphone 6 next year

The Galaxy Note 3 is an outstanding phone-tablet hybrid.  It's really the best of both worlds.The screen is big and beautiful.  And the innards are strong, fast and smart.This phone is too good for me.  I now sleep on the couch so &#20027;&#21531; Note 3 can have my bed.

I love the battery life, the great screen, and the features. I hate the size. It is just a little too big. I wanted something bigger than the s4 but not quite this big. Other than that it is the best phone I have ever owned.

Although I didn't buy this  from Amazon I had to post my review.  I got mine direct from At&t.;  I was a hardcore IOS, iPhone, iPad maniac, and don't get me wrong I still like Apple products.  But I honestly had to give up my iPhone 5 for the Galaxy Note 3.  The bigger screen, the processor, the open source applications, and last but not least the stylus has made this my new all time favorite gadget.I get daily use out my devices as they are tools for my daily business activities.  This is absolutely the most useful tool in my daily arsenal.  The phone calls are crystal clear, the screen is big, bright, and crisp. And I don't have to have a note book or legal pad with me now, I just pop out my phone pull up the S Note app and write away.  The other thing I love is the custom icons I can create for direct calling & messaging. Being able to customize different homepages (something I couldn't do on my iPhone) makes organizing so much easier and efficient..Thanks Samsung for making a great product.  Sorry Apple but you guys seem to have lost your edge now that Mr. Jobs is gone.

I recently migrated from iPhone 4S to Galaxy Note 3. On the whole, I feel that Galaxy Note 3 is a superior phone compared to the iPhone. Larger screen is not the only benefit. I felt that Apple had made the syncing too restrictive (only thru iTunes). Note 3 allows much more flexible interface thru Windows PC. I am sure it is true for the Mac environment. I just don't have any experience with Mac.However, the greatest drawback of Note 3 is that it is too cumbersome to sync contacts from Outlook and importing pictures is also quite cumbersome. In case of the iPhone, iCloud is an amazing tool. Every single contact you modify or every single picture you add or delete, it gets sync'd instantaneously. In case of Note 3, it is not that simple.Take contacts for example. I have 560 contacts (between business and social). First I am required to upload these into my Google account and then my Note 3 syncs with my Google contacts. No problem so far. Now I add or modify let's say 7 contacts. Google does not allow me to import just seven contacts. I have to import all 567 contacts. However, before I import, I have to delete all Google contacts from my Google account. Or else, I will end up with all duplicate contacts. Google only allows me to delete 250 contacts at a time. So It takes three attempts to delete existing contacts and one more attempt to import new contacts. After this, Note 3 syncs fine (over WiFi). Now you can see what I mean by being &#34;cumbersome&#34;.Similar problem exists with importing pictures. The only difference being, I have to physically connect the device to my laptop and import pictures manually (same as saving them on an external HD).In spite of these issues, I would strongly recommend this phone over iPhone any day of the week and twice on Sundays.My objective is to bring these problems to the attention of the powers that be - so Samsung and Google can solve these problems. They have come a long way in creating a superior phone. But these improvements will make the phone nearly perfect.And by the way, this phone is susceptible to virus attacks - which iPhone is NOT. So I suggest you subscribe to some virus protection service. I purchased a 2-year warranty from SAMS Club (thru SquareTrade). This two-year warranty cost me $ 100 and it includes a subscription to McAfee Premium service (for two years). This is just for comparison.

A little background on my cell phone history:I used to be a huge believer that Apple made the best cell phones hands down. I got my first iPhone in 2009 or so, it was an iPhone 3GS. I loved it. After a year, I decided to move to Sprint and get an EVO 4g because Sprints plans were cheaper than AT&T;'s and the EVO totally crushed the iPhone 3GS and soon to be released 4 on paper. I lasted one week on Sprint because I thought the EVO 4G was one of the worst phones I had ever used. I immediately went back to AT&T; and got the iPhone 4 when it launched.I kept that iPhone for over 2 years, I didn't feel the 4s warranted an upgrade as I was very happy with my 4. When the 5 came out, I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. A bigger screen is something I had hoped Apple would give us, and they finally did. I was very happy with my iPhone 5 at first, then I started to tire of it as I saw my friends with bigger and bigger screens on their phones. 4 inches felt so tiny. Then I had to get my first iPhone replacement because my flash suddenly stopped working in February. I debated for months to switch back to Android and after playing with the Note 3 at my local Best Buy, I decided to go for it.Note 3 Review:So as I said, I was coming over to Android being a heavy Apple user and supporter. I decided on the Note 3 because I have rather large hands and I really loved the giant screen. I also thought the S-Pen was kind of cool also.Pros:Screen: Love it. Images look crisp, videos look amazing, no pixels noticeable in text.Texting: Coming from an iPhone for over 4 years, it was nice to be able to Swype a text out if I wanted to. Also the auto-correct is so much better and I type much faster on this phone already and I haven't had it that long! This has greatly improved my texting experience.Camera: Tons of options for shooting photos and videos. Gives you control the iPhone does not. Picture quality is nicer than iPhone 5 and also images are much more fun to look at with that amazing screen!Battery: This battery lasts around 2.5 times longer than my iPhone would under the same usage. I know, this has a bigger battery in it, but it also has a much bigger screen and more powerful components to power. I am a heavy user and this battery gets me through a day easily.Apps: Sure, back in the day Apple had Android crushed with apps. Now, every app I used on my iPhone, I was able to get on Android. Then there was some other great apps Android had that I don't recall seeing an equivalent on Apple. MightyText is one such app. It allows you to send texts from your browser. I feel Android has more intriguing app choices than Apple these days.Choices: If I want to download a new keyboard, I can. If I want to make Chrome my browser of choice, I can. Apple restricts nearly every sort of customization you can do on your phone, Android does not.Cons:Looks: I really liked the iPhone 5 design. It looked nice. I felt bad taking it out of the case for fear I would scratch it. I know this has gotten praise from some reviewers for its looks, but it comes down to personal preference I guess. I think this thing is big and ugly. But who cares, I buy a phone for its performance and what it can do - not how it looks. Besides, I will slap an Otterbox on this when they come out.Reception: I got MUCH stronger and more reliable service with my iPhone 5. Both the Note 3 and iPhone 5 have AT&T; LTE support. In my room I used to get around 8mbs down and 4 mbs up on my iPhone. With my Note 3 I am only getting 3mbs down and 1 mbs up.  I have also had an issue downloading an attachment and sending a picture message already. Not sure what the issue could be, but time will tell if this persists.Power Button: The power button is so flush against the side, it makes it very hard to press. I literally need to focus and turn the phone in a certain way to lock it. Hopefully when I add a case it helps, but its a bit annoying at the moment. I may try to see if I can lock it with a double tap of the home screen or something. Also of note, the home button is crooked. This is widely documented and I did indeed notice my device is also afflicted with it.Verdict:I would definitely recommend a Note 3 to anyone and if you have an iPhone and are considering the switch - I say go for it. I don't see myself ever going back to Apple and their tiny 4 inch screens any time soon! I do miss universal search and I kinda do miss Siri - but that's about it.Overall I give the Note 3 a 9/10.UPDATE 11/30/2013Well I have been using this phone over a month now and I still love it! Just to update a few things...I had a defective unit which had an issue with the lock button. After getting an exchange from AT&T; my new unit has no issues with the side button.I don't use the stylus very much at all, I really thought I would use this feature a lot more than I have.Still have an issue receiving mms messages and group messages. Sometimes restarting the phone corrects it immediately, but it gets a bit old having to restart that often.Battery life is AMAZING. I was very concerned being a heavy user and having a giant 1080p screen would mean horrible battery life, but it is quite the opposite. I never have any trouble making it the whole day on a single charge and usually have 10-20 percent left by the end of the night.Overall I am still very happy I upgraded and would not consider going back to Apple until they make a significantly larger display on their devices. Until then I will happily stick with my Note 3!

Love this phone. GPS locks in very quick. Battery life at end of day, after medium use is about 45%. I continuously check NYTimes (set to refresh every 30 mins), listen to Spotify occasionally, Use MyTracker, use the Stylus to scribble notes (which get synced to Evernote). Big user of Evernote app, the camera. Occasional Facebook check, About 10 or 15 Whatsapp texts and some Hangout, SMS texts...It's fun carrying this tablet around (just kidding. But, well, it's big). Great screen. I love the stylus... one of the reasons I got this.Had Galaxy S3 before this... and I liked the camera settings in that one better than this one. That camera had some scene modes this doesn't have.Oh... I also run a Weather widget continuously. Great battery life. Great screen.  Good for Google doc reviews too.

I am sure that all of you know all the stats and the &#34;tricks&#34; off of YouTube videos. I won't go into those (if you don't just Google it) This phone is an utter powerhouse. I mean I am hard pressed to use enough of it's CPU to grab a stall. Now that Kit Kat is available (Got it up and running last night) It is even faster. As for user friendly this phone does SO many things to just make people go &#34;does my phone just know that I want this?&#34; I am massively impressed every day, even after 3 months of using.

With the Note 3... its got a faster chip which makes everything run smoother.  I love the added IR feature that let you control your TV , Cable box and surround sound.

ENJOY this phone every day. Compared to the Apple Iphone 4, it is huge in allowing the eyes to see. AND after downloading Apple I0s 7 which was HORRIFIC..this phone has great graphics, super ability to HEAR THE OTHER PERSON and ODDLES of free downloadable apps. Now if it will just hold up as long as the STURDY Apple 3, 4 which I never would have even switched from, if they IOS 7 had not mucked it completely UP and made it impossible to READ the screen /able to hear persons on the other end. SO WAY COOL:)

This phone is all you would think so I won't go into that here.  But there is a significant GPS issue for the AT&T; version.Every time I plug or unplug the charger from my phone the GPS drops out. I have to then toggle the GPS on/off in my quick settings to get it working again while navigatingIt also seems to drop the signal when I get an incoming phone call or open any other app while using the navigation app.I have confirmed this same behavior on 2 other friends Note 3's. I'm hoping this is just a software issue that will be fixed in a future os update.

Arrived promptly.  I was researching for this phone at the right price and I found it here. Love the phone and have had no problems.

I could write and write and write about this phone. It is one of the most amazing phones I have ever owned. The amount of options and clarity are unreal. The Note 3 is pure perfection.FEB 19, 2014 UPDATE:I have returned my Note 3 and will now be going to Iphone 5S. The GPS on this phone is pure junk. It does not matter where you are or what carrier your with. For what is now listed over $700.00 on Amazon I would expect the GPS to work. I am amazed that Amazon has hiked the price of this phone since I purchased it by over $100.00! I also started to have freeze ups and it would require removing the battery to fix it. I don't know why but it always seems that with Android phones they start off great and quickly degrade in performance and the Note 3 is no exception. This makes me sad because I really do love the size. Well it's a love/hate I guess. In any case, I will be moving back once again to Apple and the iPhone. Small screen, yes - but it's a trade off for ensured quality. This phones price currently on Amazon is not worth it with all the issues.

I have had the Note 1, Note 2 and now have this model. For the 1st month it was amazing, then the GPS issues started. I have had AT&T replace it 5 times and it is still not fixed. And when you talk to AT&T, they blow you off. Don't waste your money if you use gps even slightly! And I'm not the only one, just do a google search for &#34;Note 3 GPS issues&#34; and the 1st AT&T forum link that comes up says it all.

I'm on AT&T; contract, so when it came time to upgrade I got this gorgeous phone. The only downside is locked bootloader. But ROM devs still came thru with rooting and some international ROMs are ported. So freedom is still there. Rooting allows me to remove some unneeded programs and also save some battery with Greenify app - to gain full control of my phone in other words.Other thoughts: if you are looking for contract free phone with big screen and GPE like experience and unlocked bootloader - look at Sony Xperia Z Ultra or Samsung Galaxy Note3 for T-Mobile.

Excellent phone. After being an Apple iPhone fanatic for 4 years, this phone can do so much more. Ease of use is great. Android system is fantastic. The size is perfect.

I've used this phone for a few hours after activating and getting an update installed. But the phone has already frozen up two times, requiring me to hold the button on the right side for several seconds until a restart. No, I did not install any new apps, the phone froze up when I was trying to read email.  And then the phone often freezes for a few seconds while doing simple navigation, but then continues.  (No, I was not watching a movie or listening to music.) Maybe it's a hardware defect? Also, there's so much bloat/crap-wear that's difficult to remove, or can't be removed, and some can't be disabled completely (like My Magazine) - and those consume data bandwidth. And I thought with all the processing power that this device claims to have, the UI would be snappier. Instead it's only very slightly faster that my previous iPhone 4s with IOS-7.  And with IOS-6 this Note 3 is slower.  I've seen older Android phone and they are sooo slow, compared to iPhones - I think those who say this phone is fast are just comparing it to older Androids. But the screen is a nice size, and without a case and protector it feels cheaply made, unlike iPhones which seem more solid. (But I'm sure others have dropped and broken their iPhones.)  If the phone continues to occasionally freeze up and the phone needs to be replaced I'll update this review.

Phone is great at getting you lost. If you are driving to some unknown location and use the GPS functions on an app you will lose GPS signal at some point and end up some where you really don't want to be. Its happened to me and many others. You can google this and see there are many with this issue and it only pertains to the AT&T; version of this phone.WIFI is weak, it drops frequently and you can be right next to the access point.

Switching from the original AT&T; Samsung Galaxy Note i717 this upgrade was much better than expected.  Mind you after years of experience with AT&T; bloatware the first thing I did was root it and freeze all that junk. I mean geez who uses that AT&T; navi app, or the half a dozen sync tools and services only for AT&T;/Samsung devices whose utility is redundant, inferior, or annoying to what comes in a base android system. Now I can easily make it two days on a charge even with everything turned on.I protected it with a Spigen NeoHybrid case, and iloome Flex Glass screen protector both of which I can recommend without reservation for this phone.

Awesome phone! Battery life is noticeably sustainable on a busy day with no recharge necessary. It is difficult to have a conversation putting it up to your ear so headphones or bluetooth earpiece is a must. The phone is huge but manageable once you get used to it. Fast and responsive. Does everything a phone and a tablet was made to do...LOVE IT!

I am an Apple product user. I have a Macbook pro, I use an iMac and iPads at work, and so on, so I have a grasp of Apple's OSx. I was afraid that the switch and learning a new program would be difficult but that wasn't the case at all. There are some things that Apple does better and vica versa but I am standing with my decision. Not because I am bound a 2yr contract now but because I have tried them both and this fits me better.I was afraid that this might be one of those &#34;too&#34; good to be true thing since the product goes for $179 (+ data plan and taxes) w/a 2yr contract on Amazon and nearly twice as much (+ data plan and taxes) at the stores. But seeing that the sellers are Amazon, I took the chance. If this was a &#34;knock-off&#34; then they have done a very good job :).FYI I believe that Staples is selling the Note 3 for 1 cent w/a 2yr agreement. But the catch is that you have to have never had a phone contract before, etc. Check their requirements for more info.Packing:Very generic, almost careless. When I received my box the item inside wasn't held in securely, so the product and things included rattled around. When I opened my box the phone itself almost flung out. Also it is labeled as brand new but the seal says &#34;QC Approved&#34;.Phone:If you are an artist and/or business person then you are going to love the S Pen. I hardly use mine though except for typing, yes typing. i love the Android software, it's very easy to use and customizable. There are some features that I do miss from Apple products but I don't mind discovering new things on Android. The phone itself I am very satisfied with. It is a little slippery at times and feels tight in your pants when sitting if you wear fitted pants. I went to the movies with it in my pockets and I thought that the pressure from my fitted jeans had warped my screen a little. Whether it did or not it is hardly noticeable.As of right now I am typing from a Macbook pro. only because I have to charge my phone. The battery life is okay maybe it's do to the fact that i kept playing with it. I am now a member of the &#34;people neglecting real life brigade&#34;. :)

I've had this phone for two days now and there just isn't anything I DON'T like about it.Screen: The screen is a beautiful 5.7" FHD SAMOLED display. While it is not a true RGB display, it is still absolutely gorgeous. The viewing angles are superb and the colors are close to natural (assuming you use the Movie Mode).Size: I bought this phone knowing it will be the largest phone I have ever used before. It's actually smaller than what I thought it would be. It is pretty much the same size as the Galaxy Note 2, but also a little lighter. I can use most of the features with one hand, no problem, but I have pretty large hands (piano hands). Thin bezels just add to the beauty of the phone!Look and feel: I very much love the aesthetics of the phone! It's a real eye catcher.  I love the textured back , it feels solid and it definitely won't be slipping out of my hand. I prefer the more squarish design of the Note 3 more than the round, "natural" design of the Note 2. It looks more futuristic. The volume buttons and home button are rock solid and provide the right amount of physical feedback when using them. Although, I find myself accidentally hitting the home key a lot.Camera: The camera has been wonderful so far. I am by no means a photographer but it does the job superbly when I do want to catch that rare photo. The video on this thing is AMAZING compared to what I have had before. The 1080p 60 FPS is SO SMOOTH I LOVE IT. It's a little scary, actually.Call Quality: Everyone has said that I have been coming through loud and clear, no issues. Everything is clear on my end, as well.Sound/Speakers: This phone is capable of high quality sound through headphones but I never use headphones. The loud speaker is somewhat disappointing. It all sounds like it's coming out of a tin can. I don't use the loud speaker all that much though so it isn't a deal breaker by any means.Software: I love the S-Pen, I find myself using it a lot more than I thought I would. I use the ScrapBook option a lot as I use StumbleUpon daily. Good place to keep recipes, especially since I can tag things then search for them later. I love writing out notes as well and then sending them to people. I hate S-Voice. It sucks and pales in comparison to Siri or Google Now. I had the option to say "Hi Galaxy" when the screen is off turned on and it turns on randomly! It did it once in the movie theatres! So embarrassing. I froze that app asap.Battery Life: WOW. 5 hours screen-on time with mostly auto-brightness, but I generally watch an hour worth of videos a day on full brightness. It lasts all day and then some. It also charges in roughly 2.5 hours as well. I am VERY pleased with the battery life.There really isn't anything wrong with this phone.. I love every aspect of it. It never lags, it handles everything beautifully.. the only thing I didn't like was S-Voice, but I also knew that when buying the phone. Nothing has let me down so far.If you are on the fence about buying this phone, just buy it. You'll love it!Actually, there is ONE thing I don't like. Because of the type of display, white colors drain the battery more quickly than darker colors. On the international variant, the Dialer, Messages and Contacts have a black background whereas the AT&T; version has white backgrounds. This is dumb and needs to be fixed.But seriously though, buy this phone.Have a good day!

The exact model number isn't listed on here but what I was given was the SM-N900A version which IS the Snapdragon 800 version running at 2.3 GHz. I ran quadrant and antutu right out of the box and had gotten 23,099 and 35,668 respectively. (For those unfamiliar with these benchmarking programs, these scores absolutely demolish all the other phones out there.)(It's embarassing to say that this phone is actually more powerful than my 3 year old laptop by .2 GHz.) I was a little worried I might have gotten the Exynos version because I want the best of the best. I purchased it on amazon for 200 bucks in november. (only to find out it dropped even more to 150 during december for ATT, which is ridiculousy low. I don't know why it dropped that low but it's back up over 200 now.) I think I got a pretty good deal considering it retails for 300.but I digress.I have used iphones since the 3GS in '10, 1 3GS and 2 4s. I lost the first 2 and the last was.. let's just say it was my 21st birthday and there was a lot alcohol involved. imagine water damage but not water. yea it was pretty gross. Great birthday present for me right?well if it wasnt for that, I wouldn't have gotten this awesome phone.I got used to it SUPER fast. I fell in love with it. With samsung there's just a sheer amount of little things to fiddle with. There's a HUGE amount customization possible. The one thing I loved was that a pro version of  SketchBook made specifically for the note 3 was already preinstalled. that's a 5 dollar app.As an actual phone, voice quality is great. Ypu can use the first 20 seconds of MP3s as a ringtone but you can't choose a specific part of a song. (You can get around that by making a snippet and putting it on your phone). Texting can be cumbersome at first with such a large keyboard but you can also swype to text and there is a voice record option I find myself using often that writes what you say. It's huge but not bulky in the pocket. A case might make it bulky but as a regular guy with regular jeans, it's fine. (sorry, ladies.)PROS:-Ridiculous battery life: Average usage with average use is always 10-14 hours.-Swappable batteries make battery life irrelevant-There exists a 10,000 MaH battery for the Note 3 by zerolemon and that's crazy.-Expandable micro sd card-Can run just about anything in the app store.-Stylus, I actually use it for sketchbook and drawing in snapchat. and also for action memos lol.-13 megapixel camera-4K recording. 4K.. recording.CONS:-It comes in an ugly orange ATT box. Not the cool wood-like cardboard that I wanted. :/-Can only use multi window with certain apps. (This might be changed with future updates.)-Camera flash as a flashlight isn't as bright as an S3's light.-Doesn't come with headphones.note: all information is written in Jan 2014. Some of the posted information may become obsolete with future updates, etc.. If you have any questions about this phone feel free to email me at wslysmsn@yahoo.com.

I had the GN 1 which lasted fairly well for about a year. The second year was all about suffering through until I was eligible for an upgrade. It finally completely died two weeks after the GN 3 came out. So, because I loved all the features and size of the phablet and assumed the device would be better than my last, I purchased the GN 3. Three days later people started telling me my voice cut out for several seconds while talking to them, then they started complaining there was a loud echo. Since I was within the 14 day return period, I returned the phone and got another new one. That solved the problem temporarily, but a few weeks later I started getting complaints again. I went back to AT&T; and this time they reset the phone which unfortunately made me lose my calendar, but once again the phone seemed to work, at least for a while. Within about six weeks the complaints from my clients and family were coming in several times a day. Another bum phone!! All AT&T; wants to do is send me a refurbished phone under the warranty. I've tried and tried to get them to understand that I paid for a new phone THAT WORKED and I've never gotten that. They really don't care. All they do is read their scripts, tell me they understand, and often hang up on me even though I have been polite (although firm) about my expectations.Fun tablet, terrible phone!!!!

although I didn't buy my samsung galaxy note 3 from Amazon this is the second galaxy note I've had I've had the original I 717 which I put it in the mud puddle by accident and tried everything to get the water out so I got another phone Galaxy Note 3 beautiful phone speed is wonderful better than i7 17 I was thinking about an i5 because I do have an iPad like the Apple but its just not big enough I like the Galaxy Note because it is a little bit bigger and conceal a little bit better with it on watching movies

i received this a few days ago and have been working with it, it is big but i really like it, lots of new things to learn about it, but i cant wait to see what i discover next that this phone can do.

The Galaxy Note Three is proof that size does matter. After years of suffering with an iPhone Five and Apples failing operating system, I have found the Galaxy Note Three to be a breath of fresh air. The greatest aspect of this phone has got to be the battery life. The battery, which is as large as some smart phones, allows a full day of calling, texting, gaming, internet browsing, and movie watching, without the need of a recharge. For someone who had to recharge their phone twice a day with their old phone, the long lasting battery life is reason enough to make the switch to Samsung. Another feature that sets the Galaxy Note Three apart from the competition is it&#8217;s larger sized high definition screen.  The screens images are so crystal clear that they rival the picture quality of high definition computer monitors and televisions. The Galaxy Note Three&#8217;s larger screen size has also proved to be a major convenience. With the larger dimensions, one can easily show video and photographs to a group of friends without having to pass your phone around from person to person. This eliminates the concern of damage caused if  your phone is dropped. With all the large benefits that set the Galaxy Note Three apart from other phones on the market, Samsung also added in several small features that separate this phone from all others. When you are texting, the phone vibrates every time you touch a key. These small vibrations causes the touchscreen to feel like an actual keypad, rather than a piece of glass. Another small feature of the Galaxy Note Three is the ability to change from song to song on the MP3 player by passing an open hand over the touchscreen. This feature may not have world changing value, but feeling like a Jedi Knight, even if only for a moment, can never be underestimated.  With all the positive points of the Galaxy Note Three, there are also a few drawbacks. The phone comes with several apps that serve the same function which makes the interface somewhat confusing. The settings menu is nearly impossible to navigate because of TouchWiz, which is so broken they had to add a search bar so that users could type in what they are looking for. There are also a few concerns about the construction of the phone.  The sheer size of the phones screen makes it fragile to the point that a drop will most probably end in the screen shattering. This problem is compounded by the plastic exterior of the phone which provides little rigidity or protection. With a price of two hundred dollars to replace a damaged screen, the fragility of the Galaxy Note Three is by far the greatest concern to an otherwise stellar product. If you are a person that loves the most advanced technology, and are willing to spend the money on a good phone case, I would recommend the Galaxy Note Three as your next phone.

I'll keep it short and sweet. I upgraded to the Note 3 from my Droid X2 (which I had for 3 years) and WHAT AN UPGRADE! Here are some highlights I'm enjoying:Thrills:-Beautiful screen. The phone's size was very easy for me to warm up to, however the first week with this phone in my hands was like my sons facial expression when he couldn't figure out why the Square block isn't fitting into the Triangle hole as a toddler.-Charging port still fits my previous chargers and yet can fit the new charger which charges this beast super fast.-The S-pen is wonderful. I take snapshots of my screen and write notes all the time to explain things better to my friends/co-workers.-Bluetooth automatically brings up a list of paired devices for you to choose from the moment you turn the function on.-Wonderfully long battery life. Meets my needs perfectly and then some.-Smooth and functional interface and quality OS. (My Droid X2 was plagued with random issues over the 3 years I owned it)-The shear speed and processing power never leaves me twiddling my thumbs waiting for apps to close/open, or have loading issues.-Meets a very wide range of needs for a portable device. I enjoy using the art apps to sketch housing floorplans, design ideas etc.______________Chills:-It's so light and thin, with its grip lacking plastic pseudo-leather backing I sometimes feel like I don't have much to hold onto, or it may slide out of my hands if I am not careful enough. I feel better having a case on it that improves grip.-Speaker placement. My hands often cover it when I stop to play a quick mobile game.I highly recommend this device, and am excited to see the future of "Phablets". This phone seriously raises the bar on smartphones.

So far so good!  I've had this phone for a couple of months now and it is head and shoulders above the previous phone I had (Samsung Skyrocket).  Battery lasts all day with plenty left over (I use it constantly through out the day).  It's responsive to my touch and with the S pen.  I'm still learning everything it can do so I'll have to add to this post at a later date when I figure it all out.

Amazing resolution, great battery life, great features, light for the size.  It does everything I want it to do like make it easy to type because I have hand problems I can appreciate it.  Numbers always on the screen is real helpful.

Dad is a big fan of the Note series already...very easy on the eyes. This one improves battery life and user experience so much that he transferred to the new phone with no issues.

I think I like the phone; still learning about it. Saw a brief comment about online tutorials for SPen etc. but haven't found them. Screen is awesome and so are the pictures. My biggest issue that brings the overall score down is frustration with ATT - took me over an hour to be told I had to wait 24 hrs to try to register on their website again as they had the wrong zip code put in - they told me to use the wrong zip instead of fixing it - and over 90 minutes on the phone the next day trying to get the number ported correctly. in the meantime several calls/messages were &#34;lost&#34;.  Hopefully things will progress more smoothly in the future.  I do have much better connection and the phone works well.  Will upgrade review if I find that to be the case.

I've had this for several weeks. It's a high performer in every way.The GPS issue: it receives GPS signal like a champ.I am editing my review after having this a few more weeks. I expected to have GPS dropping problems because of the many reviews and blogs I had seen mentioning it, so I mentioned that problem in my review. But to be fair, after weeks of testing, the GPS and online navigation works very well and I see no need to use the workarounds mentioned in those forums and blogs.Either they have fixed the problem with the newer phones software, or the trigger for the problem which seems to have to do with switching from one type of data connection to another while on the move (i.e. LTE to 4g or different towers or w/e)does not occur in my area. I have ATT and live in San Diego County and I drive for a living. I used the GPS to navigate to about 20 addresses a few days ago over an 8 hour period of time. Not only did it get me there and never drop signal, but the battery lasted me all day (I did turn the screen off when I it wasn't needed and listened to audio instructions so the screen was only on 50% of the time). It saved my but when my normal navigator, a garmin, had nowhere to plug into in the vehicle I checked out that day.So basically this phone is spectacular and the only potential flaw I heard about doesn't affect my phone or my area. I bought this from Amazon online.Databyter

for those unfamiliar w/ dope, its a slang term that means ur awesome.I cant believe there arent more reviews. Anyways this is the sweet spot for phone size. once u get this size phone u realize 2 things:1. u cant ever go bigger than this, its just not practical and2. u cant ever go smaller than this, it just wont be the same enjoyable experiencemy decision to go to this size was i just though about how many actual instances in 1 day i use my phone and realized it was a ton. It just made since to not go cheap with something that i use so frequently. these phones really are becoming our little companions that do so much and more every day.You get used to the size quickly. i have small hands and i adapted very easily. the phone has settings to make it easier to use 1 handed for common things so that you dont have to reach inches away to press a number or something.The speed is incredible. Browsing the web is super fast and the batter life, omg, i can FINALLY have a LIVE WALLPAPER running all day and not worry about running out of battery before i charge up at night. Battery is simply amazing.spen is fun but i wished the button on it acted like a mouse click all the time. it does on a few things but not most.thats all for now, i dont regret my purchase and knew i wouldnt, now if otterbox would just finally release there commuter case i will be good to go.

I feel it only fair to upgrade from my previous 2 star rating to 4 stars. My biggest problem with the phone was the texting from i phone to the galaxy. My server (verizon) was not much help with this problem and it haunted me for about a week. I could not receive any text from i phones. After going on you tube, doing google searches etc, I finally called Apple, something I should have done in the first place. They disconnected my old apple phone and the texts started coming in. This phone is no apple product but I can get use to it now. I love the large screen and i offers many new apps. I'm much happier now.

I bought it for my wife.  She wanted a bigger phone, and she loves it.  I would love it too if I carried a purse, but it's too big to fit into a man's pocket.  But that's no fault of the phone.  It was everything it was advertised to be.

I love the shape of this mobile, the leather look is too cool. Only because of the shape and build I dint go for S3 and S4.Its big for my shirt pocket but it comfortably fits my pant pocket and the battery last for 12hrs(nearly 3-4 hrs of songs, 1 hr of browsing and 1 hr of gaming, also sync to my personal and official email and calender).

This just felt good the moment I grasped it ad held it in my hand. The screen size and the resolution are impressive and that is something I have been waiting for. The Galaxy Note 3 has a wider 5.7 inch Full HD 1080p. The image is really incredible. The S Pen feature really works. I am old school and being able to use the S Pen to handwrite notes and turn them into text is something I really like. I like the idea of having great visuals on a phone and to integrate them into 2-way communication functions is perfect for me. I recommend this phone for those reasons.

So, I got this phone using &#34;Verizon Edge&#34; program - ordered over the phone. When I received it, it wouldn't activate. The SIM card number wasn't on the order. I had to pry the SIM card out of the Note 3, which is NOT an easy thing to do! I had to do this to read the SIM card number to Verizon Wireless, so they could activate it.I noticed that when I had device on maximum brightness (NOT on &#34;Automatic&#34;) and was working on something over extended amount of time, the brightness would dim for a few seconds, then return to max. This would keep happening, at random intervals, and to seemingly random brightness levels. If I continued still to use it... say after 45 minutes or something, it would dim to MINIMUM brightness for few seconds.Now, it wouldn't show me or tell me in any way what brightness level it was changing to... I could just tell when it was putting to MINIMUM brightness. I got it replaced for another Note 3... The replacement had same issue... I called Verizon Wireless and then they revealed to me that this was a feature built into device by the manufacturer. I even spoke to Samsung to verify this.So, stay away from the Galaxy Note 3 at ALL COSTS! ANYONE that owned this device might need to operate the device on maximum brightness for extended amount of time... I mean, why have a long life battery, quad core cpu, and 3 gb RAM, if you can't fully utilize them? So, this phone does this to prevent overheating. Why would a $700 phone have a problem with overheating!?!STAY AWAY FROM THE GALAXY NOTE 3!

As a previous user of the iphone I can definitely say switching from the Apple iOS to the Android OS was a pleasure instead of the nightmare I thought would ensue from the change. Do not buy this phone if you are looking for something that is small and easy to slip into your pocket as that is not the case with the Note 3. If you want a phone with an amazingly beautiful screen and many new functions that I myself find very handy then this is the phone for you. To pick on just one of the new features I like the scrapbooking as they call it is the most handiest of them all to have. No matter what you are doing whether it be in a video or on the web, you can start this tool and litterally circle what ever it is you want to save for later and it does it. Recipes for me with this is a snap now. No more wondering if they website I found with a really good looking recipe is compatible with the app I have. Just circle the recipe and your done. There is one unconfirmed rumor I heard that Samsung is struggling right now so not sure if this is something to consider when buying this phone or not but to me it doesn't matter. All in all when it comes to any smart phone they are all fragile and need to be protected. Obviously some are stronger than others and can take more punishment but at the end of day when your talking about a $500-$800 phone investing in a phone case to protect it is a must have. I know they are bulky but get over it and DO IT. You will thank me later when you go to sell your phone and can sell it as Practically New instead of Ok or Broken Condition.

Best phone I've ever owned. I gave my iphone 5 away once I saw one of these and orders this beauty as soon as I could. I've had it for a few months now and I'll never give up on samsung, especially if they keep up the larger sized phones. Once you start using a phone of this size you won't be able to imagine going back to a tiny little 2 inch phone that you can barely use. If you use your phone a lot then you will love how much more room you have to work with on the Note.

Forget those silly complaints about region lock.  They do not affect USA carriers, or even 99.9% of other users. They do not apply to this US version. The region locked N9000 is not LTE and uses a different CPU; it is the European/ international version.  It does have problems with switching SIMM cards between countries so no one should get it. (Bad move Samsung). US users need to get the phone for their respective carrier which changes the last digit of the number.  It's that simple. Amazon makes many versions available.[I teach overseas yearly.  I keep my phone in airplane mode and use Wi-Fi or get a cheap phone card.]First, I am not affiliated with Samsung in any way, nor do I work for a cell phone store.  I am a writer though.Secondly, I hate long reviews with the poster  just reports the specs you already have.  Rather, these comments show why the Galaxy Note 3 is more technologically advanced, and more phone for your money, compared to the many good phones on the market today.  As for those phones that only show an app screen.  I call them cave phones.1.  The beautiful  5.7" Super Amoled HD display has a "Wow!"  factor.  Everything is crisp and clear with a resolution of 1920 x 1080P, 386 PPI.  Despite a few good contenders, no phone on the market can match the combination of vibrant color, and deep blacks.  Check it out for yourself.  For those who prefer drab, you can even adjust color intensity and contrast.Is this practical?  You bet.  You get more viewable data for all social networking apps;  you can see more email and contacts without scrolling; browsing is quick and pages more visible; YouTubes and video are fantastic; games are more playable; you can see larger areas on GPS maps;  you get a better view of radar in weather; (live) wallpapers look great; you can use it as a reader; you can multitask with it; and with the right productivity apps you can even get some work done on it.  I will never go back to a small screen phone.  This phone is a joy to use.2.  The CPU (For US versions) is the quad core Qualcomm snapdragon 800 @ 2.3, which is the fastest processor on the planet as of this time.  It will perform well for years to come.  A few other phones have it.  No lag on this baby.  Just try to do things to outpace it.  It moves data faster than you can see.  Partially because of #3.3.  The Adreno 330 GPU is the best on the market, a few other phones have it.  Graphics are amazing.  It is 50% faster than the Adreno 320 in the Galaxy S4 which is a screamer.4.  It's the only phone to come with 3 GB of DDR 3 RAM.  It also comes standard with 32 gigs of storage  and you can add more with an SD card.  Note: No extra charges for these!5.  It has a great 13 megapixel camera with useful software, a BSI Sensor, Smart Digital Stabilization and high CRI LED.  Very few phones have this.  It is also the only phone to  do 4K video right now - sharp!  It also does 1080P video at 60 FPS which is great.6.  No other phone has USB 3.0.  2 advantages: the phone charges very quickly on the 2 amp charger and nice thick cable.  File transfer times are faster.  With USB 3.0, a 2 gig file takes 27 seconds from the Note 3 to my (high end) PC.  With USB 2.0 the same file takes 57 seconds.7.  How many phones have an S Pen?  Except for email and quick notes, I seldom used the S Pen on my original Galaxy Note, but the Note 3 comes with some useful software making it more functional,  and the handwriting recognition is scary accurate.8.  How many phones have a huge 3200 mA battery?  It easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use despite the large screen.  Hardware CPU and GPU  improvements, as well as Android 4.3 make the 100 mA bump over the Note 2 even more significant.  You can also open the back and change out the battery - unlike some phones.9.  It does infrared remote control.  It also has TV-out (via MHL  A/V link),  Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, and gesture sensor.  I'm serious people, you get more for your money.10.  Hello multitasking!  The fast CPU & GPU, extra memory, and high-resolution 5.7 inch screen make multitasking feasible and fun on a cell phone.  You can even scroll through multiple applications in each split screen.  This is even better if you hook up a keyboard and mouse via Bluetooth or USB, and connect through HDMI to your TV or computer monitor.  The Note 3 can actually serve as a small computer.  How many phones can do that?  You can also mirror the phone screen with your smart TV for internet, games, viewing pics, whatever.11.  This the best cell phone for gaming on the market , period.  The above features and OpenGL 3.0 which is part of Android 4.3 make it happen.  Don't believe me?  Read the reviews, watch the you tubes, and compared it for yourself.12.  It doesn't just have GPS, it also uses A GPS (improved), and Glonass Satellites.  DL a GPS satellite app, and you'll see it will access between 5 and 25 satellites at once depending on time of day and location.13.  Got Knox?  No, you don't.  This phone provides business enterprise, and government level security for boot, VPN, etc., and comes in handy for privacy on public Wi-Fi.  You don't have to use it, but it is there.EDIT:  It is there, but for some reason AT&T; does not allow access this secure environment. Guess they want their competitors to get all those deserting Blackberry customers.14.  The air command and air gesture features make the phone futuristic.  How many phones do that?15.  Is the screen too large for one handed operation?  Yes, but so what?  The tradeoff is worth it.  Besides, Samsung now includes software to shrink it for one-handed so you get the best of both worlds.16.  I have been using the original Galaxy Note, which is actually wider,  wearing suit pants to jeans.  Both phones  fit fine in your pocket.  Don't worry about it unless you wear skinny jeans.17.  The TouchWiz UI is fine, and super fast now, but I prefer a 3rd party launcher - Go Launcher EX from the play store.  Over a million users.  So, the launcher is not a deciding factor in phone purchase for any Android manufacturer.  Neither is S-voice, which is still seriously lacking.  Just use Google voice and DL a different sound from the app store if you want.There are a few things that Samsung needs to improve in my opinion.  I don't know how many thousands of people need to tell them that putting the volume rockers directly opposite the power button is inconvenient  for users.  The Note 2 placement was better but still wrong.I do like the new speaker placement though.  Its perfect for horizontal viewing because your hand channels the sound to the user.  However, there should be a better one with more bass.  It is Ok, and plenty loud, just not great like the rest of the phone.This phone should also be waterproof right out-of-the-box.  Not a scaled-down version, just waterproof the thing.  Other manufacturers are doing it for their flagship phones.  That means Samsung can do it too.  Truth be known, we users never want to see another flagship phone that is not waterproof.  It's doable, so please do it.  Smoke it with that nano-whatever  waterproofing stuff.  You went to CES.All that said, I'm very, very happy, with the Note 3.  IMHO the Note 3 is so powerful and functional, it is the first device I would classify as a hand held computer.  As a professor, I researched it for days and used the original Galaxy Note for over a year now.  There are other good phones, but the Note 3 does it in one package, and in most cases does it better,  for the same flag-ship- phone price.  I feel sorry for the fanboys and people believing advertising  hype who don't research the market.  They pay top dollar but don't get their money's worth.  Amazon is a great place to get your money's worth and to find out user information.  Thanks Amazon.Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention, it's a really good phone too.Recommendation - get a case for any phone, one that raises a bevel on the front glass, and try to find a good screen protector.

CONS:AT&T; has had over 4 months to get their software GPS issues fixed with this phone. If you plan on using this for navigation in any form, AVOID IT UNTIL THEY FIX THE PROBLEM! Google Maps, Ingress, WAZE and even AT&T;'s paid Navigation app will NOT be reliable. Just search &#34;AT&T; NOTE 3 GPS Issues&#34; to learn more. As much as I love the phone in general, the fact that a MAJOR function of this phone has been broken for over 4 months is ridiculous.Think about it for a minute. 20% of the lifespan of this $300 phone has been without a functional GPS. This is one of the top of the line phones for AT&T; and yet they have been unable to resolve the issue. People have resorted to rooting their phone, copying Samsung's default GPS files over AT&T;'s files to get a functional GPS. If you aren't willing to void your warranty, well then you're out of luck.If GPS matters to you, avoid it.pros:- Huge screen- S-Pen- Long battery life- Blazing fast- Almost everything honestlyGreat phone. Sucky support. Avoid if you use GPS for anything. =(
