
Decent phone for the price but its a bit slow and sometimes the touchscreen doesnt work,but with phones you get what you pay for.

this phone I paired with virgin mobile $35. unlimited talk text data.today I tried to top up my plan and found out that it had a boost mobile phone number area code 707. i was finely able to add minutes when virgin mobile ported my number from net 10 this is my first smart phone so i am still learning a good phone at a good value

I really like this phone but after a week or so the phone kept shutting down and restarting itself. I also bought this phone as a gift for my son and it just randomly turned off and we could not get it to turn back on VM did replace the phone the second one had the constant shut down reboot problem VM replaced that one as well he is now on the third one so far so good but he has only had it for two days only time will tell. If you search online you will see the shut down restart problem is common with this phone.

I ordered this phone for 69$ and it's better than any of the expensive ones I had before. I was really skeptical about it because of the price being so low but wow. The reviews weren't fake that is for sure! Compared to my past phones its faster, has better signal, way more responsive screen, light as a feather and the very latest android version installed. I will never buy an overpriced HTC phone again after using this phone. I would choose this phone instead of an iPhone even. I plan to order a second one when my wife arrives in the US if they don't change the price.

This is a awesome smartphone, I am very impressed with the quality of this phone. I have owned several different types and this is my favorite, I like it better than my iPhone. With the Virgin Mobile plan you cant beat it as long as you can get a Sprint signal.

Phone exceeds expectations! Easy to set-up and use, great price and simple switch over to virgin mobile. easy access to multiple apps.

After shorting out my ZTE Supreme (which I loved), I had to get a replacement phone asap. So, went down to Radio Shack and bought a Kyrocera phone for the same price as this ZTE Awe.After getting it home and activated, I realized I did not like the Kyrocera phone whatsoever...looked up reviews on the Kyrocera and it barely had 2 starts. One viewer said that she took off the clear protective cover on her Kyrocera because she hated her phone so much it didn't need to be protected! LOL.Anyway, I did not like the Kyrocera and ordered this ZTE for exactly the same price.  MUCH, much better phone. Glad I got it. If you like this phone, you might love the ZTE Supreme. It has a bigger screen and is a great phone, but it's 3 times as expensive (even on sale) then this one, so, I'll have to save up to get another one of those. In the meantime, this is a good substitution.

I loved this phone. Had great battery life, and everything worked good. I did have random resets at times, but it didn't bother me too much, as it never did it when I was right in the middle of using it. So why only one star?...because after three months the phone just randomly died for no reason. Didn't drop it, nothing happened to it. Just took it out of my pocket and it wasn't working any more. And it wasn't the battery because my wife has the same phone and I tried her battery, and still no good. Why is it with these phones now days you can't get one to last more than a year with most of them? In this case it only took 3 months.

I bought the phone on December 12 2013, at first it was great phone but then it started to shut off repeatedly now i have to return it

Love the style and functionality of this phone,  I am not a techie but it looks, performs and acts like a much more expensive phone.  My son is a techie and is a incoming Senior at a tech high school and finds this phone more than adequate for my needs.you  I hope this helps and enjoy your purchase!

really awesome phone glad I bought it no regrets what so ever. also a very cheap price.

I really like this phone! I never would have thought that I would buy a high-quality phone for a mere $50 (the normal price is $100 but it's currently half off here on Amazon). It definitely doesn't feel or look cheap. The shortcuts it takes to get to that $100 price point are still apparent, but they're not deal breakers.PROS:> Price> Design. The ZTE Awe doesn't look or feel cheap. It's actually a very sexy phone that feels comfortable in my hand.> The screen is very nice with no hiccups in touch capability. Although the resolution is a mere 400 x 800 pixels, with 233 pixels per inch, it actually looks very good. It's just not as sharp as most phones these days (which have much higher resolutions). But at this price it's not fair to expect it to have a razor-sharp display.> Battery life. If the battery is at 100% in the morning it can usually last you until bedtime. It's no the longest-lasting battery by any stretch, but it's still pretty good.> It has an actual camera button. This is rare to find in a phone these days, but it's convenient to have.> Operating System: It's Android Jellybean, and as far as I can tell, ZTE didn't mess with with the system UI. It feels like a pure Android phone.> The speaker is decent. It's only a mono speaker on the back of the phone, but the volume gets really loud without sounding terrible. The earpiece on the front of the phone is decent for making calls. I wasn't expecting much from the speaker or earpiece, and it's definitely good for what it is.CONS:> There is only 4 GB of internal storage, but only 1.4 GB is actually available. This is WAY too little space for a smartphone. You can expand up to 32 GB with a micro SD card, but a lot of apps (especially Google's apps), can't be moved to the SD card. You're going to have to constantly go through your apps and clear up space whenever some apps need to update.> There is a lot of Virgin Mobile Crapware on this phone. It's easy to disable them, but when you first use this phone you'll want to go through a lot of VM's apps just to disable them.> The phone will reboot all by itself without warning. And whenever it turns on, you're going to get Virgin Mobile's extremely annoying theme song. It's the most annoying sound ever and it will make your ears bleed. There is nothing you can do to stop the phone from rebooting. If you're in the middle of class or in a work meeting it's guaranteed to reboot and give off that horrid Virgin Mobile jingle, thus embarrassing you and possibly getting you into trouble. Even if your phone is on vibrate, you will still hear it. You can get rid of that stupid VM jingle by rooting the phone and running an app that will silence i upon reboot. It's the only way. So unless you like VM's stupid theme song, rooting this phone is required. Also, this doesn't 100% get rid of the problem. My silencer app is a little finicky, so I will still occasionally hear my phone reboot itself.> Google Play Music is a little glitchy on the Awe, especially when using the in-app Equalizer.> The screen gets dirty really, really fast. It's a bigger fingerprint magnet than most phones.> It's only 3G, so unless you're connected to WiFi the internet's really slow.> You won't get any Android updates on here, so you'll only have Android 4.1. This may not be a big deal to some people, but I really love Android so I'm just a little upset that I won't be able to get any future versions of it on this phone.

I purchased this for my son for Christmas and it came right on time. My son loves it. I would highly recommend it!

My battery life doesn't last long just got it yesterday and charged it all till it was full and only lasted 2 hours and the charger didn't work i wanted to contact the place i bought it from rather than posting on here because maybe it could have been fixed but i cant find it any where

first of all I like the design of the phone and all but there's a big big problem with this phone let me start the music player sucks the internet is so slow I cant watch no YouTube videos always skipping the call is great I never had 3g never had signal but once I switched to my LG optimus f3 everything went back to normal I don't recommend to get this phone virgin mobile replace me the phone 5 times same issue with all 5 go with the lg f3 works good I always have 4g always have full signal thing that the zte awe never had smh zte  garbage phone

I purchased this phone after having a clam-shell for the longest time. I didn't want to have to shell out a lot for a smart phone, and wanted to get a prepaid contract. The phone itself is great. Size is perfect, screen is responsive, battery life is decent, processor zippy, and the phone handles even moderately intensive games and apps. For the price, you won't find a better smart phone, especially since you're paying for the phone up front and not being locked into a contract. The selection of cases for this phone is rather lacking, but I recommend any of the ones on Amazon. I got a case and set of screen protectors for under ten dollars, which further justified my love for this phone.  I currently use the $35 beyond plan on Virgin Mobile. So far I've had decent service, and would recommend this as a great product both due to phone service and physical item as well.

I got this phone for $20 on Black Friday, so it was pretty much a steal. It's a little bit thick compared to some phones, but it's not too bad and definitely worth it for the price.I've had it for over a month... the one thing I've noticed is the battery is starting to get a little crappy. I went from having to charge it just at night to having to charge it during the day sometimes, even when I don't really use it all that much. Hopefully it won't get much worse.Apps work great. I haven't had the phone freeze much at all. Coming from an LG Rumor touch, this phone is like getting an iPhone for me. I'm pretty sure there's still features that I don't even know about, but I really love it so far.

I bought two ZTE Awe at Target for only $20 each.  I don't really care much about the OS since I am using the phone for streaming music via Bluetooth to my car stereo.  The 4&#34; screen is also great for streaming YouTube videos.  The camera takes terrible pictures and the location of the camera is awful.  Obviously, the camera also takes awful video.  Additionally, the 1600 mA battery requires daily charging.  Furthermore, the micro SD slot was poorly designed.  It is difficult to tell if the card is in completely when inserted.  The cheap plastic back cover 's durability is questionable.  Similar to other Android OS phones, battery life sucks with all the Google crap running in the background.So, why the five stars?  For $20, it is the best Android bargain out there. I would definitely buy another ZTE phone if they go on sale again.

i would reccomend this phone to others. i actually love it, however, i do not get good coverage at my actual home location.i downloaded the manual. but i found th ZTE Awe is an easy phone to figure out. most all positive for sure.as for apps...the google voice search goes out a lot.

I bought this phone to replace a defunct HTC One V that only lasted 16 months before behaving so erratically that it had to be replaced.  The short lifespan of the HTC phone was a huge disappointment, since so much money is paid up front for non contract phones.  By comparison, the Awe cost one third as much!  It is faster, lighter, easier to maneuver and battery life appears good so far.  I am very impressed with this Virgin Mobile offering.  Had no problem moving mini SD card from the HTC to this phone--nothing was lost!  I am also pleased with the choice of 3 text dialog options (colored text bubbles) after HTC's bland, boring text bubbles.

No complaints about the ZTE Awe. I've had the phone for about a month now and it's still working perfectly!! Very fast, good on storage, and overall an amazing phone.

This phone exceeded all my expectations.  Best in particular for non-technically skilled people.  I am amazed every day by its user friendliness,  move over Apple !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This phone's a really great value for the price

First of all: I like Virgin Mobile's service a lot; I wish they had stronger signal, but they function on Sprint's network, so Sprint needs to step it up in that department, but I like Virgin Mobile.  This phone, is AWESOME!  I got it in early March for $40 at Target, which is a STEAL in my opinion(and you can steal one too because it's still $40 at Target if they're in stock).  It's fast, has 2 gigs of internal memory for apps, has a 4 inch screen, and has a front-facing camera.  Also, it's voice-to-text is almost FLAWLESS!  I don't have Netfilx, but I'm sure if one did have Netflix and used it on this phone, they'd be pretty pleased.  As I said, I got this phone in March and I'm a big college basketball fan, so I downloaded the March Madness app and I got to see practically the entire game of Virginia playing Memphis... Then my free time ran out.  I admit, if this phone was 4G or 4G LTE, it would've been better and my reception of the game wouldn't have dropped out the few times it did, but it played the game very well; I was pleased anyway.  Now, if you're wanting the latest, greatest, you don't want this phone, but if you want something that is effective and dependable, this is it.  I would recommend this phone to anyone, and, as I said earlier, it's still $40 at Target, which is a STEAL; so go get one if you can before they're all gone!  But if you miss the sale at Target, $50 on here is the same price you'd pay at Wal-Mart!  Either way, you're getting a phone that's worth the $100 it retails at; trust me!

I purchased four of these phones for my teen grandchildren. They could not be more pleased with their new phones.

gave it to my sister for a birthday gift and lets just say &#34;she will text you how she feel about it lol&#34;.

First phone had to be returned.. kept retarting. Replacement have had no issues at all. Large screen, takes good pictures.

I love this phone, i can access internet, facebook, my emails and pay my bills and play games and so much more

I purchased the AWE to replace an LG Optimus V and I am quite happy with the choice.The AWE leaves the old Optimus in the dust  on all benchmarks I have tried, which is to be expected given the Awe's dual core Snapdragon 1.2GHz CPU and 1GB RAM. The WiFi in the AWE is more sensitive, always picking up more access points than the Optimus sitting side by side. The GPS in the AWE locks in quickly and has no problem picking up 21 satellites while the phone is inside my house. The Optimus sitting next to the AWE sees only 8 satellites.The AWE has front and rear cameras and both are able to record 720p HD video. The front camera has fixed focus while the rear one has auto focus. I have found that to get good pictures with the rear camera it is important to hold the phone as steady as possible. The rear camera seems to do frame averaging under low light conditions and that guarantees fuzziness if the phone is moving around even slightly.The only real disappointment so far is that tethering via WiFi and USB do not seem to be supported.out of the box. There is an app that makes USB tethering possible, but I haven't found a way to make WiFi tethering work yet.Another minor issue is that when the display is in auto brightness mode it looks darker than I would like. So I typically use a manual brightness level instead.

I just got this phone, the same day my charger piece wouldn't allow me to charge my phone on so I have to shut my phone off to charge it. This phone also won't dectect my SD card from my previous phone. Its also a little slow but nothing you can't handle. It's a swipe keyboard which I hate.The size is nice, I'm not a person who likes a tablet size phone.Picture quality is okay, you have to hold the camera still, this phone also offers flashand a front facing camera.in the end I'mhappy with this phone I paid $60 for a phone that has a $35 plan on it.

For the price it's a great buy. Accomplishes most of the things your higher end  phones can do. On the other hand the selection of cases is not great. So if you know where you can get a hard shell cace that dosen't get stuck in your pocket when you remave it would be greatly appreciated.

I had to pay more money to buy a new phone, this one kept acting strange and getting hot and the battery appeared used. It was examined by a virgin mobile store. I got ripped off.

My husband and I each have this phone.  My husband's phone gets stuck on reboot - over and over and over.  Sometimes it's fine, often it isn't.  Texts tend to get delayed with his phone, too - some arrive as late as the next day (we've had Virgin phones for over 10 years...this is specific to his phone and not Virgin's network).Mine works fine and doesn't reboot itself at random (often), but it DOES drain the battery.  I can't make it a full day without charging, and I keep all location based services disabled unless I'm specifically using them (like if I use Navigation).  It's a bit of a pain, and my husband's phone stays charged much longer than mine and he leaves his location services on all the time.Would I buy one again? nope.  We only paid $20/ea (Black Friday deal), but I wish we had bought different ones.

very good phone! internet seems to work great, quality on it is great! music player is clear. runs on jellybean. touch screen responds perfectly good. battery life is ok.But the only thing that i dont like is the camera.. even though its a 5mp camera, the quality sucks!If you like to use phones to take pics i wouldnt recommend this phone but other than that i really would recommend it!

the screen is touchy but you can fix that with an app. very durable. i drop it all the time without a phone case. good phone for the price.

I think the camera could be better and I wish I could trim the videos down like you can most phones but you cant.The speakers are great and loudEverything works quick on it,the keyboard is easy to text when you have big fingers lolI had the HTC 1 before and  I think this phone is better and much more affordable

Love this phone!! I'm a photographer & the camera is great. No problems like with my last phone and for the price- you can't beat it!

This phone was bought to replace the Kyocera Event I used to have. This phone exceeds my expectations greatly, the only thing I would change is better network performance on the carrier side, Virgin Mobile (Sprint).

I upgraded from optimus v and I was so behind in technology. it was easy to set up. Can't comment on battery life just yet but it seems to be ok.

I have to say upfront that I have really had a rough time with prepaid data phones. Either the quality isn't there, the memory isn't there, or the service is horrible. This phone is a very nice exception - truly one of the most solid performers I've had as I have been switching from carrier to carrier due to signal issues in my area.Pros - twin cameras with a flash for the main camera. Nice screen with automatic brightness. Multi-color LED to indicate missed call, text or e-mail without having to check the screen. Also changes color as the battery charges. Reliable operation - never locked up once in the month I used it (this was a temporary phone). Plenty of on-board memory - something Android 4.x phones so often lack. Ample volume for GPS and ringing. It just plain works.. a major pro in this era of pre-paid phones.Cons - relatively short battery life compared to most modern smartphones. You simply can't forget to charge it every night or first thing in the morning if your forget. A car charger is strongly recommended - this phone doesn't charge well from the PC.(not faulting it for that). Audible reminder is too frequent... if you receive a text while driving, and have audible alerts turned on, this phone can drive you nuts. Minor issue, at the price point you can't expect Gorilla glass, and the screen really shows smudges pretty badly.The short battery life is why I deducted one star, as depending on your apps - this can be unpredictable.

I have not had any problems with this phone. I've had it now for 3 weeks and I think it's better than the HTC One V, that gave me so many problems. I'm not the person that needs the latest greatest phone, and this phone is a good android phone that wont hurt your pocket and performs well!

Really easy to use and has all the features I love. This phone would be great for a person just learning how to use a cell.

He absolutely luv's the phone. His first smart phone and he is very pleased with all of the app's and the performance of the phone overall!

My first Awe didn't work at all, and it took about an hour and a half to establish that with customer support. My second Awe won't take incoming calls. This phone is much more difficult to operate than my old Kyocera &#34;Blackberry&#34; knock-off. I'm getting ready to dump Virgin Mobile over my experience with this clunker.

I bought this as a gift for my wife who is not a fan of cell phones. She had problems learning the basic functions but as she learns how to use it, the more she enjoys it.

This was a good phone. I got mine on ebay for 50 bucks. Black friday was 20 bucks. For this kind of price I think it's a steal. It's not your high end 4g lte with dual processing with 8 mp camera, but it gets the job done. Camera is decent 5 mp. Speed is good enough for me. When you start running multiple apps at once that's where it start to slow and lag a little. People have reported the phone restarting on its own occasionally. This has happened to me a few times and it's most likely due to the fact that I was running too many apps at once. I play deer hunter on this phone and it runs good enough. I get occasional lag spikes but It doesn't affect me too much. Rumor has it it does have a dual core. Idk about that really. Overall, this is a decent phone and for under 100$ it's worth every penny.Update: 3/24/14The reviews about the phone breaking down after a few months are true. The phone likes to restart on its own for no particular reason. sometimes it fails at restarting so i have to take the battery out and restart it that way. I try watching movies on this phone and it just looks like a mosquito net covering the screen for some reason. This is a good backup smartphone. for 50 bucks, I got what I payed for. for now I'm just going to save up for an s3 or even an s5.

I switched from the more expensive Galaxy Reverb to this phone, and it's a major upgrade. I was first surprised at how fast it turns on and boots up. It's faster than the Galaxy Reverb and the programs feel much smoother. I absolutely recommend this phone.

For the price I paid this phone is amazing.  My last phone was an LG Optima elite that had the shut off issue.  That phone was a complete pile of crap compared to this phone.  And I paid half as much for this one.  The best thing about this phone is that the Android version is new enough to use the Google Now and OK Google which works like Siri, but without all the iPhone doucheness about it and so much less money.

Shortly after i got this phone just before christmas i got it activated and got it setup was no problem i think  this was a good deal for the price i payed for it.

Very good phone for the price. Works on the grandfathered $25 Vmobile plan!The phone is 3G. Never had problems with cell service. The camera is okay; nothing spectacular but definitely not flip-phone quality. This device plays youtube videos (assuming your phone plan includes a data package).  Have had a few issues with the phone freezing...usually when streaming video. Besides the occasional stall during video streams, the phone works pretty well. Phone has a slot for extra memory--playing mp3's is a breeze. Takes a while to charge. Holds a charge but it's not amazing in that department. Screen is plastic not glass (fortunately). Overall a good buy for someone looking for a basic smartphone.

I read many reviews about this phone before i bought it, and they missed the boat.  This phone sucks.  It is no way comparable to the lg optimus.  You cannot copy, paste, or anything like that.  You can play games, its fast, but the internet sucks too.  It constantly shuts down, and reboots.  I have a router and internet in my home and the wireless does'nt come on.  The 3g doesn't work alot of the time.  The background sound when  u make or receive calls is so disruptive, i have to hang up.  The speaker is ok for a phone.  But this is not a smartphone. This is not a smartphone.  I thought it was, but it isn't.  Its a basic phone with internet and thats it.  Alot of internal memory space, which is nice.  But thats all i can say.  I am very disappointed.  I got a great price, i thought, but its not a great price if its just an internet capable phone, i could of bought anything and had the same benefits.  If you are trying to upgrade from the optimus V, don't buy this phone.

Absolutely love this phone. As a previous customer of Sprint and owner of a Samsung Galaxy S3, I decided I'd be better off going with a prepaid phone. Instead of $95 a month with Sprint, I spend $35 with VM. This phone is great. It takes decent pictures and has a great display. Love it!

fast and responsive. the phone really surprised me for the price. It runs just as well as my other expensive phone.

Great cell phone with android 4.1 jelly Bean & The delivery was fast and quick u need More Phone Like Zte Awe On Sale what About The Other Zte Phone On Virgin!

average phone works for what I need only and soo is my son's phone also, we like it  battery runs out all the time.

I have had this phone for 3 months and it works great. No reboot problems or anything weird going on with it. I'm. A heavy app and internet user so this phone is great to hold games and apps. Also it can copy and paste it's quite simple if you can't figure it google it the Manuel is online. The other thing I like about it is that apps don't crash as often as they do on my iPod touch.

The Awe is an inexpensive touchscreen, and Virgin Mobile offers outstanding plans. I've had no trouble with this phone. I don't know how I ever lived without it. Highly recommended!

My daughter loves it

has a good feel and performance first android phone so still playing with it but seems good . think you will like it .

Very happy with phone,easy to use and has a lot of nice features.Can not beat the price.I would recommend this phone.

Good phone for $80.  I really only had it for a month or so and then  got an iphone.No issues at all. I recommend this !

Bought this phone for my 10 year old daughter and she has been very happy with it. Works perfectly everywhere we go.

I have had a couple of different tablets, but postponed my entry into the smartphone world (partly because of the cost-prohibitive nature of prepaid smart phones and how many receive poor reviews).This is a great phone. It is very responsive (only occasionally laggy), operates smoothly, and basically does what it's supposed to.I love using the GPS with Google Maps. Love using Google Drive...I find myself taking more notes in meetings or in a lecture setting. I am a heavy user of Google Drive, so Android was a no brainer for me and this phone has been a big help for doing things on the fly.Other things I like using the phone for: YouVersion Bible, kindle, amazon, youtube, documenting work-related items, sharing photos, trying to find places, comparing pricing...basically using it as a smart phone. The selling point for the Awe is the fact that, while lacking in certain high quality features, it is actually feature-rich and is incredibly affordable.Battery life is good. I typically leave 3G off most of the day and flip it on as-needed. This gives me 3-4 days of use before recharging. If you leave the 3G on and use it regularly, you'll need to charge it at least once a day.Footprint: I think the phone is an ideal size. Slips in my pocket unnoticed and doesn't drag down clothing, but still comfortable enough for reading.3G: not the fastest...browsing online pages will be a test of patience...but wifi is great.Internal memory: lacking.Camera: just ok. Flash provides inconsistent results. I do like how you can immediately edit/crop then upload/email/text.Apps: basically function correctly. Facebook tends to stop connecting to the internet and I'm forced to reboot. Manually force stopping FB app doesn't correct the problem. It would be nice to be able to force stop all apps at once, maybe there is a way, but I haven't found it...so you have to either force stop each app or reboot.Build quality: light, but everything is tight adequately strong. I have dropped it a few times and it is still going strong.

Excellent product. Has better benchtop specs than most phones.On a side note, Easy to root and super easy to enable the WiFi tether. I would definitely recommend it.

I bought this phone and pretty much had starting having issues with it in the first few hours I had received it. I've bought virgin mobile phones in the past and have been a with them for years. There's a reason why they discontinue phone, this one for sure the phone turns on and off by it's self. I could text and get on the net play games. I couldn't ever get the phone to make a phone call always dropping the call or hanging up 3 minutes in the conversation. Maybe it was just the phone but awful. Would not buy!

Exactly what we were wanting. Works great! Great money spent! I think I am going to get my son one of these as well.

I picked this phone (as well as a few more) up on Black Friday for the $20 offer price.I had no intention of using the phone with Virgin, only as a small portable wifi device that could slip into my pocket.I did not have any real expectations for this phone but had previously owned a ZTE F102 candy bar style phone that was very reasonably priced ($22), reliable and well made.The build quality of the ZTE Awe is very acceptable, sure, it's not a premium quality phone but you will not be looking at some obviously cheap Chinese low quality product. It's very nicely put together and does not feel cheap or budget priced in my hands, of course YMMV depending on your expectations and comparisons.The battery life is very good and I run a number of WiFi based calling applications for communication, including MagicJack, Skype & Viber.Viber is good for messaging on this phone but for some unknown reason, I cannot get the audio functions to work for calls.Skype is generally good but I find that incoming calls usually drop then I have to call the party back, which, is usually successful. Video calls work very well indeed with a good Wifi signal too.I've found that since Microsoft took over Skype, the program is a bit less reliable on the Android platform than it used to be.I tend to run older versions of Skype as a result, with better consistency but there are still various quirks.I'm not necessarlily blaming the ZTE Awe for these problems, as I can get similar results on other Android devices.The camera function is fine for taking candid snaps but don't expect too much from it. It even comes with a separate dedicated camera button but I have to say I don't use this nearly as much as I thought I might.If you decide to purchase this ZTE Awe to use only as a wifi calling device, you will be constantly nagged to activate the phone each time it is powered up. You can turn this off by choosing Airplane mode in the settings. Don't forget to turn Airplane mode off again if you want to use GPS functions, as it won't lock on to any satellites.I've been using MapFactor: GPS Navigation as a free offline application. I can't say I'm particularly impressed with the program but it does function without a data connection, which can be very handy indeed if you are in a bit of a jam!I've also used this phone as a remote webcam over the home network and it produced very acceptable images for keeping an eye on the neighbourhood.For $20, I couldn't expect more to be honest, if there was one thing that would have made this phone even better, that would have been if it was a GSM model phone that could be used overseas.

I got this phone to replace my optimus elite on Virgin Mobile.  To start with, it is allowed on the grandfathered $25 plan, which makes this a great option for anyone who isn't in Sprint WiMax or LTE territory (this phone is 3g-only).  I've only had it a few days (will update the review as needed), but I couldn't be more impressed.  It is fast, large but not enormous (4 inch display), and is easily rootable.I wish I had gotten a few more as backups and Christmas gifts.I haven't had it long enough to get a good handle on battery life, but I hope to add a few notes on that soon.update 1: I agree with a reviewer below; the camera is average.  Other than that, I am more than pleased so,far!

This is a great phone!  My teenaged son needed a phone from this millennium and this more than exceeded his expectations!  I didn't even tell him what a great price it was, along with Virginmobile I am saving tons!  I want one too!

the phone took over 24 hours to charge, and once charged, had trouble starting up and would try multiple times; for no reason it would shut down randomly. Don't know if this was just a lemon or if others have had problems with this phone, but I did not reorder.

I bought this phone because it said that I could  purchase minutes, and when I activated the phone, the person whom I was talking to advise me that they no longer had the plan that I was interested  in, and this meant that I will have to pay a monthly rate, which is not what  I wanted.  I advised the person that this was false advertising, and if they no longer had the plan that I wanted, then hey should not advertise it.  I told them that I would not be using the virgin mobile phone and that I will buy another phone where I can purchase minutes without a monthly charge.

I bought this phone at Christmas for my Dad and he loves it. I helped him set up some apps on it and was impressed.

It was a good phone and all but I kept on rebooting at least twice a day:( I do not recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good phone.

I just got back from a deployment and bought my wife and myself one. We both love this phone.  I don't see why others pay so much for phones. This phone is great!

Nice sized screen, the sound on this thing is surprisingly good, I can listen to Pandora while in the shower without attaching speakers. Thus far this phone has been great I wish they had put the hole for the charger in a different spot on the left side of the phone is an odd spot, top or bottom would make more sense. I feel like this phone was a good decision and I would recommend it to people.

I only had it a coupl of days but it is wonderful and much better than the Kyrocera Rise.

Wonderful! Stylish, thin, large smooth screen. Easy to set up and use. Quality camera (although I haven't figured out how to take the pause off yet) fast internet speed and audio.

Great value for the price and it arrived earlier than I had anticipated. The phone works perfectly.  I will definitely search on Amazom for products that I want to purchase in the future because the free shipping was fantastic.  The price was the same as Wallmarts price but Amazon offered free shipping and Walmart did not for that price so now I will search Amazon as first choice for gadgets I might need in the future.

it is working just like I hoped it would. I have had no problems with it.  great buy for the price

Well, there's other issues with this phone, too. However, the complete lack of mobile data speed (or ANY connectivity at times) was a HUGE problem. I tried every app/hack to try to fix this and nothing helped. It's not exaggerating to compare this to the worst dial-up you can imagine.And I'm not in an area where this is an issue. My older VM Android is a bottom feeder, yet when I switched back to it, I was amazed at how much it blows this out of the water for 3G speeds.There are only a few other reviews I've seen here and other places that back me up on this, so there may just be a few with defective hardware out there. That said, I wanted to caution anyone thinking of purchasing this.As suggested in the title, there were things I liked about it. It looks decent, is the perfect size for my taste, and has ample internal storage. The battery was also an issue for me, though, and at times it would just restart on me for no reason.So, buyer beware...

The phone works great. I'm happy with it and for the price it was a steal. I've had two virgin mobile smart phones and this by far is the best one. The only drawback is the battery life. I use social media for a few hours and the battery is almost dead and needs to be recharged, but besides that I couldn't be happier with it.

I  was in need of a phone and wanted to replace my LG Optimus Elite phone. The Awe ZTE N800 phone is the perfect combination of all qualities that I liked in  LG Optimus V phone and the Optimus Elite with  additional features that the newer higher priced phones provide, but at a cheaper price. I had my eye on this phone after seeing YouTube reviews and reading about its capabilities. I was willing to by it at  full price, however I was blessed to buy  this phone for $20 on Black Friday from Target.It has a front facing camera and back camera both of which work very well. I am able to move apps and download directly to my micro SD card . This was something that I couldn't do on my Optimus Elite. I can also watch movies which is a feature that my Optimus V couldn't which is why I say that it provides me with the features of my previous phones and offers more. Apps and music download quicker since  it has a 1.2 GHz processor. Since it runs on the Android 4.1 Jelly Bean platform ,I am able to use apps that were not compatible with my old phone. The Awe ZTE is the perfect phone to upgrade from the two phones that I mentioned before without breaking the bank.I love the size of the phone, it is not humongous nor is it too small.  The battery life lasts longer than my previous phones and I use it the same way. It also chargers fairly quick.I was surprised by the quality and features of this phone  for its list price. I totally recommend this phone to anyone who needs a smartphone , It is the best one that I have owned. The only con is that it is hard to find a case for this phone in an actual store so if you buy one ,don't forget to buy a case online too. That is a minor setback to a great product. I never heard of the company that makes it but I certainly do now. Please don't hesitate to buy this phone, you will not regret it.

My brother got me an HTC Wildfire S as a Christmas present last year.  It was 7 months old at the time.  I was upgrading from a Kyocera loft so I was moving into the world of touchscreen smart phones.The first thing that irked me about the Wildfire S was the lack of storage for apps (only 156 mbs of space).  That's it.  So I purchased a 16 GB mini sd card, but many apps cannot be transferred onto it.  Also, the HTC had a ton of things that could not be uninstalled which came with the phone, most notably, twitter.  When the battery stopped lasting for even a half a day with moderate use, I needed an upgrade.Went through black Friday without buying a phone and then somehow I fell upon the ZTE Awe on Amazon.  I checked the specs and they were heads and tails better than the HTC.  I purchased the phone from a second hand seller, brand-new, for only  $52 total with shipping included.I've been playing with the phone for the past few hours and it is extremely easy to navigate.  Apps can be added and removed with the greatest of ease and with about 2 GB of space for apps, I'll never run out of room.  The screen is a perfect 4 inches which is an upgrade from my old 3.2" screen, but not too big that it feels uncomfortable in your pocket.The speakers are very loud for the phone.  I played some youtube videos and some music and had to turn the volume down since it was too loud.UPDATE:The battery is very good.  I used the phone heavily throughout the day and still was at about 50% when I recharged it before bed.There is one downside.  The camera, albeit 5mp which is pretty good, doesn't take great pictures.  If you don't hold the camera perfectly still it will be blurry.  If someone is walking by, they will be blurry.The 3G is fast.  With ZERO bars, the 3G kicked in and did everything I needed to do.  Grant it, I live in Columbus, Ohio, so it's a major city, but the fact is the 3G worked fine.If you're like me and just want a fast, responsive, easy to use phone with plenty of storage space for a lot of fun apps, then get this phone.  The dual-core processor makes it run remarkably effortlessly.I'm not sure why it's so inexpensive, but I don't think I'll need an upgrade any time soon.

I am one of those grandfathered VM $25 a month users. When I moved back home I decided to change from Verizon and give VM a try and I haven't looked back. I purchased the LG Optimus V and it was a great phone when I purchased it but like most electronics a few years down the line and it's getting too slow for the current technology. I went looking for a new phone and luckily VM had this phone on sale cheaper than Amazon. It seems some got the phone as cheap as $20 on Black Friday at Target. I can't say I got it that low, but I got a great price and it's gone up since I purchased at VM plus I got it delivered for free to my door in a few days. In my mind the extra money was worth not having to drive to Target, find parking and wait in line.Anyway back to the phone. I have never used ZTE before and I must say I am impressed. I put in an 8GB mini SD card into it. I loaded on over 300 MP3s onto the SD card via USB and when I played them the speaker on the phone wowed me. Usually the speakers on these small electronics don't produce much of a sound. The phone also had no problem automatically finding the MP3s in the folder I named Music on the SD card (I used the phone to erase the card when I first inserted it as I figured this would leave the card clean and formatted). I have Norton 360 so I am able to load a mobile version on to the phone. I did a scan and with the app downloads, MP3s, etc. it took under 40 seconds. Pretty speedy. Since I am still on 3G network it appears I get to keep my $25 a month plan. I was considering purchasing a LG that was 3G and 4G capable also on sale, but I wasn't sure if I would keep my $25 a month fee and after reading the description except for the 4G capability this ZTE phone was fairly similar and was less than half the cost. Of course, not as fast as 4G for loading web pages, but a big improvement over my old phone.The phone is slim and lightweight, but the screen is comfortable. People seem to think it's somewhat flimsy, but I have a feeling it stand up fairly well and I plan to get a case and screen protector for it so unless it takes a fall on some rocks it should be fine. I haven't used the 5MP camera and video. I'm sure it takes a fair picture, but I don't expect it will be up to iPhone standards. I don't use my phone much for those purposes anyway. The phone was easy to use and I had no problems setting it up or figuring out how to use it. I loaded as many of the downloaded apps, pictures, and music on to the SD card as possible and there is still room on the card so everything is running smoothly and these days many are using the cloud or streaming live off the Internet so there isn't need for tons of storage for many users.And now for the annoyances, which are minor ones so far. When I restart or turn off the power and start up (like to do that when there is an update to downloaded software) the sound level from the "welcome screen" is quite loud and annoying. There does not appear to be a way to adjust this except by turning off the sound. I'm used to being able to press any button to bring up the lock screen, but on the ZTE Awe only the power button on the top of the phone will bring up the lock screen. Typically the phones these days come crammed with so many apps taking up precious memory. And some of the apps I do use such as the calculator weren't to my liking so I downloaded a different one. The phone gives you the option to disable some of the apps which I did and so far I haven't had any problems, but of course they are still on the phone. Battery life on any phone is an issue. The more you keep the screen on, etc. the more you drain power, but it's adequate and I can plug the phone in the car charger to keep it going. If you're into heavy duty games I doubt this phone will do it for you. I don't play games on my phone so it's not a problem for me.This phone is a winner and given what I paid for it I had to give it 5 stars for value. In a few years I will no doubt have to replace it and bite the bullet for a more expensive plan so I am very satisfied I didn't have to pay hundreds of dollars that will essentially be down the drain and I get to keep my $25 a month plan which also more than makes up for the little extra I paid for the phone over the $20 others paid at Target. I got this fabulous Christmas present for myself and I'm so happy I did. It's a Merry Christmas for me indeed!

i am a dropper. I drop ,my phone all the time. Its funny how i dropped this phone more than a 100 times and there is probally one scratch.

This phone is pretty nice from a look and feel standpoint.  It is thinish, feels good in the hand and responds well.Four weeks after purchase the phone began to drop the mobile network connection every 10 seconds and then reconnect.  It would do this and play a chime until it died.  My return window for Amazon was 30 days so I had to go through the RMA process.  Once you can find the contact information for the warranty you get connected to a call center in India.  The phone prompt scripts are technically in English but sometimes so badly written you have no idea what the prompt wants you to do.  Once you make it through to support their first answer is always the same: "Contact the mobile service provider to fix the phone".  I have a 'pay as you go' contract with Virgin which at the time I had stopped paying for as ....well I had no working phone.  Needless to say - IF you can get through to a support person for Virgin they have no interest in helping you with a broken phone that you did not buy from them when you are no longer even paying for their service (I certainly can't blame them).On the plus side when I got my result from Virgin Mobile I called back ZTE support and relatively easily got an RMA from the rep with instructions on how to mail the phone to a repair center in Texas.  Shipping to the vendor cost me $16 bucks.  The repair was accomplished quickly (about a week) and they shipped it back to me in the same packaging I sent them with no note, invoice or anything.  I assumed they fixed it? as I was able to reactivate it and and three days later it seems to still be working.SO...nice phone, pretty cheap, if it breaks you are in for a world of hurt.

The bottom line is that this is inexpensive phone with excellent ergonomics, screen, sound, and connectivity. The  battery life is slightly short, for people that use 3G continuously throughout the day. If you keep 3G and GPS turned off most of the time, the battery will last a whole day. I was able to keep my $25/month plan by swapping phone online.I got it retail new from Ebay for $50. I think someone planned out this phone really well because everything in it works flawlessly.It's the perfect size for one hand operation, yet large enough to make browsing internet and reading on it feasible.Its screen has natural colors with natural (cool) white, unlike some phones with yellow/gray white.At 100% screen brightness, I can read the screen comfortably in daylight outside.The calls, ringer, and notifications are loud and clear.The speaker on the back is loud enough with sufficient bass to hear a Netflix movie.I was blown away by the sound quality on headphones - feels like a high class Dolby sound system.The WiFi speed on this phone is 5 times faster than my previous phone Kyocera Rise, on the same home network.The 3G speed tests were the same for both phones but with the Awe I am able to stream radio on 3G at places where I couldn't with the Kyocera so connectivity seems much improved with the Awe.The GPS on Awe connects significantly faster than the Kyocera, very important for getting directions with Google Maps.The camera takes acceptable pics indoors in low light, with the timer ON to prevent blurring the pic from camera shake, although the pixels are a little smeared upon zooming in. Of course don't expect the same quality as a dedicated camera. If you activate "Smile Detection", you can trigger the camera shutter by smiling at the camera. Later the pic can be very efficiently tuned/corrected in the Photos app.Useful apps for everybody:- Opera for web browsing with nice reflow of the text for the smaller screen- Notification Toggle puts toggles directly in notification bar for WiFi, 3G,  3G usage, GPS, battery, screen brightness etc.In Chicago metro, I get 3G download speeds of below 0.5 Mbps at places with bad coverage, and between 1.0-1.6 Mbps at open spaces with good coverage. This is not bad for streaming internet radio and web browsing but will exhaust your allowance of 2.5 GB "fast" speed download rather quickly if you watch too many videos.Inside my apartment I get 3G download speed of about 0.3 Mbps and streaming a Nextflix video accumulates 220 MB/hour.  The allowance of 2.5 GB translates to 11 hours of Netflix streaming. Streaming internet radio (with Energy Radio app) on 3G around Chicago is 60 MB/hour so it's much more feasible.The ZTE Awe battery of 1650 mAh is a little short for power users like me.When streaming Netflix video over 3G at my place, with screen at 25% brightness, the battery lasts 4.5 hours.If I stream Netflix or internet video over WiFi, with screen at 25% brightness, the battery lasts 6-7 hours.When I stream Energy Radio on 3G around Chicago metro, the battery lasts 6 hours.The battery will last even shorter if you leave the GPS on.I wish the battery was 2500 or even 3000 mAh so I could use 3G heavily all day long.I wonder if there are such OEM batteries that would fit that phone ...

This is a great phone but examine look over carefully because i have had 7 &5power button almost would not work as for the rest of the phone grate would recommend over other cheep or less know phone brands like Huawei or acutel or Kyocera camera good I've seen worst like Kyocera rise or event this phone has a great speakerphone very loud and phone has cool sound effects surround sound 3d strong microphone pic up no drop calls some problems other's have reported are because radio interference poor signal or two meny apps working in background or a bad apps incompatible with phone with this phone you git big bang for your bucks as for the 5 i had those manufacturing mistakes you can get a good one don't give up you don't have to pay the over priced prices in the market for major name brand to get arreliable phone so if buy this phone buy from Amazon or Walmart not virgin mobile thy only give you 14 day's to decide or notice defective products buy this phone ya hear ps has a dual core and you don't have to root to use both cores and dose let you move everything that made to move to sd i know i move lot's and removed sd thy disappeared proof dose move to sd has 4gb ram and,1gb rom lot's features I'll let you to discover buy ya hear God bless pray this helps ps some people expect miracles or are to picky unplease abale buy won't regret

bought three of these phones one works without issue so far -- one drains all the power at random times heating the battery to near untouchable --the last shuts off during the first ring of incoming call randomly,powers down reboots repeats an infinite number of times till you remove the batter, as well as the heating battery draining thing above..

I lost my phone and turned to amazon for a cheep replacement I have come to like my new ZTE awe better then my other phone it came in the original package.

The first one I ordered was not stable. It ran into random reboot and reboot loops every day since I activate it. So I returned it and got another one. The 2nd one turns out to be very stable and smooth to use. It has been running smoothly for more than a week without a single reboot.Overall a nice budget phone if you lower your expectation for it. The apps I need are all running smoothly. Its battery can hold at least one day in normal use, which is OK but not great.
