
Being the first time to buy abroad, online and TDC had many questions and concerns, but turned out to be good and rewarding experience. I could buy a good cell phone, here are expensive. SHOPEBEST announcement proves true, it is released (unlocked) internationally (because here in Venezuela I can use it without any problem) is white and is 8Gb, excellent operating system, camera, applications and fast. Although I have to narrow, since I got it a few weeks ago, me happened because a couple of times off and if you press the power button does not light (I have to remove and replace the battery again) but otherwise no complaints and visually SAMSUNG GALAXY MINI GT-i9195 S4 turns out to be attractive. He sent by SHOPEBEST and Amazon was quick, I'm good without objection, without details and with all that specific in its box.

I just came back from Europe and phone was working absolutely great!I had My Touch before  other phone was slow no reaction to commends, this one is fast and smooth.

good day, I do buy 2 mobile galxy S4 Mini factory unlocked but when I receive the phones are requesting an unlock code and the box has a label that says they are for use in europe your ad on amazon says that are unlocked are paying almost $ 800 for them so I ask my cellphone unlocked I hope you can resolve the situation extremely grateful and really disappointed by the poor service

This is an excellent product! All features are great! The relation of price/performance was real! The graphics and apps are great

EXCELLENT UNLOOKED.

I like it

the product was in perfect conditions. it came in a box, its new and works good. it has all the things described and comes with the useful things you need in a phone. (headphones, charger, etc)

Let me just say I am loving this phone, I have only had it for 2 weeks and I am learning something new everyday. I really liked my Galaxy s3 mini too, but Straight Talk now has 4g LTE in my area and I wanted a phone that also had 4g. This is a great little phone, it is a little bit taller and a little narrower than the s3 mini, but when I put it in the case I can't really tell. It does seem a little faster than my s3 mini. I have gotten two days out of the battery, but I am not a heavy phone user. I play a few games like bejeweled, a little bit of texting, checking email, as an alarm clock and making phone calls. I very rarely use it to surf the web or watch videos. I am probably not the most techy person, but I have to say for my purposes this is a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone who does not want a huge phone, but still likes to have the quality of one.  It did come unlocked and sealed, although like someone else it looked to have been opened and then resealed with an official seal. My guess is that SHOPBEST opened it to put in the plug adapter in it, so I could use it in the US without an issue. This is an inter national phone so the plug comes as a 220v and you need to put a converter on it for 110v. This is the mini version not the regular version. I knew all that coming in so be prepared if you don't read the product description to be surprised.

Love it...is smaller than the S4...looks the same as the S4 but in a smaller package. Perfect for someone with small hands..its the sizes of an iPhone. ..

the cell phone IS NOT UNLOCKED.I CAN NOT USE IT.I AM GOING TO PAY  FOR UNLOCKE THE CELL PHONE IN MY COUNTRY.I REQUEST YOU A REFUND OF PART OF THE PAID.

I have only had this phone for 1 month in a half and it does not charge anymore completely s-off and now I have no phone. I spent $300.00 on this phone and now I have nothing except a credit card bill. The gallery on this phone never worked ether when I tried to look at pics it would freeze. Why would a company cell a broken phone and by the way it took me hours to program it as well. This phone is junk and not even samsung warranties this phone OMG!!!!!!!

the phone takes 6:30 hours getting charged and just the phone was samsung. Box was black with android logo, the batery is not samsung neither the chargers

all excellent as indicated by advertising, the inconvenience was that they sent such a model does not like me Orange 100%

The phone is  too small. I didn't know it was the mini galaxy 4....can I return it and get the bigger galaxy 4?

From SHOPEBEST - I received a different version clearly marked & indicated everywhere: FOR USE IN THE MIDDLE EAST ONLY WITH ONLY MIDDLE EAST COUNTRIES LISTED & the product has a label on the box stating if used outside the MIDDLE EAST, THE PRODUCT WARRANTY & GUARANTEE IS VOID!The instructions were in MIDDLE EASTERN!

WiFi antenna indicator do not show the proper strength compare to a laptop in the same place, it shows half signal strends

-came on timebut it is not working properly. I this last week, I put my sim card. then try to download some things that I need but when I click the Play store It couldn't open loading loading.........phone is stocks all the time and giving error then it is responding like stops working.Maybe I got bad phone I don't know.My I phone 4s was so good. I knew that right know I phone is much better than Samsung galaxy

It has everything that it said on the description. Good quality, fast deliver, excellent packaging. And the best of all was the price.

I bought this phone as a factory unlocked international version cellphone to be use in Venezuela but when I receive the product I couldn't use it because it wasn't unlocked. I'm still trying to find some one here in Venezuela to unlock this phone. Also it doesn't have spanish in the languages you can select and it supposed to be an international version.

Excelentes!!!

Received this item 1 day ago. I made the required settings but I have one huge problem since then.It always losts connectivity (saying "network is not available" or "authentication error") even the device is next to the wireless station and all the other phones, tablets, PCs are connecting without any problem to the router.I started searching on the internet if anybody has the same problem and unfortunately a found a lot of forums with the same problem. This phone does not connect to wireless (so it cannot be used as a smartphone) and Samsung doesn't really care about this.

The phone came locked i have ti pay extra cash for unlocked it make me spend time and money bad bad

I asked for  an unlocked pone, unfortunately I recived a locked one . I can't use it because I need the code. can you give me de code  please. thank you.

venezuela.

am unable to hold calls and some other things like conference call. I will like if I can change it to S4.

Good one... Just what i was expecting.. And good at services.. Totally Recommended... And works with Digitel, movistar y movilnet at venezuela

The phone came very fast (despite the fact that the rest of my order has yet to even ship) and was as advertised. The box was sealed and it sure looks new. The only initial drawback is that the manual is in Hungarian. Also, it came with a European charger, but there was also an adapter and it all works so no complaints here. I was able to put an AT&T MicroSIM into the phone and it works great. Next big test will be to put a foreign SIM into it to see if it still works. The main reason for purchasing the phone is to be able to use it in both America and the UK/Ireland so that will be the true test. Overall, very happy with the purchase. Great size, great price, and I'm not having any problems connecting to a network.

The device arrived the same day than other products despite the extra $$$ for the two day shipping. It was late if we consider that was expected after two labor days. It was a waste to have two shipping days...The device itself is great. I had the old vibrant S4G from t-mobile but just broke its screen. This G4Smini is just a little bit bigger but best replacement. I do not like the super sized S4. The model is the GT-I9195 from somewhere in europe (france?). It comes with a brochure from the mobile company Orange. After charged, I turned it on and asked me the preferred language, data for account logins and internet. Created some accounts as well and finally was up and running fine. The charger has a plug useful in some countries in europe and many other countries in latam etc. The seller included an adapter for the US connector. The box itself appeared unopened with its seal intact, but a more careful look showed that the seal was on top of a previously broken seal. Both seems to be official but who knows how hard can be to make a sticker with the words "samsung" on it... The device had plenty of plastics protecting all the sides and corners so it looks "enough" new to me.The cons:- horrible boot screen. No idea how to replace it without rooting the phone.- many not needed applications you cannot uninstall unless rooting the device (as most smartphones).- it uses microSIM cards... No idea why since it has plenty of space for the regular SIM cards. I had to buy a cutter to trim my old SIM.- the device comes with android 4.2.2. I was expecting something more recent. At least 4.3, or an update. But no....- its price feels way too high for a device with only 8GB of internal memory (already shared with OS and the several updates to its original apps).I recommend the product but knowing in advance its details.EDIT: Be aware that as with previous model, Samsung messed it up. Firmware 4.2.2 "allows" to move apps to SD to free internal memory space. But it is not true... all it does is to say it did it, but it only moves the apps to a sort of partition or folder "./emulate/0" on the same INTERNAL MEMORY!!!! Checked many forum and this issue is reported since S III, but is still not solved by Samsung.Some stated that firmware 4.3 may solve it but my Kies still says 4.2.2 is the latest firmware.This is a HUGE fault on this device. My previous S4G Vibrant, really moved the apps to the SD as most android devices. It is one of the plus over iPhones. But this one, more modern and very expensive device just fakes it. Do not get confused by Samsung Support FAQ stating this is only due to developpers of some apps not using SD compatibility, because no one app was in fact moved to the SD card. All went to the emulated area inside the internal memory despite stating the app was moved to SD. I even checked my SD card on linux to see all hidden forldes and NADA. No one app was moved there, not even a folder was created to do so. Google this issue and you will find many forums showing this problem.I do not like when manufacturers LIE and sellers do nothing to inform their customers about what the product really is. This bug is known since long time and the seller should know the products they sell. When I press move to SD, and it says it did it, I expect to find it on the SD card. Too much to ask?My internal memory is getting full by just having built-in apps auto-updated.I am overseas now. Otherwise I would ask for a full refund.No, I do not recommend this product until Samsung offers a firmware update that solves this issue.

Excellent cellphone and seller. Thanks

Initial review: Just got the phone and the play store wouldn't open, can't download samsung app store and I'm wondering if I got a broken phone. How can this problem be solved? It's not a smart phone if you can't upload basic apps!Updated review: I went and Google the problem for help and I found a solution that worked and I can now use my "play app store" but still waiting for my "samsung apps" to download (coming slowww). With that said, I've decided to change my ratings to 4stars b'cos I shouldn't have to go through that stress in the first place.Nevertheless, it's a really good phone. I love it!

The phone is a nice size and easy to handle. It has many useful applications. the only drawback is that many of them spend a lot of battery and it does not tell much, disable some battery to last all day

This phone is really good, is one of the best I've seen, 1.5GB of RAM give you the freedom necessary but really is a phone for people with small hands, but all women.Este telefono es realmente bueno, es uno de los mejores que he visto, 1.5GB de RAM le dan la soltura necesaria, pero de verdad es un telefono para personas con manos peque&ntilde;as, mas que todo para mujeres.

Excelent phone!!!

Hi, My name es Isai From venezuela. I use movistar here, and the phone have been working good till today. I recommend all to you, buy it with confident.

I really like this cell...it's perfect for me!! It's smaller than the normal Sansung S4 and thats what I most like about it!

I mean I'm completely satisfied.Sorry I do not speak very good English.The phone came to me in the scheduled date.You are the max ..!Right now I'm using my phone.

excelente lo recomiendo

I got my Samsung galaxy s4 mini in December of 2013 and I was so excited. It was great no issues super fast and handy. I was loving my phone. Well I still do.  As of July 2014 my beloved phone started giving problems. The phone would come one but the screen is black. I cannot see anything. I hear messages come in; beccause I would hear the sound see the lights; but I cannot see the home screen. Let's just hope I got a faulty phone. But be careful it might just be a problem with these new phones. But I still would by another Samsung phone. I just love the brand.

Excelente!

I really like this phone. Its a big step up from my previous phone (google nexus-s), so of course it will be a huge improvement. Looks great, its fast, the screen feels and looks awesome, and its a very capable phone. I love &#34;dragging and dropping&#34; music and movies on to this phone with ease, unlike some other &#34;fruity&#34; phones. I purchased a Samsung EVO 32gb micro SD card along with this for about $20, and they work great together. The phone is a little light and definitely needs to be put in a good case immediately to protect the screen and beauty.I rated this OVERALL experience 4 stars - not because of the phone, but because of the ad in general. I know I could have done some better research, which I usually do, but I think it needs to be made clear that in the USA this phone is not compatible with most 4g/LTE networks. I am using Tmobile and the voice/text work excellent, but for my data connection I fluctuate from EDGE (2g) most the time, to HSPA+ in &#34;TOWN&#34;. I live on the big island of Hawaii, so that probably has a lot to do with it, because I know in some major cities such as Honolulu, LA, Seattle, etc...people using this phone are getting HSPA+ consistently. I called ATT to check the compatibility of this phone and apparently you can get 4g with it.All in all, this is a killer phone - comes brand new and sealed in the box with all paperwork and accessories. It is European so it comes with the european wall type outlet plugs, with an adapter for US plugs. And the shipping was very fast at around 3 business days (I paid extra shipping costs). I just wanted to let people know to do their research and check the compatibility with their cell phone carrier. I personally am not some kind of &#34;power user&#34; - so being in 2g sometimes doesnt bother me. But I know there are people out there who have to be in 4g conditions 100% of the time, and if you are one of those people - I would reconsider buying this international model and get one straight from your carrier or samsung.

I recently bought this phone to replace a Samsung Impression.  I knew I wanted a smartphone but this one has exceeded my expectations. I especially love the more compact size.  I really wanted the Galaxy S4 due to the specs, but the size was way tooo big.  I was very happy to find this phone.  Note: the phone sent to me was the Italian version.  The manual and adapter were Italian.  I just bought an additional charger.  For the reduced price that I paid, no biggie. The phone will still charge if plugged into your computer.

Excelent purchase, arrived on time and accomplished all my expectations, works perfectly I didn't have a problem any problem with my area network.

My husband got this phone for me for my birthday.  I love it!  This phone has so many capabilities and features, I am still exploring them.  You can even watch live TV on this phone!  I have T Mobile service and it works beautifully with this service.  It has fast connection to the Internet so I can access all my favorite websites, including Amazon.  I recommend this phone for anyone who needs a fast phone with multiple features.

Excellent cellphone!

Perfect I'm really happy with the devices but the only thing is that they arrived without English or Spanish owners manual. so I'd like to you send me the manual in English or even in spanish. thanks.

It does not operate in (4G) LTE in the ATT Network. Many foreign apps not applicable for the US. Otherwise the unit operates OK

Perfect. I'm using it overseas with a local carrier and works very good.

I have bought this phone as an unlocked phone but when powering on it is asking me a code to unlocked it!!! I went to a carrier provider and they said there is nothing they can do so I need  the code to unlock it!!!Is there anyone who can help me?

it was a perfect size and it works really good!im just only confused if why is it the manual has no english translation.and it was made in vietnam.my cousins has a samsung fon but she got that fon at AT&T it was a different unit but it has and english translation and it was made in china.i've doubt if its your fon are not a copy one or not a product of samsung company.thats why its cheaper.becoz like an iphone.in the philippines theres an original one which made in china but theres also a copy iphone which made in korea which is cheaper.

I waiting buy this pone so long and I don't regret,  it's just perfect like the description I don't wait so long and came in perfect condition. I recommended 100%

Got this phone for my wife and she loves it.  Good features, easy to learn how to use, good sized screen but not so big that it feels like you're carrying a tablet in your pocket, and super light weight.  Problem is the battery.  She's had the phone about 2 months and I just had to order a new battery for her.  The lifespan is bad.  Even with no programs/apps running the phone will die in a few hours (or less if she's using it a lot).  A new phone shouldn't die that quickly.  Once she had it plugged into her computer and it died while charging.  WTF?  Plus, the phone gets super hot when it's charging.  Could just be a fluke battery issue for this particular phone but it's a bummer to have to buy a new battery on a phone that is practically brand new.

The price was right, the phone works great most of the time.  But the instructions came in French and I had to go to phone store to get help with phone set up.  AT&T won't support it, but was lucky to find an independent willing to work with me.  I had the language changed to English, but I still have some commands and prompts in French.  AT&T phone support refused to help at all when they caught that it was an 'international' model.

The product is fine but not unlocked sent him as I asked. and brought me many problems. I have not been able to use it.I Recommend the product. not recommend the seller

This is the best phone ever: easy to use, fast, and it looks good. I had no problems with it. Everything described came with a sealed box and once I turned it on, after connecting to wifi, I could navigate on the Internet. I also didn't have any problems with the simcard. It's unlocked. The pnly reason I bought this one was the size because I think Samsung phones are too big. Even though this is a &#34;mini,&#34; still it is quite big. Well, according to Samsung standars, it is pretty small but in comparison to other smartphones, it is still big. No complaints, though. I'm totally lovin' it!
