
I have had my LG G2 for about a month now and have enjoyed it. I changed from an iphone 3 so the speed of the G2 is exceptional compared to what I was used to. The buttons in the back were not a problem to adjust to and have quickly become normal to me. Double clicking on the screen to lock the screen works well, but double clicking to unlock seems to work only when the screen has not been locked for a while. Unlocking the screen by tapping the power button is convenient. Good quality screen and definition. Colors are great. I have not had any problem reading the screen in any light conditions. Overall the phone is very intuitive and I have not run into any problems setting it up or operating under normal condition. Phone handles both gmail and att email well. It is quick to connect on line. Internet search times and download times are comparable to my laptop. Works well with my wi-fi. I would recommend the G2 since I have not encounter any problems with it so far. It appears comparable to the better smartphones available today.

Excellent battery lifeBrilliant screenCamera is superbThis is the best smart phone I have ever used to date.I would like to see the next one have stereo speakers and a metal housing.Also note all the US carriers have hardware disabled the FM receiver, :(

This phone was priced nicely on Amazon and I am so happy I found it. It works well and so far I have no complaints.

I did not want to join the &#34;iPhone army&#34;, and wasn't sure if I wanted a Window's phone.  After much debate, I decided on this phone and I couldn't be happier.  I love my G2.

The pros to the G2 are a great battery life and a big screen.  The rear button placement takes some getting used to but once you do it is fine.  The camera is also really fast and takes nice pictures.  Phone calls sound are clear and speakerphone gets pretty loud.  One downside is that the antennas are placed at the bottom of the phone and not at the top.  This means if you hold the phone at the bottom you loose a little signal strength or if don't hold it at the bottom the phone becomes awkward to hold.  All in all, one of the best smartphones out there.

I love this phone.  I love the fact thta it gives you two profiles with diefferent passwords i havvve small kids that like to play games in my phone and i can personalize what u want them to have access to

For what it's worth, I love everything about this phone.  The knock-on screen (double tap the screen when it's locked to turn on the display, and double tap on the status bar (or the background of the LG launcher) to lock the screen, the back buttons (you really do get used to them, though the first couple of days you ponder your own existence, and everything else LG has to offer.That being said, this phone would jump leaps and bounds over all other phones on the market if the back plate was removable (i.e. able to change the battery on your own or buy a replacement one!) and supported MicroSD cards.  Other than that, this phone is WELL worth the money.

This phone is beautiful,fast,and didd I say beautiful. All the reviews say the switches in the back-- on/off, volume up/down are in the wrong place, well after having EVERY phone on the side this is a much better place to put it. It is ergonomically in line with your hand that makes it so much nicer. Try it you'll like it. Oh and the phone is so beautiful

I just upgraded my iphone 4 to lg g2 after my 2-year AT&T; family plan contract.I chose this phone because of the positive review videos on youtube, and by noticing its popularity by reading the materials on many Chinese IT websites. I felt tired of the lack of innovation in Apple products and wished to change to something new to me.After 48 hours of using this phone, I personally already feel like switching back to Apple. I learnt that I am not a fan of Android. Apple simply makes software simpler to use and easy to enjoy. Maybe I have not yet got used to the Android environment yet. This is a big problem for me using any Android phones, not the problem just for LG G2.Also, LG G2 is a little large for me since I got so used to the slim iPhone.We'll see if I can like Android more in the future, since I remember it also took me some time to get used to iOS (Android looks cool and has many users so I may also like it). For previous iOS users, trust me, the switch from iOS to Android can be real tough.This phone has several problems as I see it:1. I am a serious photographer and I think the photos I took from this phone are not as impressive as I thought they'd be. I think this phone's camera is on par with the one on iPhone 5, with advantage for low light shooting.2. The plastic body really collects a lot of your fingerprints which makes it look ugly.3. Back button design needs users some time to get used to.4. The battery is not good to hold a whole day.One flaw does not obscure the splendor of the jade. This phone really has some good features that worth the 5 star I rated.1. The screen looks beautiful and huge while the phone is not incredibly large. Ideal for surfing and watching videos online.2. The CPU and GPU makes this phone as powerful as a desktop computer. It could be very useful in near future when hardware-demanding apps come out.That's all I can say for the phone right now. I think this phone would be less competitive than Sony Xperia Z1, which has the same CPU, a better camera, and waterproof features, yet due to obvious reasons I prefer this phone to Japanese products.Hope this review be useful to you all, and wish all you enjoy shopping your phone!

I'm in love with this phone. I was tired of my iPhone and wanted something new. This phone is great!

I think the Lg g2 is probably the best phone of 2013 that nobody has ever heard of. Its blazing fast, and tops the charts in benchmarks. We don't live with benchmarks, so why should you get the G2? First is the battery life. It has a large 3000mah battery. Even with heavy use, it best any other phone I've ever used. The screen is huge and still in a body that you can still plausibly use one handed. My note I always felt like I was juggling to use it one handed. It also has a optically stabilized camrea, that is really a must have feature on any new phone. Its probably the best camera on android right now.The LG UI is a little strange in places, but it is one of the most configurable stock launchers I have ever used. Don't like something like the qslide apps? You can get rid of them. I alwasy felt like Samsung's touchwiz UI was getting in my way, but I'm pretty happy so far. I haven't even bother with Nova launcher yet, and I have the prime version.The buttons on the back? I'm kinda 'meh' about them, but you get used to it. Its better with a case as it recesses them a bit. I rarely used the physical buttons though. The knock on/off feature is what I use on the device the vast majority of the time.

I chose this phone after deciding to switch to AT&T from Sprint. It is an excellent overall phone with an awesome, bright, clear screen that is large but simultaneously does not make the phone seem huge. I love the &#34;knock on&#34; feature which allows me to turn on the phone without touching any buttons. Additionally it has a feature that detects when you are looking at the phone so that it will not go to sleep while you are reading, etc. It is very fast and I have no complaints so far. AT&T's service is leaps and bounds better than Sprint's in my area which also makes it much easier to enjoy this great phone.

I bought this phone thinking I could use the HD1080p video capabilities for my YouTube videos.It turns out there is a KNOWN bug with autofocus when taking videos - the picture &#34;pumps/breathes&#34;as the camera continually tries to refocus on a subject (me playing my drums) from a stationary tripod!!!COMPLETELY UNNACCEPTABLE and ANNOYING!  I found a video on YouTube showing this same problem from a few months back.I wish I would have seen it then - I would have NEVER purchased the phone. I spoke with customer service at LG todayand they haven't got a clue if this is being worked on or will ever be fixed.  MAJOR FAIL!!!

Ill Keep it short and sweet!The phone itself rocks thin big screen and fast!The LG OS is simple and easy to use, just wish it didnt have so much ATT bloat. most of it is stuff that google already provides better!The Battery is excellent, i am a Realtor in Miami and its rare NOT see me with phone to my ear, with that said. talking surfing email. all day and when i get home 50% battery. Battery charges quick too, but then again its never fully dead.:)ATT Service: Here in Miami I am definetly a fan of ATT now, iv used them all before. But ATT  I have never dropped a call never not been able to find a signal. WOW is all i can say!!!

The LG G2 is the best phone I have bought in years.. even better than my iPhone 5. Love the user interface and all the apps I had on my iPhone, I have on my G2. Love he larger screen. Still learning the ins and outs of the phone but glad I bought it.I just wish AT&T; would get it upgraded to KitKat (Andriod 4.4)  Also had a bit of a challenge finding a good case for it but did find on on Amazon.And the price of the phone at the time was1 cents for the upgrade when AT&T; wanted $49.99 for the upgrade. WOOT!

Once your phone cracks you cant use any part of the phone in that section. So once it cracks it never goes back I wouldn't recommend this phone to someone who is a klutz or has children.

I have been using the HTC One S and regretted buying it for months after doing my homework with the help from my  friend I decided to go with the LG G2 on December 10, 2013 at my local T-Mobile store where I was able to get the phone $0 down and paid just the tax on the day of getting the phone and being on a payment plan of $25 dollars a month. I love the phone and haven't regretted the purchase! The phone has phenomenal battery life with the help of Juicedefender Pro and  Qualcomm Snapdragon Battery Guru because as everyone knows this phone has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 Processor use Wikipedia and look up LG G2 so you can see what makes this phone a must have. I give it 20 stars!!!!!! I am an LG fan for life and will continue getting LG!

I chose this phone for the .01 price tag, added it to my att account, but now that I have it?  So worth it.  I'm nearly ALWAYS on my phone, and after 10 hours, I'm still dealing with more than half of the battery charge.  The interface is smooth, clean, easily adjusted, and very fun.  This is a solidly constructed phone, and very easily used.  People should know this phone's value.  No, it's not a samsung, a moto, or an HTC.  I have had them all.  I have this now...and it's worth it.

This is a phone that will be lasting me for along time! Just amazing on how fast it is and to see how phones have come! I mean it will download an app in like 10 to 45 secs on at&t; lte service! And it's not unlocked it has to be with at&t; only! But here is another awesome gaming phone also if you like games on your phone this phone is for you! Would highley recomend this phone for any one  who is wanting a high end smart phone and gaming phone this is for you!!!!! The battery life could be a little better but to me who cares it will last a day or longer depending on use! Also another note if you already have a sim card and this phone requires a micro sim it comes with it and you already have one just insert into the phone and poof the phone is working and it will not fry the sim card!Again I would highley recomend this phone for any one!!! A+++++ on LG's part

Had this now for 2 weeks. Getting comfortable with using it, have it configured to work for me.Fantastic screen, software quickly becomes intuitive.The knock to unlock works great. Apps open and run fast. ATT 4G LTE is fast in this area.Tried the Q-slide, not going to use it. Some reviews were critical of the software, but I think it's just different.Screen is great for reading books with the kindle app.Still getting familiar with the camera, so far some great photos and videos.I have no problem with the buttons on the back, but I don't think it's better, just different.Overall, I think this is a phone that is fun to use and think it is an excellent alternative to the Samsung phones.

make my choice to go with lg ... it was a good decisionProbattery life, resolution, speed( never really lag), knock on thing work 90% of the timeconsfinger print magnet, the phone software are kinda boring

So a little background on me.  I typically switch phones monthly, amongst all the high end smart phones. I like to try different ones, and have had every high end Samsung phone, GS2, GS3, GS4, Note 2, etc. and also the HTC one, LG Optimus G pro, Nexus 4 etc. also, all my house TVs are Samsung smart Tv's and I often like to project my phone videos and pics onto the 55" TV in the den. (much like Samsung phones)I use a galaxy note 8.0 tablet for car and home etc.I typically switch phones b/c I don't believe there was one phone that had exactly what I want...although each had "some" good stuff to add.Now, I believe that a phone is a computer..with phone abilities. I'm not alone in this. I'm NOT the guy who says all phones nowadays work fine, and there is no need for improvement or speed increases. I run 2 companies, have a child, and have a hobby competing in dance events on weekends. I often use my camera for video, pics, and watch videos on my phone. I am not a gamer kid. I rely on my phone to be fast, effective, and the software should make it easy for me to operate a business and be dependable with the ability to jot things down quickly, send emails and share stuff often. And I should be able to communicate...AND NOT RUN OUT OF BATTERY too soon.So, here goes my take on the G2. (I'm on Tmobile)I have used the G2 for about 4 weeks now. I try out almost every feature and see if it's useful for my purposes. I consider it a better phone than the Galaxy S4, and by preference better than the HTC One. I do consider the HTC one to be an amazing phone of all my choices. Great job HTC.Screen:The screen size is huge relative to the size of the phone itself. I think all phones should be this way. I felt like we should be carrying almost all screen without the extra bulk...and the G2 finally provided that. The extra border is useless to me, and just makes for a bigger device in my pocket and hand, with unusable area. The screen is beautiful. Daylight viewing is much better than all other phones accept the HTC One. I can see this thing clearly in very bright outdoor situations, I can't say that about Samsung GS4. The screen is a pleasurable experience. 5.2 inches doesn't bother me. I'm average size. I could have been just as happy with 5" with no border. Either works. I will say that the Official quick window case makes me like the phone 10x more. The case is super thin, but adds function and protection. The china knockoff cases are too thick for me.I feel that 5" and 5.2" are acceptable screen sizes. I was happy with the HTC One (4.7") but watching videos were just too small for my taste.BRIGHT WHITES: I prefer this. And LG hits it right. I enjoy that part of apple devices actually. Clean and bright. LG has that for me.Build Quality:I give it a 10/10 for a plastic phone. Super sturdy and feels solid in the hand. No creeks and cracks like the cheap Galaxy S4. Samsung gave plastic phones a bad name. LG makes it's plastic phones with quality feel. Now, I do not care for the plastic material in terms of being a little slippery. I use the quickwindow case, but wish they would have used a Nexus material for the back cover. Not a deal breaker, but a wish. Not a huge issue for me.Speakers:Not so good. Do the job, but not the best. This is the one area they could have made better, but I assume they ran out of money and had to pick which options mean the most to consumers. Me, I always use Bluetooth (LG HBS730) and don't use the speakers much. I used the HTC one speakers, on occasion, and found they were nice, but not worth the extra " in height to the phone. My preference. I wouldn't want them the extra height.Phone quality:Phone works great. Bluetooth works great. No issues with hearing people with our without Bluetooth. Speaker calls are acceptable when needed.Quick Charging:This phone charges ridiculously fast. They don't tout this feature near enough. I can be at 15%, and plug it in for 20 minutes, and be at 40% with the LG 2A charger (or any 2 amp charger including my car charger). WOW. Now THAT IS a USEFUL feature! A 3,000mAh battery plus quick charging. Much better than HTC and Samsung I used.Battery life:Best of any phone I have used. With a full 1080p screen, and never using "battery saver" this phone has a great battery life. A full 4+ hours better than the GS4, and ridiculously longer than the HTC One. I sync 4 email accounts every 15 minutes and listen to music throughout the day.Lag:No lag. Very quick. Much like the HTC One (which I consider the HTC phone to be very nice in that area)Buttons on the back of the phone:LG placed the buttons (volume and Power) on the back of the phone. They said its more natural than the standard way with buttons on the side: My take? BRILLIANT. It's very nice to not have ANY buttons on the side of the phone, and my grip on the fold is much better holding it the way they recommend. It won't slip out of my hand AT ALL. Very good feature. I hope they keep it with all their future phones. I use the Knock on feature mostly, so I rarely use the back buttons but this was a good move IMHO. If Samsung or Apple would have done this, people would consider it brilliant. It is a good habit and functional.Knock on feature:Great feature. No need for a power button. Works great for me. One secret is when the phone is on, and in an app etc, just tap at the top area twice near the notification bar, to turn it off. (sometimes in an app a double tap activates the app stuff). This alleviates that in that situation.A worthy feature worth keeping. I find myself trying to do that with my Samsung galaxy note 8.0 tablet.LED Light:Love it, works great. Glad they included it for notifications when phone is off. I use it often.Camera:I won't go into a lot of detail here, but I think it's the best camera I have used. Optical image stabilization is a great feature, and the rest of the features are similar to Samsung in terms of modes. I'll let the camera review blogs cover this. I like it and consider it premium. Pics and video are truly amazing on this screen.USB OTG:I like the ability to plug a flash drive into the phone and have access to it to move files or watch movies or whatever. Every phone should have these drivers in their software. And most high end androids do. Apple doesn't. Cables are $3 on Amazon. Use it for business and transferring files quickly.Software:I have used phone software extensively from everyone accept Sony. HTC, Samsung and Nexus etc.Here is my take on using the software for business and pleasure. I like it. Thoroughly.Here is why.Quickmemo: works great. For both screen saves etc. I actually use it a lot. I never really used the Samsung "memo" feature. I prefer Quickmemo being in the notification bar with wifi, Bluetooth etc. I turn it on when I am on the phone and need to jot something down. It quickly saves to my notebook and I'm happy (similar to galaxy note 2,3 notebook without the pen). HTC doesn't have this option for business, and Samsung is lacking (maybe not the note 3 I don't know)VUtalk:Meh. I guess in the rare occasion I had someone with an LG phone I was chatting with, it may be useful. Can't say I use it. It's whatever.Browser:I like the browser viewing experience when on the web. I consider it nice like the HTC One...which I considered the best. Smooth transitions, quick, and not jagged or laggy. Almost up to par with Apple in smoothness. Now, I am a big fan of "whiter whites" and this is where I think the LG shines (along with the HTC One). My one problem with the Galaxy S4, was dingy whites. It bugs me...although I like Samsungs darker blacks. My eyeballs need a bright white like Apple's.Keyboard:On par with HTC One, much better than the GS4 in terms of accuracy (for me anyway). I don't need swiftkey or swype anymore and I get to keep the numbers above the keypad.Basically I like the software adds. The stuff I don't use, I turn off. i appreciate the fact that when I get a text, it shows up in its own little window over any screen I am on. Very non intruding, yet lets me answer texts right then. Works the same when you get phone calls. VERY NICE feature.I appreciate the option to add themes from the stock launcher. (see OG pro themes for freebies on XDA)I also appreciate that I can change the app draw icon size to large. Very nice feature other phones do not have.Lastly, I am amazed and saddened at how the price of this phone has dropped so soon. It's still an amazing phone and I consider the best (note 3 as well)...but without the marketing hype, people don't buy it as much. Which is silly to me.That's it for now, will update when I have time and think of other useful things.

it works perfectly, fast smooth efficient with a great software. Buy it its better than the Samsung S4. the only con is the speakers arnt loud enough.

Because the item was just too thin and did not protect the screen when set down up-side down; too thin

I replaced my HTC Sensation with the LG G2. I expected faster, but by comparison, this screams.Essentially, the software is the same. That is, the apps I use. I still use Facebook, Skype, Netflix and the rest. What's significantly different is how quickly they perform, the battery time (oh my!), and the speakers.SpeedThe whole device reboots fast, and each app seems to have no real delay when opening.BatteryYou'll read all sorts of math supporting how long the battery lasts. I must admit I don't understand most of it. I do understand the truth of it, and that is it lasts forever. Maybe not that long. I am no longer afraid that if I go out without my cord, my phone will die. No more plugging in whenever I sit down at a meeting.SpeakersI didn't buy it for this feature. I am happy, though, they improved it. It sounds great, and it is louder without that tinny sound that sometimes comes from small speakers.Overall, I am pleased. The screen is large yet the device is manageable in my hand. The on/off button in the back will take some more getting used to, but it makes sense. I fully recommend the LG G2 smartphone.Anthony Trendlamericanspeechwriter.com

I could not do without my G2.  I UPGRADED FROM AN LGsmartphone and would find it very hard to move to some other manufacturer.  I sell on ebay and find that snapping a shot on the phone can be quickly downloaded without any cords.  Wow!  the battery life for me is 3-4 days.  the pics are super clear.  The apps work very, very well.  I am sure there is much more for me to learn such as qslide

I really like this phone, way better than my wife's iPhone and my old iPhone. The processor is so much faster, and the screen is much bigger. The OS makes it way more customizable. Never had an issue with how it operates. The technology is sound. The newer battery tech seems to be working well. Sometimes I burn through it in 2 days, sometimes in one. Using it very conservatively I can make it 3 days.The only issue I have is the power button on the back. The volume buttons back there are cool and work well. To turn it on and off, you can double tap the screen. That works great, UNLESS you are using an app. You have to close the app to the home screen, then double tap. With the power button on the back the problem is that you have to pick up the phone and find the button to turn it off if you don't want to shut down the app. Or you just leave the phone on until it turns itself off. I prefer to conserve battery life by turning off the screen when not in use, so it may not be an issue for you. When I bought this, I was considering the iPhone 5S or Galaxy S4. This blows them away in every category except accessories. No problem finding them on Amazon, but you won't find cases in the discount brick and mortar stores.

This phone is awesome. Before I bought the phone I scurried around the web trying to find and make a decision about if the buttons being on the back was going to ruin the experience. I found more positive feedback than negative so I took a leap and I was not disappointed. I am extremely satisfied with this phone and am happy to have the next couple years with it.

Pros:Speed - New phones won't be getting that much faster until the operating systems require it.  I'm not going to upgrade mine, it runs that good on what its running.Battery - Unhead of for me coming from an LG thrill.  I charge this thing about every 2-3 days.  I've only ran it down to under 10% 1 time.  My thrill i could kill in under a day.Features - Big screen, press hold screen for built in task manager to kill apps and the camera takes great pics.Cons:Its an LG.  If you are a big fan of getting the latest and greats android updates, google has the the same phone for 250.  Buy that one.  this phone will probably get an upgrade if google does something revolutionary.  Otherwise, the way it runs, i don't see LG spending much time on it.  Its plenty fast.  LG is more about bringing new products to the market than limping their old ones along.

Had it only for 2 weeks, and I'm really loving it. It's got a decent battery and it charges pretty quick. I really like the double tap to turn on/off the screen feature. It makes life so easy. UI and LG built-in apps are pretty good and useful too. Overall, I'm very impressed with it.

UPDATE:Very pleased about the timely upgrade to Android KitKat. Not many changes, except that the carrierIQ-induced battery drain is fixed -unfortunately, carrierIQ is still lurking there. Battery life may be even a little better than before, the only limitation is the 5 or 6 hours of screen time. Without worrying about keeping it charged, I'm confident that the phone will be ready when needed.Pity that such a good phone does not have the marketing clout of Apple, Samsung or Google behind. I'm doing my bit to spread the word. For a very good detailed review check gsmarena.comGetting the obvious out of the way: the screen is gorgeous and the device is very, very fast.The design and finish is modern and elegant. The fit is perfect, and the white model looks striking because the bezel becomes a thin line -at least, that is my impression. White does not show fingerprints either. I wish the phone was a little smaller. The snobs that don't like the plastic back may prefer the aluminum iPhone, that scratches the minute you look at it, or the matte Moto X, which looks like a Chinese toy.The lack of SD-card was disappointing, but  since the device has more memory than others I made peace with that limitation. Besides, like most Android phones you can connect an external USB stick if you really need a lot of data at hand -say a few movies for a long trip.The buttons on the back are an excellent idea. You can grab the phone firmly without worry that you press a button and the back buttons can be reached without adjusting the grip.KnockOn works, very well. I find myself tapping my tablet to wake it up -and frustrated when it does not work. By the way, double tap to wake is a Nokia innovation -credit where it is due.The user interface I would not call ugly, but uninspired. Very little effort has been put into polishing the details, and some touches are just tacky -like the carousel in the home window . On the other hand you can customize a lot of those details.One addition I love is the QuickMemo, a simple notepad. I have added it to the front touch buttons so that I never have to scurry looking for note paper. The IR remote comes handy sometimes, although the distance to the TV is limited. Among the other gimmicks and features I did not find significant innovations.Leaving the battery life for last. I'm not disappointed, because the phone easily lasts for the day. But I'm not impressed either, because the device still needs charging every night. To give you an idea: while browsing the internet over LTE I see battery drain of 15% of 20% per hour. Playing an HD movie consumes about 12% per hour. Overall it will handle a few hours of active use.This is a really, really good smartphone. Kudos to LG for paying attention to the features that matter. Seeing the  new phones for 2014 it seems we have reached peak smartphone. The LG could give service for a long time.

Love my phone. After having an iphone for all these years it takes a little bit to get used to but once you get it. You will love it. Love the big screen

OK, I don't usually write reviews, but I think this warrants one.Before purchasing the G2, I had used the Samsung Galaxy 1 (yes, the first generation one) for TWO YEARS, and although the screen eventually looked like a spider web, it worked just fine up until the day my G2 arrived and I retired the S1. I'm not the kind of person who needs the latest model phone each time it comes out; all I ask of a phone is that it does what it advertises and doesn't crap out in my day-to-day moderate use.About three days into using the G2 I ran into my first problem -- the battery was draining overnight, even when I went to sleep on a full charge. This aside, I regretted buying the phone for a few other reasons -- the home button being ridiculously close to the space bar, so that while texting I was constantly hitting the home button and closing the message (and I do have quite small hands); when you start using the phone for the first time you are bombarded by "tips" that are accompanied by an "OK I GOT IT" box that you must check to make it not pop up again; the "double tap to bring up home screen" only works if you tap the top 1/3 of the screen; when you bring up the home screen, it more than occasionally takes 4-5 tries before it STAYS ON and doesn't time out again in a half second; the front-facing camera is grainy; a variety of counter-intuitive features; and the apps that are relevant to the device's information (battery, data use, etc) HAVE SO, SO MANY GRAMMATICAL ERRORS! Come on, what is that?!I decided to deal with it until the phone rapidly degraded over the next couple weeks and I no longer was able to hear or be heard during calls. So, figuring it was defective, I sent it back to Amazon and was promptly given a new phone.About a month goes by with me regretting my decision and using this mediocre phone, when one day it falls out of my pocket, lightly bounces off my boot and falls onto the asphalt floor. I put it back in my pocket and go to work. When I try to use it later on, I notice it isn't responding to my touch. I'm thinking, "WTF?!" and ask a coworker about it."Have you tried turning it off and on again?" (haha)"I can't, it wont let me. The battery is not removable either.""Did you get it wet?""No!""Did you drop it?""Kind of, I mean, it really didn't land very hard...""Oh look, there is a crack.""Wha? Where?"There, at the bottom, is (literally) a HAIRLINE crack running across the very bottom of the phone, which extends about 1mm onto the screen from the black outline at the bottom, just above the LG logo. And to be clear, this is the first time the phone has been dropped onto a hard surface. A couple times it did fall from my bed to the carpeted floor 2 feet below, but I highly doubt any damage was sustained during those falls.I brought it to a repair shop, and was told that the crack had irreparably damaged the LCD, so I would have to replace that along with the glass... for $200. Even if I found the parts myself and had them installed free of charge, it would cost me around $140. Super awesome.I'm not getting it repaired. I've ordered an HTC phone instead, using a family member's upgrade.But hey, the screen was beautiful up until it didn't work anymore.TL;DR:First G2 I purchased was entirely defective, but whatever, Amazon replaced itKeyboard/button placement inconvenientBuggy timeout "double tap" featureComes with Engrish (look it up on UrbanDictionary) grammar installedAnnoying "tips" on startupFront-facinf camera very lackingFeatures are numerous and mehLCD and glass cracked with ONE LIGHT DROPScreen lovely up until then!

Really like it

In 2013 alone I've owned the iPhone 5, HTC One, and Samsung Galaxy S4.  The LG G2 is my latest acquisition and it is by far and away the best.  The highlights are:- Amazing battery life: the longest of any phone I've ever had. My wife's lasts her a full 2 days before she needs a charge. Check out the battery life review of this phone on AnandTech.- Gorgeous screen.  Walk into a store and check out the pre-installed videos.  Seeing is believing.- The stunning visual quality of the pictures.  After seeing the shots, my photography friends want to ditch their iPhones for the LG G2.The only down side is that LG does NOT include headphones with this device.  The fact that LG ships a flagship premium phone without headphones is embarrassing in this day and age.  I ended up purchasing the LG headset off of eBay and while it has great audio quality, the button section is very bulky.  For someone who uses their phone as an MP3 player, this all was very disappointing.Overall, this is the best phone I've owned.  I got one for my wife, and I am recommending this phone to every friend and family member who is on the market.

I've had this phone for roughly 3 weeks.  The hardware is fantastic.  The software has 2 issues I've encountered that render the device unusable and should be addressed by LG.The good:Gorgeous screen that views well in sunlight, and as other reviewers have said its the largest I've seen in the non-Phablet category.The battery life out of the box is unbelievable.  I went to bed after a heavy days use with 30%+ life remaining.  This was fairly consistent for the first 2 weeks.The camera takes gorgeous shots in daylight and is solid in indoor, lighted settings.  Low light still produces camera shake, even with the optical image stabilization. Likely not a surprise for most.I found the included q-slide apps are useful and enable decent multi-tasking for note taking, calculator, etc. while on calls.The rear mounted power button feels incredibly natural.  I was worried at first, but adjusted immediately to the button placement and find it to be an enhancement over the usual side placement.The build quality is solid, yet very light weight for a phone this size.The bad:Out of the box, the phone would not connect to my home WiFi. I called customer support for both AT&T; and LG. Both suggested I factory reset the phone.  I ignored them.  You will find other mentions of this issue on the internet.  I found one user who stated he updated his router's firmware and that solved the issue. I tried that and it worked.Oddly, the wifi also did not work on 2 public hotspots i tried nor at my inlaws home.  After i updated my firmware, i found that the phone's wifi now worked at my inlaws.  I did not have time to test it on public hotspots again, but will try that and report back.Another reviewer commented that the stock Android email app became corrupt and required a factory reset.  I now have the same issue.  I cannot delete the corrupted accounts and of course the stock app cannot be deleted.  Worse, the Email app now drains >30% of my battery life in a day.Another reviewer commented on the Android 4.2.2 build having a separate battery drain flaw.  Well, around the same time the email app became corrupt, the Android System process/app became my 2nd top battery drainer.Together, these 2 processes/apps now account for 50-60% of my battery use. By 1pm, i need to recharge or the phone dies. I have not rooted my phone and have roughly 115 apps installed, about half of which or more were AT&T;/Google/LG applications. I will likely have to hard reset the phone & reinstall everything to address the issue.LG support on the wifi issue was lackluster.  Their troubleshooting steps were incredibly basic and i had the feeling i was speaking with a retailer with no knowledge of the phone v. the OEM who made the device.  The rep quickly came to a "factory reset" solution, which would not at all have solved my Wifi issue.  I have yet to call on the corrupt email & Android System battery drain.  I'm sure another "reset the device" suggestion is in my future, which i will unfortunately have to do this time.You can read another user's post here: [...] You can also read one fix to a similar issue on another phone here: [...] The referenced fix was linked to a battery drain issue with the 4.2.2 Android build on another phone. I noted that one of the processes/packages in the "Android System" app is Location Services, which was the root cause for the noted issue on xda-developers.com.  In particular, enabling Wifi for location support.  I diabled that setting to see if it solves the Android System battery issue overall.  We'll see.  First i have to charge the phone :-)Net, would i recommend the phone?  Depends:If you are prepared to root it, yes.If you are ok dealing with potentially resetting the phone and are comfortable with potentially needing to flash firmware on your home router or don't need wifi, yes (fairly easy to do a firmware flash on a router, btw).If you like a seamless experience, good customer support, are coming from an iPhone and are wondering what firmware is, then no.  I would wait until LG releases patches and/or upgrades the G2 to the 4.3 version of Jelly Bean.Good luck!

In 2013 alone I've owned the iPhone 5, HTC One, and Samsung Galaxy S4.  The LG G2 is my latest acquisition and it is by far and away the best.  The highlights are:- Amazing battery life: the longest of any phone I've ever had. My wife's lasts her a full 2 days before she needs a charge. Check out the battery life review of this phone on AnandTech.- Gorgeous screen.  Walk into a store and check out the pre-installed videos.  Seeing is believing.- The stunning visual quality of the pictures.  After seeing the shots, my photography friends want to ditch their iPhones for the LG G2.The only down side is that LG does NOT include headphones with this device.  The fact that LG ships a flagship premium phone without headphones is embarrassing in this day and age.  I ended up purchasing the LG headset off of eBay and while it has great audio quality, the button section is very bulky.  For someone who uses their phone as an MP3 player, this all was very disappointing.Overall, this is the best phone I've owned.  I got one for my wife, and I am recommending this phone to every friend and family member who is on the market.

Having written a similar review for Verizon phone, I wish to share my thoughts on the ATT phone.1. The screen -- The screen is amazing. But there is one point I think a lot of people miss or don't know about. Have you ever walked into a best buy or a verizon wireless store and looked at an S3, thats suffered from screen burn? If not go ahead and head on over to Youtube and take a look searching: "Amoled screen burn." Or even "galaxy s4 screen burn" The technology that samsung and Motorola are using for their phones over the last few years is AMOLED display. Dont get me wrong, it looks great. Excellent colors, great for multimedia purposes, etc. But my problem is that after several months ALL AMOLED displays will get a burn in. It usually happens with items that are stagnant on the screen for hours on end....like that nice black bar at the top of the phone. This black bar may be transparent on the s4 with the newest version of touch wiz, but open up any app and unless your using next browswer there it is.Try this: Anyone who has a galaxy phone or any phone thats an AMOLED display try downloading "screen burn in tool" app on google play. Turn up your screen brightness to around 60-90%. Open the application and go to the the sold blue screen. On the top where the notification bar is, you may very likely notice a nice bar where the status bar usually is. This happens on ALL amoled displays after several weeks or months depending on brightness adjustments etc so its a totally normal thing and okay, right? I don't think so either.  I dont care if a tablet or screen can fold on itself, or pops out of some scroling machine. Its unacceptable for screen burn to occur just from leaving something on the screen for too long. Ive read horror stories on this. But not just read seen. My mother owns a galaxy nexus. Shes had it since May 2013. I downloaded the screen burn ap from the app store and sure enough, right on the top of the screen was a darker area where the status bar is. In the worst case scenerios, people will end up with ghosted icons showing while there web browsing on white pages. Like the icons of the app drawer (the white box to access all the apps from the menue screen. I downloaded next browswer and go launcher prevent this. But guess what I didnt have?: peace of mindThe LG G3 is a completely different story. Its a pure BEAUTIFUL LCD display that will never burn in. Ive compared the phones side by side. It looks just as pleasing to the eye as the galaxy s4. LCD is a proven technology that's been around for years but with this particular on, that same punchy contrast that AMOLED displays have. You really cant tell a difference. Both look incredibly sharp.Camera Dont get me wrong: The galaxy s4 has an amazing camera. Especially outdoors, I've taken some great shots. But this beats it when it comes to contrast. Its slightly higher and just plain better. And you STILL have the speak to shoot modes like the S4 does say cheese or LG or a number of other commands while in camera mode: Boom. Picture snapped. It's that easy. Tons of options. Once you get this phone you will be able to see for yourself. My hope for LG is that they will continue here on out with camera improvements. One of the key features that many have loved about the iphones are their ability to capture good quality photos. Cell phones have in these times become one of the most popular means to take photos and videos. Why carry around a camera and a phone when the phone can be both? This is why I hope that LG can continue to improve in this area. This phone demonstrates that they have the ability to do really well at it and even surpass samsungs flagship phone. But my thought is: Why not bring something even more new to the phone market...that daring risk of a bigger lens and a bigger sensor. Up to this point all the cameras Ive seen on cell phones have been tiny. Even the s4. It looks big, but its actually tiny. If their lense was as big as the glass part on that phone was imagine how great the images would look especially for motion blur in the evening hours...It would also prevent higher ISO levels on cloudy days. For sample photos of camera feel free to visit my photobucket link. There on the right and side of the page you can download and preview the full size photo of the camera out of box set to 13 mp. [...]The tap to turn off screen feature: Love it! Ive played around with it quite a bit. Like the reviewer with the other video, I have also found that three quick taps instead of two works better. I havent yet had any issue with three. It's a really handy feature to have. No fussing around with any buttons or anything.Back button: MY one and Only complaint with this phone is the back button. And not because I dont like the location on the back. I really like that actually. And Ive never had a problem with it getting bumped. But why LG, did you put the volume up button right next to the camera lens? Here on ATT this is at least acceptable because it raises the camera lens from being on a flat surface. Verizons model is a bit more flat, though even with that one I havent had an issue with it bumping....but the volume up is right under the lens. So you reach to turn it up and you have to be cautious. Having the middle budge up a bit is helpful as it not only keeps oen from bumping the power button, but also provides protection for the camera lens itself. But still, to help keep fingers from hitting that lens, I think LG should keep the back idea going but make it so that volume rocker isnt right under the camera itself.  So on this particular issue, you do have to be careful so as to avoid finger prints on your lens. Once you know where the buttons are its not that bad but still have to be careful in this regard.Battery. Good luck finding another phone with this large of a display that can contend with this one. They have reported that this phone can stay in standby 29 days! 29 days!!! In regular use for most people its about 1 1/2-2 days off standby and in regular use. Its one of the highest out there...and that's despite all the eye candy that the interface has to offer. Which brings me to my next point:Interface: Ive already touched on this in the intro. But I would just like to add that I have never seen a phone where the unlock screen twists or magnifies the whole screen while unlocking. Its just as good if not better than samsungs swipe to unlock animations. It just looks amazing. Try them out. The other last thing I will add about interface is that you can have multiple home screen transitions other than the "regular one" mentioned. Again there default one is causosal, which I am not the biggest fan of. But just look through them: Accordian and many others are on there much like the well beloved google ap, golaucher has on it and nothing with the interface causes the phone to slow down. Ill say that again: There is a ton of eye candy on this device. transition effects, swipe to unlock effects etc. None of this slows down this phone due to its processors.Menu Adjustments: I love this part. Love it! Like Go Launcher, LG has incorporated an easier way than samsung to add apps. Just hold down your finger on any blank area of the home screen for 2-3 seconds. It comes up with three tabs1. APPS2. WIDGETS3. WALLPAPERSo easy. Just go to the apps tab and click on all the apps you want to add them to your home screen. If anything this makes things extremly simple. I think what it comes down to is that people are used to something and change is sometimes hard. Everyone is used to, and has based their android experience in recent times on samsungs touchwiz. This feautre cant be found on touch wiz and isnt complicated. Its just new. And better than having to add things from inside the app menu screen as you do on most android devices.Multitasking: By multitasking, I am referring to the equivalent of seeing multiple things on the screen at once. I have no complaints. I really like samsungs incorporation of the multiscreen. This phone allows you to do the same, while at the same time allowing more than two, and allowing them to be adjusted in transparency. You could have a wrtten note in teh forground, and still see the web behind it. It also feels layered like multiple windows being opened as it would in windows 7. I like the fact that you can make windows as big or as small as you want, and can drag them around the screen. Nice feature....speaking of drag...Did you know that you can resize widgets? Add the google search bar and dont want it to take up 2/3 the screen. Not a problem. Just hold down the widget and resize it.Feel: I love the feel of the iphone 5 It fits right on the palm of the hand. If I had to pick a phone for feel, it would still be that one. I will freely admit, this IS a big phone. But surprisingly, even with the extra .2 inches, it feels the same as the s4, which to me felt similar to the s3..and I never had an issue with any of those phone in feel or comfort in pocket. Plus the trade off from that small i phone 5 is the amazing display: Movies and internet browsing are that much more enjoyable. its really not that bad. Its not a megaphone and shouldnt be labled as one with some of the monsters like the note 2 or 3. It can still fit it comfortably in your pocket and feel like a phone vs a phablet. You can grip it with one hand and still hold it comfortably.Random likes: I like the fact that the phone has a way to turn adjust the bottom menu buttons on the home screen. Ive never seen anything like this before. It's innovative. You can make it so the display menu buttons on the bottom of the screen is black or white. You can also adjust what they show. Little things like a button that allows you to bring down the notification panel without having to drag it down. No its not needed. but it allows the user flexibilty. Ive seen some reviews saying that the ability to have multiple options is actually confusing. Its not. Its really not. The phone is basic out of the box. The one thing that I could see being a bit complexing for those familiar with standard android and touchwiz interface is the screen transition. LG wanted to be uniqu in this regard. And I dont think carousal is bad per say....but most people are familiar with regular transitions...which again isnt that hard to change once you know how to do it.If there was three singular conclusions I would use to argue why one should purchase this phone over the Galaxy s4 its:1. Battery life -- It may not be removable but who care when you can get multiple days on it. If your in the car on a 15 hour trip most will likely have a car charger anyways. and it can easily get you through a whole day of use with enough to spare.2. Camera -- the pictures speak for themselves. They have less grey area and look less washed out then the galaxy s4...which already look amazing for a camera phone.3. NO SCREEN BURN RISKS! To me, that is the singular biggest reason to go with this phone over the s4) I apologize to you Samsung. I really like your products. You make great stuff....but until you can bring to the market phones that no longer have screen burn in issues after several weeks of months of use, I will avoid all of your phone, even if you come out with screens that can bend. What good is a bending screen if stagnant icons can get burned into them or the clock on the screen can get burned into it over time? A while back I bought a used note 2 on ebay. Returned it in great part because the screen had a burn in right on it day one out of the box. It wasnt a display model someone had owned the phone before me and for whatever reason must have left something on too long or kept the brightness high. In either case, there it was.Again anyone who wishes to see this only need type in youtube: "Galaxy s4 screen burn in" or Galaxy screen burn. A lot of them cant be fixed. They are permanent. If you own a galaxy and have had it for several months, try downloading the ap "screen burn-in tool" off google play. First turn brightness up to 50-60% and then open this ap. Tap until you reach the blue screen and look at the top near the notification bar. I didnt have it on my s4, but then I only kept it for a few weeks before selling it. May have taken a while to happen, especially with the care I took with it to ensure it was never set with brightness past half way, and had downloaded go launcher to keep that notifcation bar off the home screen. I also downloaded next browswer which had the option to turn it off the statue bar while web browsing. But after two weeks, I had had enough. No burn ins but also no peace of mind. Its like owning a plasma tv. Id rather play it safe and go with this one. Especially with the long battery life and good camera, there is piece of mind, without compromise to the camera or screen...You do sacrfice having a removable battery..but again, you have a ton more hours with this one....If your on a really long trip I could understand wanting removeable. But with car chargers these days the likely hood that you will have it disconected for more than 2 days is unlikely. Bottom line is that this is one of the best phone on planet earth right now for the price point. As much as I like the galaxy s4, I depart from samsung until they can get LCD back in there.  Having a bending screen is amazing, but it also means very little if that bending screen can also get a screen burn.

This phone is blazing fast, super thin and light.  Beautiful display, top tier screen and a pretty good audio output for my headphones.  Iphone and the galaxy have the marketing, but the LG G2 is a hidden GEM.  I went from a Galaxy Nexus 4.7&#34; to this phone and despite having a 5.2&#34; scren it isnt any bigger.  it might even be lighter, longer battery life, a lot more performance -- very impressed.

best phone I have ever used.arrived on time with no hassles. used the included simm card for att. works great

It's a monster device with powerful processor and long life battery. I've been using it since last 6 months and I'm fully satisfied with it.

Excellent phone, incredible battery life and pretty powerful. I haven't had any problems with it so far.

one of the best performing phones I've ever had I would recommend this phone to anyonehas a nice large screen for easy web browsing takes phenomenal picturesand is ultra slim nothing bad at all to say about this phone

Fantastic phone. The Knock to wake feature is the most handy extra on the phone. Plenty of power, very long battery life for a non-removable battery. It would have been nice if they included the wireless charging like the Verizon one but nothing is perfect.

Love it

most outstanding phone available on market....Features like double knock on, Vu talk, crazy battery life, 1080P IPS display with 426 ppi, inbuilt IR remote app which works with TV, Bluray players, DVD players, Apple TV, air conditioners etc... at such a low price. You cannot ask for more...Best phone I ever had....absolutely love it...

While all the positives of this phone are duly noted by others here, there are 1 major & 1 minor flaws with this phone.The minor issue is the volume / power button on back.While a nice feature, the natural position of index finger is on the back, OFF TO THE SIDE A BIT, not in the middle. But then if LG did this it would only satisfy people who hold phone with the left hand.And I sometimes found it hard to access power button that's located right between volume up/down.The double tap - on feature worked the first week.Then it took a double double tap sometimes. Who knows later ?The major issue I have with this phone, and the reason I returned it, is the 3 bottom screen "control" keys. Home, back, menu.On the G2 they put these buttons ON the screen/glass, not below, even though there is room.So in effect you have lost use of 10% of your screen because of this. On the home screen you can make them "see through", but that is not much help.  And on any app they block that part of the screen. I want to use this for GPS, but this issue, along with Google's buttons, takes away too much of the map.Had the 3 buttons been located below the screen I would have kept it and loved it.I want real estate on my phone screen, so I traded this for the LG Optimus G Pro.

Not the worse phone i have owned nor the best phone. It has some issues and I don't like the touch screen, but its ok.

I bought it when price was in triple digits, it was great value even then, and it is insane value now, with price below amazon free shipping threshold :)Switched after many years on iPhone (started with original iPhone 2g, ended with 4S). Tried HTC One briefly, then moved on to LG G2.First, most important things - signal reception and battery life. Battery life is great, with my typical usage (frequent, but light) it lasts me 2 days easily. If I switch it to 'dumbphone' mode - no data/sync/wifi - only-voice - it lasts a week or 2. Signal reception is almost as good as iPhone 4S (that one had amazing reception) and is much better than on HTC One.It is a fun powerful phone with a great screen size. Camera on it is OK, fine, really, although I preferred low-light capability of HTC One. Speaker is  passable, HTC One was much better. Screen (both size and colors) are much better than HTC One/iPhone.Double tap is not most reliable feature, but amazing feature nevertheless, use it all the time. Notification LED is great to have.Largest gripe is not phone specific but likely Android specific - bluetooth headphone integration is haphazard, buttons on them sometimes stop to work at all, and sometimes instead of pausing they start playing in completely different app.Stock music player likes to crash on some music files, and is the only player to utilize cool hi-fi 24-bit playing of the music. Not so useful after all, until other apps support this hi-fi mode.Have I mentioned it is great phone? :)

I love this phone.  Amazon delivered within 48hrs phone arrived with my previous number already ported.  Quad core processor, high capacity battery that's still ultra thin, and infrared blaster turns this phone into a true universal remote and it's 2/3 cheaper than a Galaxy Note 3.  No volume or power buttons on the sides is different, my fingers still look for them there but I'm happily adjusting.

Very good. Better than s4 by a mile. Must buy super phone. Faster more powerful than s4. Also awesome buttons on bottom.

Love it.

Great phone! Fast processor! Very sharp pics with a huge display screen. I love this phone!!! Too many features to name.

This is phone is slick, fast and has great screen. There are many new software features which make it easeir to use than ever. Battery life is 2x longer than other phones. Double tap is eay to use, and buttons on the back are not really needed.My concerns are phone is too slippery and in the first month I dropped it more times than prev Nexus4 phone in 1 year. Another problem is typing on LG keyboard produces too many typos and needs corrections, going to try Google keyboard...

I love my phone I have no problems with my phone there is no reason to hate this phone besides I don't like the camera but besides that it is amazing

I have one word for this phone....AMAZING!!....if it had more stars I would check them to!!!

The speakers cam damaged. Its an issue to seak on the phone unless im using a headset. Seller emailed me to solve the issue and the number just leads to a full voicemail box.

Pros and cons are here at the top for those too lazy to read the entire review.Pros:* Very fast* Large, beautiful screen* Software buttons instead of antiquated capacitive buttons* Looks good, feels natural in my hand* Great camera with optical image stabilizationCons:* Non-removable battery, even though the Korean version has one* No microSD slot, even though the Korean version has one* Edge-to-edge screen results in accidental screen touches* Buttons are on the back instead of on the side, which will take getting used to and makes it not rest flat when set on a table* No Qi wireless charging, even though the Verizon version has this* No physical camera shutter button like on the Xperia Z/Z1I was planning on buying the Sony Xperia Z1 off-contract in a few months, but someone stole my Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket, and my backup phone, a T-Mobile G2 (known internationally as the HTC Desire Z), was showing definite signs of its old age, so I went ahead and bought this on Black Friday.On a side note, LG picked a REALLY horrible name for this phone. While "LG G2" makes sense from the standpoint that this the successor to the LG Optimus G, there was already the T-Mobile G2 from several years ago, which makes "G2" very ambiguous as a name - if you do Google searches about this device, you will get results from the T-Mobile G2 which is a completely different phone.Best Buy had it for sale for $49.99, but they price-matched Amazon without any problems.The LG G2 has some fairly impressive specs. It has a 2.26 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 800 processor, the best on the market, and significantly faster than the Galaxy S IV. Plus, unlike the Galaxy S IV, the LG G2 doesn't have problems with catching on fire... Seriously, Google "Galaxy S IV catches fire", you'll find tons of cases of it. This phone also has a 13 megapixel camera with Optical Image Stabilization. What does this mean? Well, if you're like me, you have problems holding a phone still when taking a picture, resulting in blurry pictures. Optical Image Stabilization does some behind-the-scenes magic to basically hide this shaking from the sensor, presenting the sensor with a shake-free picture, resulting in blur-free pictures, and shake-free videos. Yes, it does work. Yes, it works well. This phone also has 32GB of internal storage, 2GB of RAM, a 5.2" 1080p IPS LCD screen, and a 3000mAh battery.First of all, this thing is FAST, as one should expect from the 2.26 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 800 inside of it. LG seems to have put this to use with their hilariously cheesy Android skin - when you unlock the screen, it throws magical sparkly pixie-dust particle effects all across the screen. Their software very obviously mimics Samsung's, likely for competition on their own home turf. There is no removable battery or microSD card slot to be found on this device, sadly - I had become accustomed to carrying around a spare battery for my Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket, but at least it's not as important here as it was there.While the Skyrocket has a mere 16GB of internal storage, and would drain through the stock battery in a matter of hours, and even drained TWO massive entire extended batteries in a single day, the LG G2 manages to (barely) go through a full day of even my extremely heavy usage on a single charge, and it has an ample 32GB of storage. That said, I would very much have liked LG to include a removable battery and a microSD slot on this phone, especially seeing as the Korean version not only includes both, but even includes a spare battery in the box.The LG G2 has a beautiful 5.2" 1080p IPS LCD screen. What does "IPS" mean? Well, it's a specific type of LCD screen, used in professional-grade monitors. You know how on most screens, if you view them at a weird angle the colors go all off and it looks bad? IPS, formally known as "In-Plane Switching", doesn't do that. Plus, IPS has a true 8bpp display, compared to the 6bpp of the cheaper, more common TN (Twisted Nematic) screens. Don't know what that means? Just know that IPS = better looking screen, with smoother gradients, better viewing angles, and better colors. While one might expect a massive device the size of the Galaxy Note to contain a screen this massive, instead LG managed to fit it into a device roughly the same size as the HTC One, a device which only has a 4.7" screen. LG did this by removing almost all of the bezel, and replacing the capacitive buttons that most Android devices still have with software buttons. What this means is instead of having a set of menu, home, back, and maybe search buttons, those buttons are on the screen. While this might seem like a weird thing to do at first, it is actually how Google has designed Android since version 3.0 (Honeycomb). This approach has several advantages. First off, the buttons can change based upon the context they are used in. Second, when you are doing something such as watching a movie, Android can hide them or make them less obtrusive, which basically increases the size of the screen when they are not used. And, if you touch over near where they would normally be, Android will show them again.While this large, edge-to-edge screen looks like a great idea, and will work great with some practice, I would personally prefer a larger border around the screen. I have found that I keep accidently pressing the screen when I am watching videos, plus my fingers get in the way of the screen when I hold it. However, I have found that it feels much more natural to type on the G2 compared to on my old Skyrocket.Speaking of buttons, perhaps the most notable thing about this device is the strange positioning of the volume and power buttons. On a cell phone, you would expect the power and volume buttons to be on the left or right sides of the phone, right? Well not on the LG G2. Instead they are... on the back. Below the camera. This is an unusual placement of these buttons, and LG obviously put a lot of thought into this placement, but it will take a lot of getting used to. I always seem to end up touching the screen when I try to press these buttons, but they aren't hard to press at least. It will just take a lot of getting used to. One downside to this placement is that the power button has a bulge outward which makes the LG G2 not sit evenly on tables. Verizon fixed this by making it flat, but this makes it harder to find the power button, which is why LG made it curve outward anyway.Speaking of the power button, LG has a neat feature, known as KnockOn(tm), which lets you turn the device on by simply tapping on the screen twice. Great! Unfortunately, this only works - at best - something like 60% of the time. However, I have found that if you tap it THREE times instead, it almost always works, and I find myself using it all the time. It is obvious that LG did this to make up for the awkward position of the power button.And now, the software... OK, LG. It is very obvious that you tried to copy Samsung's interface here. If you're coming from a Samsung phone, you'll feel right at home. At least unlike Samsung's, LG's is fast and never lags. However, it still has all the flaws of Samsung's. Plus it pops up very obvious QUICK TIPS everywhere. And it's cheesy. If you compared this software to a block of cheese, this is cheesier. Sparkly OMG LOOK FLYING UNICORN PIXIE DUST PARTICLE EFFECTS when you unlock the screen are just the start. Hilariously bad default sound effects are next. The keyboard is also pretty bad, but thankfully the regular Android keyboard is also included and it only takes seconds to switch. I didn't play around with the stock software much though, as the first thing I did when I got home was root it and install CyanogenMod 11, which runs flawlessly on this device.All in all, I would recommend this device to basically anyone. Samsung users will feel right at home with the stock software, and for power users, it's ridiculously easy to load custom ROMs onto this thing.However, if LG is reading this, PLEASE, for the Optimus G3 or whatever you call it, bring back removable batteries. And microSD slots. And, this is a long stretch here, but just put stock AOSP on it for the software. And put the buttons back on the side where they go. Maybe even make it waterproof like Sony did. Even just add a few mm of thickness to put in an even bigger battery. Almost everyone I know would prefer a durable, thick, bulky phone with a huge battery over a slim, fragile one with a small one. Almost everyone.I would probably give this device a rating of 9/10.

Phone is sooo easy to use. Battery life is excellent. Display is bright and touch-responsive. I use most of the &#34;bloatware&#34; apps - I'm glad they're there.I'm a photographer, and the camera in this phone is really very good. The only way it could be any better is if it shot RAW files, but that's sort of impractical. :-/Only drawback I see is no slot for expanded storage. But at 32GB, I doubt it's going to be an issue. If I lived on my phone and used a gazillion apps, maybe I'd have thought about a different model. But this one is more than enough for my needs.Best Christmas present I got this past year. Happy with my G2!

Great phone. Got it at a great price from amazon. Very fast with no lag. UI is better than touchwiz but wish it had closer to stock android.

its good but after a wile the battery drain the phone like crazyat the end i went back toiphone

After 3.5 yrs I decided to move out of Apple iPhone. I would suggest this phone if u r a first time Android or Smartphone user. Thanks to good battery life, bright screen, 5.2 big screen, double tap unlock, especially thinner bezel, fastest processor(seriously awesome), single click Camera open (from long press down button), one would love this phone.If you arent worried abt No Sd lot (only 32 gb internal) and back side buttons(which I liked it as an alternative for side buttons bcoz in any way u will have a finger at the back while holding it),  I would suggest this phone.Drawback: The only drawback I could see is: Using back buttons to reduce the volume while video is streaming. I hope there should be an alternative for this.

Great phone, still bragging about it. I read alot of reviews on this phone before buying it and it payed off .

Best Phone Ever! Just Wish There Were Cases!!! Better Than The iPhone I Would Highly Recommend This Phone To Everyone

Have you ever gotten a new phone and thought, "wow this phone makes my other phones seem so dated"? I can say that this is that phone, the LG G2 is AMAZING...funny thing is, my last two phones were the HTC One (AT&T;) and the iPhone 5 (AT&T;). I am that guy who buys the latest and greatest when I think it will make a difference in my life and I justify my phone purchases with the excuse that my phone is always on me(and I used to be an Apple fanboy and I have owned every iPhone). I use it for work, games, news, remote for my tv, sports, email, camera...Oh yeah, I use it to make phone calls too. Anyways, I haven't been in love with a phone like this since I went to the original iPhone. I hope you find my review helpful and beneficial to your purchase regardless if you buy one or not.The Bad - Let's just get this out of the way.The case is a glossy plastic. The phone is a finger print magnet. I am slightly self conscious when I let people see the G2- I feel like I have very dirty hands and I'm a chemist which means I am washing my hands regularly. The phone is a dirt and oil magnet.The other downside is no expandable memory but I have a hard time using 32gb of memory anyways so Im not complaining but some of you out there might want more memory.The GOOD - Get ready for a long list. I will do my best to put what is important first just in case I bore you and you want to move on.Battery - The G2 has the longest battery life of any phone I've used. I regularly use my phone for a multitude of tasks. With my iPhone 5 and HTC One I usually could make it through the day without a recharge, but without a doubt I would give those phones a full charge when I slept. It has been 4 days since I have owned the G2 and have only charged it over night twice. All I can say is "WOW". Finally a smart phone with a battery that makes sense.Software - The LG software is really well thought out and not gimmicky like the Galaxy S4. My favorite feature is the double tap of the screen when the phone is in sleep mode which turns it on, and this feature also works to turn the phone off. No more need to find some long and flat power button on the top of the phone which at times isn't easy to find on the phones because at night you don't know whether your phone is upside down or not. I know it isn't a huge deal to find the power button, but double tapping anywhere on the screen to turn it off/on is a very useful feature. And no it doesn't accidentally turn on in my pocket. The software can detect random touches from the double tap. Other features of the software are a long press of the volume button brings up the camera and it loads within seconds or the notepad for quick notes. I am finding more useful software features as I move along, for example today for my meeting reminder which popped up 15 minutes before the start, a "silent mode" option popped up along and I clicked it and my phone went silent for the scheduled time of the meeting. No more forgetting to turn my phone to silent during meetings. Also when I am in an app and I receive a text, a little box pops up with the text and it has a reply box so I can actually reply to texts without exiting the app I'm currently using. If I don't reply the box disappears within a few seconds just like a notification on the other phones and the app in use just runs like nothing happened. With the large screen the pop up box is non obtrusive. If this was an iPhone the box would take up a significant part of the screen but on the G2 it's just like a notification popping up on any other phone. Again it's a simple feature but it makes sense and I love it. Other than that the phone is running Android 4.2.2 which is really smooth and pleasant. In comparison to iOS6 this makes Apple's software seem dated and unimaginative and compared to the HTC One software it is refined and the One is also running Android 4.1.2.Screen - Holy cow this screen is the best screen I have ever laid eyes on. The screen is huge and the bezel around the screen is tiny. Whites are white, blacks are black, colors aren't overly saturated and the resolution is on par with the best of the best. Simply put, this is the best screen of the top phones, iPhone, Galaxy S4 and the HTC One. When I show it off to my stubborn iPhone friends all they say is wow it's so clear and big. It's almost as if I'm holding a mini HD TV in my hand.Sound - For those audiophiles out there, this phone does allow for 24 bit music and it really does sound fantastic. With headphones in this phone blows the competition out of the water and for the record I am an audiophile too. With the speaker the phone is loud, definitely louder than the iPhone 5 but not as loud and clear as the HTC One. In this comparison, the HTC One wins for the speakers but the G2 is no slouch and I find myself listening to my music on the speaker frequently.Camera - Again, best camera of the bunch. I've read about the Nokia having a 41 megapixel sensor which Im sure rocks, but the G2 compared to the HTC One and the iPhone 5 wins hands down. I have a black dog and cat and whenever I took pictures with the iPhone 5 they came out looking like black shadows with eyes. It was disappointing to have such cute animals misrepresented. The HTC One definitely gets the colors right on pictures but the zoom lacked because it only has a 4 megapixel camera. With displays as clear as they are now, 4 megapixel pictures are easily pixelated when you zoom in. The G2 has a camera to replace all point and shoot cameras. My dog and cat are visible! The camera is fast even in low light and takes fantastic pictures.Performance - The G2 has a quad core snapdragon 800 2.3 ghz processor which is the fastest available in all smartphones. In normal people language...it's blazing fast and buttery smooth. I hate to say this but the iPhone and HTC one seem laggy. And I hate to say that because in real world use those phones are more than adequate, but once I go back and play with the HTC One and iPhone5 I think," man these phones are slow." Using the app manager I frequently see 5-10 programs open and running but none of that affects the performance.Build - The phone is plastic but not cheap feeling like the Galaxy S4. If you pop the back cover off of a Galaxy S4, the back really feels like a flimsy piece of plastic, whereas the G2 does not have a removable back which gives the phone a much better build quality and sturdiness. It also has a rounded back which has a very nice feel in your hand similar to the HTC One but better. The HTC One and the iPhone 5 have straight edges vs the G2's rounded edges which makes the G2 much more comfortable to hold. I loved the aluminum on the HTC One and the iPhone 5, it makes for a sturdy build and quality feel, but the edges used to scratch and dent from normal usage, because the edges were so fine, which got annoying quickly. I truly appreciate the G2's build quality and attention to detail even though it doesn't use aluminum it definitely has a premium feel in a comfortable package.  Looks wise, the case of the phone is nothing unique or special but I spend most of my time looking at the beautiful screen anyways so I don't have much to complain about the phone in that respect.Verdict - I honestly thought we have reached a point with hardware where there really won't be much innovation anymore because everything has become so fast, high resolution, etc. that the next innovation wave would be in software. Boy was I wrong and pleasantly so. Moving the volume buttons to the back makes perfect sense. With phones getting larger, and bezels skinnier, it doesnt really make sense to have the volume buttons on the side. With small bezels it becomes rather necessary to hold the phone on it's edges where typically you would find the power and volume buttons which means while watching videos it could be easy to bump them accidentally.  You need to reach for the buttons on typical phones vs on the G2 the buttons are where your fingers rest naturally which makes turning the volume up and down rather easy. And the screen with minimal borders is gorgeous. Sure the resolution on the HTC One and Galaxy S4 are great just like the G2, but who wouldn't want a bigger screen in the same size package?  That extra half of an inch does make for a better experience when it comes to phones(size does matter).I have used the Galaxy Note II and a few of the other phablets(phone but tablet sized) and they are just too big to justify the functionality over form. LG fit a huge screen into a minimalist package which I can truly say it is phenomenal. And the best part of this phone...I can see my dog and cat! Yes I adore them and love them and am always taking pictures of them to send to friends and family. There has not been one person that I have showed the phone off to who wasn't amazed by it and getting an iPhone user to be amazed by a Droid phone is pretty freaking rare.For once in a long time, I can say that this phone will last me at least a year without me getting the urge to upgrade and that's saying a lot. I was the guy who waited in line for 12 hours to get the 3g and 3gs. I can without a doubt recommend this phone to all smartphone users and if you do get it I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.Update 9/22/2013 - I love this phone more and more each day. It charges really quickly. When I get actual numbers on speed to charge to 100% I will post them.Update 9/26/2013 - Yesterday I woke up to LG's native email app crashing continuously even after a restart. I deleted my email accounts and it still was happening so I did a factory reset which eliminated the problem. I then emailed LG's customer service to see if they know about this and I got a good understanding of how their customer service works and quite frankly it is terrible compared to the competition. The phone itself still commands 5 stars but customer service is no better than 1 star and here is why: 1. They asked for proof of purchase to validate that I bought the phone within the last year (the phone hasn't even been out more than two weeks...really?) 2. They didn't answer my question, the reply was I may need to send the phone in 3. Sending the phone in was my responsibility, they don't send a prepaid package like the competitors 3. 5-7 days until I would get my device back. So if you account for shipping I could be without a phone for two weeks (LG should know better most people can't go more than a day without their smartphones .If you compare Apple's customer service, they have stores that you can walk into (with an appointment) and get your phone swapped out with in minutes. Their reps also can help solve problems like frequent app crashing and it's all included with their 12 month warranty. If you don't live close to a store Apple will mail you a box and it will have priority shipping. You can get your phone replaced within a couple days. Sony doesn't have in store replacements like Apple, but they do ship boxes to send your device in also with priority speed.If you are accustomed to Apple's customer service or another company's that you like, factor it into your decision when making the switch. I can tell you with absolute certainty that LG's service is awful.9/27/2013 - Luckily I was within AT&T;'s 14 day exchange policy. The camera would not focus and continually shook...the replacement works perfect. Apparently I was the second person with this issue so keep a lookout for this if you pick up a G2. Charging from 50% to 100% only takes an hour using a nexus 7 charger.

This mobile is still on Android OS 4.2.2 right from the box.Due to bug in OS 4.2.2 battery drains too quickly.LG didn't give any patch to fix this. They could have upgraded to 4.3/4.4 latest one.But they are with the idea of manufacturing a new model and sell/throw it with good specs along with Samsung.They really don't care about the customers.This mobile is trying to find my location every 5 min even though I have GPS turned off.Everything else is good.But without battery what am I going to do with it.Will update review once I have patch.-------------------------------Received patch from At&t; to upgrade to kitkat and this problem is fixed.Increasing rating to 4 stars.one more common problem with LG G2 headset is after dialing no and clicking on call button, mobile shows black screen for few seconds. Sometimes call is connected and it still shows the black screen.This mobile also has issues detecting the ear. When I am answering the call, it touches chin and sometimes key press is done on screen and few times it disconnects.However I am using headphones most of the time, so its fine for now.Mobile performance has slightly decreased after the latest updates and 1 year of usage. Still its good as it has one of the best processor.

Pros:* The battery life is amazing (30 hours with medium-high usage)* The screen is amazing (predictably so, because LG makes really nice computer monitors)* The SoC is very powerful and runs pretty cool* The remote app is pretty coolCons:* The plastic back is pretty slippery* The phone feels sort of fragile, like I'm about to accidentally snap it in half. It isn't badly built, but it's large and thin and it scares me* The button placement sort of sucks (I assume that it's there to cut down on the bezels, which are tiny)The first two cons can be alleviated with a case, and the third one shouldn't be too big an issue. Overall, very good, but buy a case.

The LG G2 is a great phone and I do recommend it.  I upgraded from an iPhone 4S which I had purchased at launch.  This phone is quicker and has a nicer (also much larger) screen in comparison.  I don't want to get into a full in-depth review but I'll do a basic breakdown.What I like:- The screen is great.  Better than my iPhone's screen.  High pixel density and great colors.- The processor is fast. Most apps load instantly and run completely smoothly.  Some take a moment to load, but I think that's more an error with the program than with the hardware.- LG has a built-in app for using the phone as wireless storage.  This means that I can access files on my phone over the network in either Windows or Linux (I'm a linux user, but I'd imagine most people are either Windows or Mac.  I haven't tested this in Mac but I'm sure it works there as well).Dislikes:- Not a huge fan of the built-in home launcher.  I ended up moving to Nova Launcher.  Just a personal preference I guess.- Bloat-Ware! I suppose this isn't entirely LG's fault.  AT&T; has a huge hand in this.  If you're into it you can easily root and remove most of this stuff.- Battery life - On most days I would say that I really like the battery life.  In general it is above average.  It took a few days of full charges for it to really start working as it should.  But, the reason why I put this in the dislikes is because on occasion it drops way faster than it should.  There are some built-in wake-locks on the AT&T; version that, if left unchecked, can burn through this massive battery.  It's just an issue with android in general but with a 3000mAH battery this should not be an issue.  If you find that your LG G2 is losing battery life faster than it should while it's supposed to sleep you should google "LG G2 AT&T; wakelock issue".It's my first Android phone and I'm fan.  It has a few issues, and I'm not entirely sure if they were worth docking a star for, but in essence I think there is room for improvement.  I didn't mention every one of my likes and dislikes; but, this phone has been worth the $80 dollars I paid to upgrade to it.

I love my new Toy!!!great telephoneIt's my first smart phone and I'm very happyLG is Great Brand!!!

This phone is a multi purpose top of the line Android. It has a great battery life and nice large screen. Also on the home page the drop down menu lets you do everything from put the phone into quiet mode, change the brightness, turn on Wi-Fi,  Bluetooth,  data transfer and many more. Also there is a quick remote feature that will let you change the channel, control the volume,etc on your TV, cable box,  xbox....and more. I used to have an iPhone however, Android gives you a lot more options and doesnt make you pay for everything.

Great phone for the price! If your looking for freedom from Apple and Samsung then LG and this phone is the way to go!

Great screen. Great battery. Great functionality. Good sound with bottom-firing speaker. Without a doubt the best phone my wife and I have ever had.

Love this phone . lots of features ,Battery life is great. Picture quality is awesome. One of the best phones on the market hands down.

The G2 is amazing.  Not only does it have one of the fastest processors, the extended battery allows it to run for days without charging providing you conserve what apps you run.  I usually turn off the 4G because I am usually close to a WiFi.  That and keeping the locator turned off seems to conserve much of the power to allow two, sometime 3 days without charging.  Another great feature of this phone is how fast it recharges.  A couple of times I have had less than 30% remaining on the battery, placed the charger in the phone and within an hour it was fully charged.I do not mind the location of the power button and seldom use it.  This phonehas a &#34;Knock&#34; feature to bring the phone out of standby and also return the phone to standby if you care to use it.  The HD 1080 pixel screen is very clear and the 13 megapix camera is one of the best I have found on any phone.  I do miss not having a micro card and something that does distrub me is that I cannot remove preloaded apps that I do not use and takes up memory and storage.  This phone will collect fingerprints and requires a screen clean often.  The fingerprints are not as noticable when the screen is on but is annoying to me when in standby.  Just a pet peeve of mine.Overall, I love this phone.  The speed alone makes it worthwhile.  I would recommend it to anyone looking to upgrade or wanting a new,fast and a phone that should be enjoyable through the life of the contract.

This my first smartphone. I love the bigger screen, the processor is going strong on wifi and  on 4g lte. I would prefer side buttons but that is not a big deal. This phone was free with a contract so i am happy.

The phone itself is a powerhouse: it has a blazing fast CPU and GPU and the screen looks gorgeous.The software on the other hand is terrible: the knock-on feature works 1 time out of 10 and it's full of glitches.I've also had problems with the camera in low-light conditions: the photos always come out blurry for some reason and the phone takes for ages to snap the photo in such conditions.The phone can dominate the market if it wasn't for the software - let's hope that cyanogenmod can help out here!

Love the phone. Battery life by far the best ive seen. You can count on 16hrs with heavy use 24-36 with moderate use, but ive actually lasted up to 48 hrs. Processor speed and internal memory is even a better reason to own this phone.

This is an amazing phone. Very little pre-installed bloatware. You can customize literally every aspect of the UI to your liking. Lots of great widgets that can be resized to your taste. Speaker quality is great, my ringtones sound much better than they did on my old phone. Camera is decent. Screen size and quality is optimum.The only issue I had with it is not really even an issue. The pre-installed ringtones are terrible boarding on nightmare causing. But I don't know many people who use default ringtones.

I have had this phone for a while and I love it and the price was right on will buy from them again.

I've been using cell phones since the early 1990s, and smartphones for several years. Samsung, Apple, HTC and others certainly make excellent phones. I know. I've owned and used the iPhone 4s and iPhone 5, Samsung's S2, S3 and S4, and the HTC Amaze. This phone, however, the LG G2, is simply the best I've ever used. The screen is large with a gorgeous, brilliant display. The phone is very fast thanks to the Snapdragon quad-core processor. The battery is not removable, but it's a Li-Po 3000 mAh battery with the prodigious capacity to supply about 17 hours of talk time. I've been using the phone on and off all day and still have about 80% of the power left.  There is no SD card slot. The phone's design is probably too slim and tight to accommodate a card, but it comes with 32 Gigs of internal memory, about 27 of which are available to the user. I've loaded literally thousands of songs, and about 60 video clips along with over 200 hundred photos and I still have seven gigs left. If I want more storage I can always use an external stick. I paid full price for the phone and it was still almost $200 less than the 32 gig iPhone, which also has a fixed battery and no SD card slot.The software LG stuffed into the phone is well thought-out. I hated the problems inherent in the iPhone's small virtual keyboards and the various links and points that had to be poked or drawn with great care to perform simple functions. I also hated the fact that when I spoke on the phone, my ear would inadvertently trigger the address book and sometimes cut off the conversation. No such problem on the G2. The keyboards are actually large enough to use and the helpful guessing at words as you type is very clever and very useful. There are so many things that LG has done with the software, and so many things I've yet to learn, that I can't comment further except to state that there's nothing I've seen in their pamphlets or propaganda that isn't the product of a profoundly wise and practical design team.Finally, there's the sound. None of the "professional" reviews of the LG G2 I've read or seen have delved into it, but the sound through ear buds is utterly superb. The HTC One comes close, but I think the LG G2 has the edge. One or two reviewers commented on the sound of the speakers. Well, the iPhone and Samsung speakers are just as mediocre, but anyone who listens to his or her cell phone speakers for the thrill of the experience is no audiophile. I listen through ear buds when I exercise and when I walk, and what I hear on the G2 is utterly astounding. At home I coupled the G2 with a cheap blue tooth speaker and was so impressed I bought the Bose SoundLink Mini. I listened to both the HTC One, with its excellent "Beats" audio and the G2, and to be frank preferred the G2, at least for classical music. I felt as if I were standing next the Steinway as the marvelous Yuja Wang played Rachmaninoff, or as if I were in the middle of the combo during a Jazz performance. Rock or pop may sound better on the HTC One, although I'm certain the G2 could also deliver anything the aficionados of Pop or Rock would want.I like the LG G2 very much and would recommend it to anyone. To me, it's simply the best value there is in cell phones today.

Being new to the smartphone world, I almost went with a Samsung G3 or 4, but I am really glad I chose this phone. Love it right out of the box, everything works great, and it has blazing speed.  There are SO MANY tips and tricks that go with this unit, (just search Youtube for them) that I don't even want to &#34;mod&#34; this unit....(I like &#34;tweaking&#34; my electronics, but this works so well I don't even want to or feel the need to &#34;tinker&#34; with it)  I am completely pleased with everything about this phone....and I even find myself trying to &#34;knock knock&#34; awake my Kindle Fire now...lol!!!  The battery is a beast, but power management is definitely required.  The first week I had such fluctuating usage I was concerned, but once I learned how to manage/control what was on and off and trying to access the internet, my battery usage is amazing....can go two to three days between charges with just normal, not too heavy, usage.  My only suggestion is to get a task killer type app and use it often.  You can use everything on this phone, just make sure you know it cuts itself off so you don't have heavy battery drain.

This phone is fantastic! I charge it every other day or two. I have it rooted and running KitKat smoothly. Great look and big screen; I thought it would be too big for me since woman's pockets are small but not much different than using my former phone Samsung Galaxy S3. Only complaint is that there aren't enough cute women-ly cases out there.

Pros:- Extremely fast/responsive (the Snapdragon 800 was the main reason I started looking at this phone in the first place)- Huge screen for the phone's profile - significantly bigger than any of my previous smartphones, yet the phone itself isn't much larger- Amazing battery life (at least until the moment I installed Qualcomm BatteryGuru - ironically that app has obliterated any sense of reasonable battery life my phone ever had, even though it claims it's now saving energy)- Pretty well built - I still prefer the design and feel of HTC phones, but the G2 is still in another league compared to Samsung if you ask me- Double tapping to turn the screen on - this one might be a little controversial, and yes even after about two weeks it doesn't work every time (which is pretty funny considering I'm accidentally turning the phone on frequently because of it), I really like it. I almost never use the back button to turn the phone on.Cons:- It's extremely easy to accidentally cover up the speaker on the bottom while holding the phone in landscape mode, and sometimes even in portrait. In particular this has been extremely annoying while playing games. Out of the small handful of things I don't like about the phone, this is the one that has me debating returning it.- The screen itself looks pretty good, but based on my previous smartphones I was surprised how poor the viewing angle is- The phone could be louder. In-call volume is not an issue, I'm talking about ringtones and receiving text messages. I've never found it so easy to miss them as I have with this phone (which makes it sound worse than it probably is, but I do wish it was better).- Glossy backing is definitely as easy to smudge with fingerprints as everyone says

A Great Phone one of the best ever,great camara, easy to use.A whole lot of functions, and app,great price online,

Got a great deal through Black Friday.  So for the price it was great, especially since Amazon does not charge you tax on the full retail price of the phone like most places do.The GOOD:-Big, bright, clear screen.- Ability to add apps and different screens on the lock screen without having to unlock the device.-4G is really fast, I actually went over my limit when I stepped outside of wifi and the 4g took over and downloaded all the stuff I was trying to do with wifi. This was before I figured out that you CAN limit the amount of data your phone will use. Make sure to set it to a least 20MB before your actual limit that AT&T; gives you.. (i.e. 2gb limit with AT&T; means you should set it to 1.8gb limit on the phone to be saf-Great camera with stabilizer.  Apparently this is why most of my pictures turn out VERY clear even if you're moving.  I'm not the selfie taking type so I'm not too familiar with the clarity of the front facing camera but it's still high end quality according to the specs.-Lots of great specs including the 32gb built in memory--Roughly 25 after android operating system is installed so they don't tell you that beforehand-IR Blaster--Love this feature. If you lose a remote, want a universal remote for all your household entertainment, wants to change the channel at a sports bar or just want to impress your friends... This is the thing to do it.  You can customize it by rooms too. So you can program every tv in your house and tell it in which room it's in. No need to insert 3 digit codes, the phone does all the work.-Built-in flashlight feature with a really bright light compared to other devices..--Will be easier with a shortcut added to your home screen and lock screen.-Makes every iphone, including the newest 5s look like a baby.The BAD:-Not a big deal but the box it comes in is ugly. LG did not do much to make the phone more appealing like Samsung and Apple do.  I suppose this may have helped with costs.-The design of the back buttons vs having them on the sides is difficult to get used to.. In fact it doesnt feel right even after having the phone for several months.  This may be a deal breaker for some.  It's even more awkward trying to take a screen capture (Center button and bottom button at the same time)-The battery specs are probably without any apps installed. Once you have apps installed and running you will see your battery life DRAIN.  So depending how many apps you have installed,  you may not be able to use this phone very long. Keeping it dim helps preserve battery though, but it makes it hard to see in bright light.  I managed to recently upgrade the software and I think it's 4.2.2 now and it has helped the battery.  I've only had it a day but it's significantly better results.--It's good to have a battery saving app (additional to the Battery Saver option that's already included) and to have your task manager shortcut to open up the ram and then close out any open apps periodically.  I also have the battery saver option on all the time and have adjusted my settings so that it kicks in automatically no matter what the battery level.- The phone heats up SO MUCH when you're playing any kind of game... even the small, light games.  I have a nice thick case so I don't feel the heat unless I touch the back of the phone where the buttons and camera are, so I can only imagine how difficult it would be to hold the phone for a long period of time when playing a game.- It's not as popular as the Samsung devices so accessories are limited, especially at low prices online, so you'll pay a few bucks more for a case.  In store you'll probably pay the same retail price but only bad/dumb shoppers pay full retail.- Not that great of reception, I'm assuming its because 4G is always activated.. So it's also a bad thing that you can't disable 4g and use 3g or even 2g (EDGE) for your phone calls.-The back case is NOT removeable.. at least not while maintaining your warranty.  This is a big negative because if you want to replace your own battery later on you may break the cover.-The memory is not expandable.  That's right you cannot add in more external memory with a microSD. I did not find this out until after I had bought the memory. I suppose with the 25gb of useable space it comes with you may do fine,but I like to have no boundaries to my memory.-----If you want to keep LG and don't mind a bigger phone, you can get the Optimus G Pro, this one does have expandable memory and I believe the back cover does come off

The camera isn't as advertised. The photos were grainy and out of focus. So I returned it for another phone.

I really like the G2. I searched and read reviews and tech specs and finally decided on the G2. I like the screen sz: 5.2, processor: 2.2ghz and overall size and design. I considered the HTC One, Samsung G4 Active and Motorola(I had an Atrix) which I really liked as well. This is the first LG phone I have had and it has been wonderful so far.

Big screen, high resolution pictures, easy to start using as I already had an android phone. Very nice and so far no problems.

Wow, I can't say a single negative thing about this phone. Amazing battery life, brilliant screen, super fast and the smallest bezel I've seen on a phone.

Wow is the one word I would use to describe this phone.  I love it and I think I can finally stop buying and trading phones in the search for the perfect phone.  Over the last 18 months I have had 12 phones ranging from the Galaxy S3,S4, Note, Note 2 ,HTC One, LG Optimus G Pro. LG optimus G, Nexus 4, Motorola X and a few more.  All have been good phones but each and every one of them had something that turned me off about them. The Note 2 was my favorite out of the bunch but the phone was to big sometimes (at the gym most notably).Well the other day I decided to go to At&t; and use my upgrade on the Lg g2. Now keep in mind I treat my upgrades as gold and did a TON of research on phones. Ultimately I had it narrowed down to this or the Note 3.So I pull the trigger on this bad boy and I could not be happier with my decision.  For starters the battery life on this thing is an absolute monster. (Yes better than the note 2). This feature is the most important feature for me.  2nd the screen is the perfect size. Someone said it best.... A phablet in a smartphones body. This is a perfect description for this phone. The screen size is right on the money and the display is top notch.The camera is also very good and allows me to take very clear and clean shots.  It even takes fairly decent shots of a moving image. The HTC one still has this one beat on that matter but the battery life on that phone was a joke.The processer is zippy and can handle anything you throw at it. All of my screens are super smooth and there is no lag at all.  This processer also handles the LG UI whit out a hitch. Speaking of the UI it is similar to Samsung's touchwiz but offers more personalization which I love.  It even comes with the Vienna choir as some of the sounds.After using this for a few days I found only one complaint and that was speaker. It is just average. I was very spoiled with the HTC one and I found that the MOTO X also had a good speaker. But if this is the only thing wrong with the phone then I can easily overlook this.I am very relieved to have found a phone that is perfect for me and I would 100% recommend this phone to anyone.

The brand new one that I received lasted 1.5months before it would lock me out in the middle of using the phone and at other times it would refuse to unlock. The replacement that Verizon sent me lasted 4months this time before that one started to freeze and give me gray screens. The next replacement that I received worked for 2days before it didn't give me any data connection. I wouldn't recommend anyone to get this phone. Throughout the process, I've also had the 'pleasure' of wasting hours of my life with Verizon customer service. Throughout it all, in addition to learning that the LG G2 is a terrible phone, I've also learned that Verizon customer service is HORRID. Their employees are not well-informed about company policy and the company does not work to cover its mistakes. Basically, what I received from them is an 'oh well, there's nothing else we can do for you.'My advice = don't get the G2 and if you're with Verizon, switch before you get screwed too.

We have had two of these phones for awhile now and I can say without a doubt- these are the best phones my hubby and I have owned. The screen is clear and sleek. The touch sensitivity is awesome- my finger can be close to the screen and already pick it up. The pictures taken by the phone's camera are crazy good. The editing of images right on the phone is great. Gaming on the phone is a big step up from previous phones. The memory is good. We still find random things the phone can do after owning it for a while. Most importantly, the phone doesn't drop calls and the internet is still fast! This phone is feature loaded in so many ways. It works better than my 2 month old laptop. It has barely slowed down at all in the time I have had it, which is a huge improvement from previous LG phones, and a major advantage over my last Samsung phone.The data/WiFi settings are great to, as I can set a data limit on my phone, so it will alert me and stop me from going over. The one thing I don't like is that I have to have my data on to send a picture message, while I can send it through email to the recipient's text and it will work on WiFi. I'm not sure if this is an AT&T; thing or a LG phone thing.

Love this phone!!!  First let me say I was a previous iphone lover; had one since they first hit the market.  My last iphone was the 5.  The screen on the G2 is perfect size....not to big and not too small!!  The toggle on the back becomes natural after a few short weeks.  At first the battery life wasnt the best after I changed a few factory settings (suggested from a google search) I can go all day and night with normal usage.  ....I'm not a gamer or a tv streamer...I do stream Pandora.... I researched several Android phones before purchasing this phone!!  Super satisfied with my choice!

Absolutely awesome phone. My first android phone and there is no way I'm going back to IOS or Blackberry. I seriously recomend this phone.

Came quickly. Great phone. Definitely a lot of features that require getting used to. The screen size is perfect too.

I've had the htc one x, iphone 4 and 5, htc one, galaxy s3 and the lumia 1020. Nothing compares to the battery life and screen quality/slim bezels of this phone.I never realized the value of a large battery/long lasting phone, but this takes the cake. The speakers don't compare to the HTC One, and the camera isn't as good as the lumia, but I would not hesitate to recommend this over all other phones right now. The back buttons didn't bother me because of the awesome &#34;Knock-On&#34; feature.Go LG!

The best phone i ever had ! The battery life lives up to the hype ! Screen is amazing.  Speed, phone functions, camera,  and speaker all work great ! Also saved $100 buying from Amazon with carrier upgrade.

The battery life is incredible for such a powerful device with a screen that is viewable from almost any angle with astonishing brightness and contrast ratio. The ergonomics are spot on and the buttons on the back are exactly where they should be on all other phones. The weight and thickness of the phone are also very low and is impressive for a device that packs capable hardware. I would have no other phone. A+ with honors.

First off, i think this phone is really good. The speed at which it runs at is amazing. Battery life destroys my HTC One. I charge this at the end of the night after heavy-duty usage. Not half way through the day, my usage includes gaming,facebook,internet browsing heavily, fantasty updates throughout the day, my special Tv remote, few calls. Basically im glued to this device atleast 10 hrs aday, For that reason if you have any questions, leave them and i will answer ASAP. I have owned an iphone 5, pad fone from china, htc one, xpera z and now this phone. I will check back this review to answer all of guys or ladys questions2 final notes. My wife loves this phone and lastly the htc one spoiled me with the sound and for that alone this device would get a 9/10 and not a perfect score

Pros-1. Excellent performance. Incredibly fluid and pleasant experience.2. Very long battery life.3. Nice big display. Excellent for watching videos on the go.4. Camera is excellent. Almost as good as a regular point and shoot.5. 32 GB of internal storage.6. The buttons on the back are great once you get used to them.Cons-1. Can be difficult to operate with one hand.2. Software bugs.3. No MicroSD card slot or removable battery.4. Quick Remote can be much better.5. LG launcher could be better.6. It is a fragile fingerprint magnet if you don&#8217;t use a cover.Having used the LG G2 as my primary phone for the last 2 months and a half I think it is enough time to write a fairly competent review of my experience. My experience with the device has been very pleasant. I love the phone, but as with any other electronic device it has its pros and its cons. I will explain with more detail each of the above pros and cons below.Pros (continuation)1. Probably the single most important thing a smart phone needs to have is good performance. In this aspect this phone certainly delivers. It is fast, very fast. It will handle pretty much anything that you can throw at it. I currently have 1 live wallpaper running behind three home screens that have a total of 4 widgets. It still runs flawlessly. The transitions and animations are smooth and lag free. My previous phone was a Galaxy S3 and even though that phone was no slouch you can definitely tell the difference between the S3 and G2. I have seen the biggest improvement in the browser. The G2 is noticeably faster opening tabs and loading pages. It is also smoother when zooming in and out of web pages. As far as games are concerned I have not run many graphic intensive games. I do play a lot of Temple Run (my favorite game) and it runs with no problems.2. Battery life is often times the biggest weakness that a smart phone can have. That is not the case with the G2. Battery life is simply outstanding. I find it almost impossible to drain the battery with normal use in one day. For example, having use the phone for 14 hours today listening to podcasts and music, talking for about an hour, sending over 50 text messages and watching Netflix the battery is still at 60% before going to sleep. By the way, the screen brightness was at 75%. I absolutely hated having to always have to dim the screen in the S3 to have the battery last me a whole day. The only thing that takes a considerably amount of battery is the GPS. An hour using the GPS with full brightness will use about 25% of the battery. Not a big deal if you have a car charger though. Speaking of charging, this phone charges from 0-100% in two hours. Not bad at all for such a big battery.3. One of the most advertised aspects of this phone is its big beautiful display. There is no denying it is gorgeous. Absolutely great if you want to watch videos and pictures. Reading on the phone is comfortable. Colors are considerably toned down from the AMOLED displays on Samsung phones. The pixel count in the display is through the roof making texts incredibly sharp. I have not had any problems with burn in or flickering on the screen. Nothing more to say here, the screen is awesome.4. The camera of the phone is excellent by cell phone standards. There is no way it is going to replace a DSLR camera but it can replace a regular point and shoot. I have not used my regular point and shoot camera in the last two years. The LG G2 takes excellent pictures during the day and decent pictures at night. The pictures come out looking much better at night if you use the &#8220;night&#8221; mode on the camera app. But that can be a hassle when you are trying to take a picture quickly. LG has marketed OIS capabilities of the camera. Honestly, I see this having the biggest difference when I am taking videos. The videos definitely look less shaky than the ones in my S3. When it comes to taking pictures however I don&#8217;t think it really does much though. If I am not careful I still get the occasional blurry picture.5. The phone comes with 32 GB of memory. You can only use about 24 GB out of the box. After installing all my apps, music, taking a ton of picture and videos I still have 12 GB left. The storage is not a problem in my opinion. It is a good thing the base configuration of the phone comes with 32 GB and not 16 GB.6. I got used to the buttons being on the back of the phone after a few hours. It just becomes second nature after that. I actually find the position really comfortable now. I laugh whenever somebody tries to turn on my phone and they spend half a minute trying to figure out how to turn it on. If you are hesitating on this phone because of the back buttons DON'T. They are really no big deal. You might actually like it after a while. Even if you still don't like the buttons on the back you can always use the knock knock feature. That way you don't even have to use them if you don't want to.Cons (continuation)1. The bad thing that comes with having such a big phone is that it makes it pretty difficult to use with one hand. It can get annoying when you are driving and trying to change a song quickly on the phone. I have small hands for a guy but they are not exactly tiny either. The phone itself is pretty thin and it definitely packs the biggest screen possible with the space it has. The borders are very small. Just keep in mind it is still a huge phone, not much smaller than the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. That is great for watching movies but a real pain in the behind if you like using the phone with one hand.2. Having use the G2 the last few months you can definitely tell that the LG software team is not up to par with its hardware. I have experienced a few bugs while using the phone. None of them a huge deal but annoying nonetheless. For example, the knock knock feature should be more like knock knock knock knock. You definitely have to tap more than once to get it to work at times. Also when the knock knock feature is On and I am going to put the phone in my pocket or lay it on a table the phone turns On for no apparent reason. The problem goes away if I turn the knock feature off. But by far the most annoying bug I have had has been with the messenger application. I have had to completely turn the notifications for text messages off. The phone will not turn off the screen if I have the notifications On. It happens with every single text message application on the market which makes me think it is a bug in the operating system itself and how it is handling these notifications.3. This phone has no removable battery or micro SD slot. Not that big of a deal for me but I know many people care about it. It might be a problem in a couple of years if the battery starts giving me any problems and I need to replace it. By that time I figure I have gotten a new phone though.4. I have tried the quick remote feature a few times now. It works with all my TVs and DVDs on my house. The set up was simple enough. The problem is that it just doesn&#8217;t have nearly enough range and you have to point exactly straight at the device you are trying to operate. Often times it doesn&#8217;t receive the command and you have to press it again, again, and again. Very irritating. It is definitely a feature I see using in case of emergency only if I ever lose or break the other remote controls. It is a real shame though because I can see how useful it is to have all your remotes in one.5. When you first get the phone it comes with the LG stock launcher. It is not bad but it is not nearly as good as some other launchers you see on the Play Store. The Nova Prime launcher has less clutter while having more features and customizations. There are no swipe shortcuts in the LG launcher, which is one of the reasons I like Nova Prime so much. The LG launcher is very similar to the Samsung Touchwiz in a lot of ways. When you swipe down the notification panel it has toggles for rotation, wifi, data, Bluetooth, GPS, airplane mode, quick remote, NFC and more. It also has volume and a brightness slide bar so you can adjust them. All of these features in the notification area are very useful but it would be very nice if you could have the option to take them away. You can&#8217;t take them away which makes the notification feel cramped and cluttered.6. The final problem with the phone is that just like with a lot of phones a protective case is a must. The phone is fragile and it will definitely break if you drop it. Not only that, it is also fingerprint magnet. I had my phone two days before deciding it was a mistake to have it without a cover. The phone looks disgusting without a case. You can see the fingerprints from a mile away. The phone feels slippery without a case too. I ended up purchasing the Incipio Dual Pro case. It gives the phone a much better grip and minimizes fingerprints. It also offers very good protection while keeping the phone pretty slim. I highly recommend it.In conclusion, do I recommend this phone? I sure do. Overall, the phone is a fantastic devise. It is fast, has a nice screen and it takes good pictures and videos. The battery lasts all day which is a big plus in my opinion. Unfortunately I cannot it give 5 out of 5 because of all the cons I mentioned above. The biggest problem being the software bugs it has. To be fair though I don&#8217;t think there is a single phone in the market that is worth 5 out of 5 stars. There just isn&#8217;t. There is a lot of pretty impressive competition but you will always find fault with a product if you really want to look at it with an objective view. I really hope this review helped you decide whether this phone is right for you. If you are in the market for a new phone keep an open mind and go to the store to try different phones. There are other options besides Apple and Samsung phones and the LG G2 is certainly worthy competition.

Switching to an android was a great idea, and this G2 really measures up.  Excellent picture resolution, easy intuitive handling.  Not easy to locate some of the apps I want; but I will perservere.

Unit I got from Amazon had GPS crashed by ATT &#34;update&#34; (but ATT Navigator was offered at a nominal fee) I rooted and went back to an earlier OS version with functional GPS. The next (mandatory unblockable) update crashed the phone, beyond recovery.As I sent it back to LG, they insist my new D800 was/is a refurbished phone with no warranty.
