
I love the way it looks and fits. The only thing I don't like is that the stand is not separate from the body. It actually snaps in and out of the protective case.

Positive: I just got this phone 3 days back and I'm yet to use it full extent. But my initial experience is awesome. Earlier I was using iPhone 4s and LG G2 is having a bigger screen but not very big though. Picture & Video is nice, vivid and crystal clear. Color is true and real high definition. Easy to setup email, Cloud drive and other things to start with. So far no difficulties. Phone is of perfect size and can be easily fit in my pocket. Processor is real fast and Youtube & browser is like my laptop to experience any short clip or a movie. Phone is having 32 GB internal storage which does not need any additional space, moreover I got 50 GB of Cloud space free with this phone which is good enough for all my usage.Negative: So far nothing, only area of improvement is the built quality which is not like iPhone and need a hard shell or case to protect the real delicate phone.Recommendation: I would recommend anyone looking for a real SMART Phone. This is a very nice phone LG released in market and true value for money compared to Samsung & iPhone.

I bought this after debating getting either the Galaxy S4 or the HTC One. First off, battery life is amazing with GPS off, which is to be expected with its humongous battery. The screen is gorgeous and represents colors better than the galaxy which tends to make colors overly bright. The remote feature is definitely cool especially since you can use it to power not only tv's (like with the S4 and htc one) but other appliances too such as fans, dvd players, cable boxes, etc... basically anything that uses a remote and if its not in the database, you just point your remote at the phone and it learns the functions. The camera is really great as it has hardware optical stabilization, unlike the others with just software stabilization. But the most important aspects are the performance specs, 2.26 Ghz quad core cpu with 2 GB of RAM - this thing is the Bugatti of the phone world.If I could name any problem it would be that the phone is extremely smooth (almost silky smooth) and while it does feel really good in the hand, it can be a little slippery at times; I got used to this though so it is no longer a problem. Speaking of how it feels in the hand, at first I was a little concerned about button placement but after a few days I realized that having the buttons where they are really does feel natural as your fingers naturally come in contact with that area as you hold the phone.

It has a lot to do with everyday life...messy females and dudes that's confused about what they want and cant be real with you

I rated 5 stars because I got the best deal from this purchase (no down payment and free shipping). The LG G2 phone is a very high quality product comparing to SAMSUNG and iPHONE. I think this is the cell phone with the best camera. LG should spend money for its advertisement to attract more customers. I recommend LG G2 phone to anyone who's tired of an expensive and tiny iPhone.

Pros: Amazingly underrated device. IMO this phone rips apart the S4 and any other phone on the market except the Galaxy Note 3 which benchmarks a little higher most likely from cheating software manufacturers rig the phone with now that will overclock if a benchmark is being run or it could be from having an extra GB of DDR3. The battery life is incredible by default and turning off location services and making sure google now is closed in the background makes any current gen android phone impressively power efficient, let alone this beast. Camera is awesome especially in low light compared to Samsungs cameras. The 800 series snapdragon absolutely destroys processes and is completely unnecessary but wonderful. The UI appears to be somewhat bloaty with the phone having about half it's ram being used at any given moment but this allows for a truly smooth and fluid interface. This is the first android phone i've ever owned that doesn't have the usual little software quarks. Every now and then i get an app(usually 3rd party) force close but to the date i haven't experienced a failure restart or any crippling error. My favorite feature is the knock on unlock. tapping three times lightly about an inch above the LG logo on the front is a fool proof way of having it work 95% of the time.Cons: There isnt a whole lot i can say here as i really love this phone. The touchscreen is a bit overkill sensitive but i can forestall that and say that it works with gloves. The speakers are insanely sensitive and can create an echo on calls if you don't turn down your ear piece from max volume. There is one glitch that may have been patched at this point but sometimes the keyboard goes haywire and you need a restart. Ive had the phone a month and its only happened twice but not recently and there was just an update that rolled out December 2nd i believe. DONT DROP WHILE CHARGING. Im an idiot and detached the micro usb port from the casing from a drop so now it has a lot of play in it but it is still attached to the circuit so it charges for now.Best Accessories: IMO the best looking case is the Spigen Slim Armor but it is terribly slippery and uncomfortable to hold. I got an Otter Box commuter case for free and it is very ergonomic and protective but i'm not a fan of the look so much.Overall buy this phone if you're considering getting a current gen android you won't be disappointed. Im going to exclude the the Note 3 on the grounds that it is a specialized device that is for a particular customer. If you're just looking for a regular phone, the G2 is the best thing out at this point in time.

I would like a new phone for my son that needs one. he would be happy if I could get it for him

First off, I purchased this at an AT&T Store because I had a few questions before plunking down the off-contract price. Guess what? It was actually cheaper in the retail store too! So check your local store before purchasing here. The phone is amazing and fits well in my hand. I have adapted to the button placement in a single day and the added &#34;double tap&#34; feature to wake and sleep the device is just brilliant. Software is excellent and not too much bloat-ware to deal with. Speed is awesome, Camera is excellent, however I have not fully used all the camera features yet. I have owned several Android phones and this one is my favorite. The big 5.2 inch screen really makes reading, texting, and surfing a breeze. When paired with Google aps, you can't go wrong!

Display 9.8/10Simply gorgeous. 2nd only to the HTC One. It's a 1080p, 5.2&#34; IPS, very thin bezel panel. It IS the largest panel in the smallest body at this time possible. It certainly doesn't feel like a borderline Phablet. While it has impressive specs, the proof is just looking at the colors. Not too saturated, but a high enough contrast that its images leap off the screen. My only caveat is that I'm not a huge fan of on-screen buttons.Design/Build Quality 9/10It's a plastic body. While it's not the HTC One, it's a notch up from the Galaxy S4. I say this because its a sealed body. You don't have the removable back cover for access to the battery, SIM, or SD card access. While these may be cons as well, this has improved the structural integrity of the phone. The design of the rear volume, and power button is an ambitious change. It's like trying to write with your other hand, well not that awkward, but still moderately uncomfortable.The feeling in the hand is excellent, again hard to believe a 5.2&#34; display is in this body.Performance. 10/10The latest chipset (Snapdragon 800) on the market is loaded in this with 2GB of RAM. I won't bore anybody with synthetic benchmarks. It just a beast. NOTHING has slowed this down, not even LG's own user interface, more about that next.Software. 8/10First I'm not saying it's bad! LG has taken the same road as Samsung and has LOADED the software with every little thing they could. Some are gimmicky, some useful. While you can disable most of these in settings, what you cannot do is uninstall them. The knock on feature to wake your device up, is probably about 80% accurate on the first try. It's a very innovative method of turning the device on and off, it just doesn't always respond. Side note regarding LG's software future updates: they are sparse, and borderline nonexistent. Don't bet the jackpot on getting KitKatBattery life. 10/10The battery is the best thing about this device (with the display being a close second). I have had so many different phones and battery life has always been a issue. Not anymore. I have an Exchange account, Gmail, over 100 texts a day, 20-40 emails, web browsing, 4000 min a month, 5GB of data...I am a power user. The 3000mah battery cannot be killed.  It's even more impressive it's running the most powerful processor in any Android phone. That's like a Corvette getting the fuel mileage of a hybrid!Camera/Video 9/10The optical image stabilization helps my shaky hands out, while the 13mp eye captures great detail. No complaints with the limited pictures I've taken.The video capture is what is stunning. The OIS combined with the 60 frames per second produces home videos that rival most home camcorders. Well I haven't seen a camcorder in a long time, but you get what I'm saying.Call quality/signal/data 9.5Earpiece is excellent. Loud and clear. Not hollow sounding either.Signal on AT&T; and StraightTalk has been excellent. Download speeds up to 30mbps, upload 15mbps LTE in Cleveland Ohio.WIFI range is excellent.Speaker phone is average. I wish the other speaker grill at the bottom was another speaker! It's the main microphone though. The speaker is not the worst out there, but could of been better with the iPhone style speaker setup.This phone is awesome. Best bang for the buck at $50.00 on contract.

The phone is great but doesn't get good service my IPhone and my husbands Galaxy s4 get great service where this one does not!!

I was sitting on the couch using my 2 month old phone and the screen literally split in half.  While I was on my couch.  In my 70 degree home.  At&t refuses to do anything, Amazon refuses to do anything, and now I'm having to work with Chase to see if they will help.  This is ridiculous.

Easy to use right out of the box. Instructions that were included quickly help me set it up and start using it.

Large oversized display screen. Lightening fast processor. Easy-to-type and accurate key board well suited for texting. Superior prompting makes for ridiculously easy texting. The phone is virtually flawless in all respects. The only drawback is that I was unable to pair the phone with my Panasonic Link-to-Cell cordless house phone system via Blue Tooth because the two are incompatible.

I bought this phone from T-mobile with a 2 year contract. I do not regret it at all. The performance of this phone is second to none.  You will not be disappointed.  My daughter has the new iphone. We have done side by side comparisons for page loading, photo clarity and features. The G2 is truly the iphone slayer.Today is May 3rd. I have had the phone for 3 months. I still LOVE it. I don't even hate T-Mobile and my 2 year contract. For the Seattle market T-Mobile and this phone are a WONDERFUL pair. I would recommend both to anyone that asked.You will LOVE THIS PHONE.

I received a defective phone. Never turned on. Battery was null. I reordered a black version and I love the phone just good luck

I had the Samsung galaxy line of phones before purchasing the LG G2 and so far, it has been worth every penny...literally. The phone does everything the Apples and Samsungs do, but the processor is top notch and can download 100mb files in less than a minute. The screen is outstanding and the size of the screen works very well within the frame of the phone. The weight of the phone is one of its best qualities. It is just perfect and I don't feel like I am carrying a brick around in my pocket or on the other end of the spectrum, some plastic breakable piece of garbage. The camera is not as great as I thought but that is not why I bought the phone so I could care less.

There's so much internal memory I don't even have to worry about no sd card slot and it has such a fast processor! Really great phone, great button layout, perfect for me!

Beyond compare. This is the best phone, ever! I call it a mini tablet. It does everything my computer does and more. I can do any and everything I want with the LG G2. I bought this model as a gift and I became extremely jealous after I opened the package. Now, I really want the white pearl tone phone for myself. When I do purchase another phone it will definitely be the scratch resistant white LG G2.

I decided on the LG 2 because of the camera.  The phone took blurry photos from the get go.  I returned the phone and got a new replacement phone.The LG G2 is taking great photos now and could not be happier with the purchase.The battery is nothing special. It will not last a full day if used regularly, then no phone will.  Good buy, you wont regret it.

Great phone, does everything I need it to do and more! I upgraded to this phone from an LG Revolution and i think I'll continue with LG devices. Prime example of why I love Android OS

It give a complete day with full charging , I will give a 5 star for this product,LG g2

This phone has everything I need and way more. Light weight, sensitive to touch (but not overly sensitive like the HTC Evo), better texting options, beautiful screen, wonderful camera, speakers get pretty loud, built in screen shot, very customizable. I thought the back buttons would be a little awkward but they are very comfortable and well placed. The T.V remote function is a little over the top but still extremely cool!!!! I have so much fun changing the channel randomly when my boyfriend isnt noticing!! Its really nice being able to look at your phone and know who texted you because of the color of the light flashing on the front. This is the best phone on the market!!

Great phone, incredibly fast and responsive. Great picture on the screen. Camera is incredible for a phone. It seemed a little large at first, but now i cant picture using anything smaller. I love it, would definately recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone.

Lived up to all my expectations I'm very happy I chose it. Fast, and battery life is great. I recommend to android fans.

Got a great deal through Black Friday.  So for the price it was great, especially since Amazon does not charge you tax on the full retail price of the phone like most places do.The GOOD:-Big, bright, clear screen.- Ability to add apps and different screens on the lock screen without having to unlock the device.-4G is really fast, I actually went over my limit when I stepped outside of wifi and the 4g took over and downloaded all the stuff I was trying to do with wifi. This was before I figured out that you CAN limit the amount of data your phone will use. Make sure to set it to a least 20MB before your actual limit that AT&T; gives you.. (i.e. 2gb limit with AT&T; means you should set it to 1.8gb limit on the phone to be safe)-Great camera with stabilizer.  Apparently this is why most of my pictures turn out VERY clear even if you're moving.  I'm not the selfie taking type so I'm not too familiar with the clarity of the front facing camera but it's still high end quality according to the specs.-Lots of great specs including the 32gb built in memory--Roughly 25 after android operating system is installed so they don't tell you that beforehand-IR Blaster--Love this feature. If you lose a remote, want a universal remote for all your household entertainment, wants to change the channel at a sports bar or just want to impress your friends... This is the thing to do it.  You can customize it by rooms too. So you can program every tv in your house and tell it in which room it's in. No need to insert 3 digit codes, the phone does all the work.-Built-in flashlight feature with a really bright light compared to other devices..--Will be easier with a shortcut added to your home screen and lock screen.-Makes every iphone, including the newest 5s look like a baby.The BAD:-Not a big deal but the box it comes in is ugly. LG did not do much to make the phone more appealing like Samsung and Apple do.  I suppose this may have helped with costs.-The design of the back buttons vs having them on the sides is difficult to get used to.. In fact it doesnt feel right even after having the phone for several months.  This may be a deal breaker for some.  It's even more awkward trying to take a screen capture (Center button and bottom button at the same time)-The battery specs are probably without any apps installed. Once you have apps installed and running you will see your battery life DRAIN.  So depending how many apps you have installed,  you may not be able to use this phone very long. Keeping it dim helps preserve battery though, but it makes it hard to see in bright light.  I managed to recently upgrade the software and I think it's 4.2.2 now and it has helped the battery.  I've only had it a day but it's significantly better results.--It's good to have a battery saving app (additional to the Battery Saver option that's already included) and to have your task manager shortcut to open up the ram and then close out any open apps periodically.  I also have the battery saver option on all the time and have adjusted my settings so that it kicks in automatically no matter what the battery level.- The phone heats up SO MUCH when you're playing any kind of game... even the small, light games.  I have a nice thick case so I don't feel the heat unless I touch the back of the phone where the buttons and camera are, so I can only imagine how difficult it would be to hold the phone for a long period of time when playing a game.- It's not as popular as the Samsung devices so accessories are limited, especially at low prices online, so you'll pay a few bucks more for a case.  In store you'll probably pay the same retail price but only bad/dumb shoppers pay full retail.- Not that great of reception, I'm assuming its because 4G is always activated.. So it's also a bad thing that you can't disable 4g and use 3g or even 2g (EDGE) for your phone calls.-The back case is NOT removeable.. at least not while maintaining your warranty.  This is a big negative because if you want to replace your own battery later on you may break the cover.-The memory is not expandable.  That's right you cannot add in more external memory with a microSD. I did not find this out until after I had bought the memory. I suppose with the 25gb of useable space it comes with you may do fine,but I like to have no boundaries to my memory.-----If you want to keep LG and don't mind a bigger phone, you can get the Optimus G Pro, this one does have expandable memory and I believe the back cover does come off

Amazing phone. Especially for the price that purchases it at. So many options. Super fast. Super amazing camera. Big but dosen't like huge. Would purchase again

Prompt shipping, good phone. An excellent option for an upgrade, especially nice after having the same phone for four years.

Loving this phone. I came from using an iPhone for 3 years, so I was nervous about switching. I'm glad I switched. I love the size of the screen, the ease of using the numbers without having to switch screens,like on iPhone, and the camera takes great pictures. The volume keys on the back are great; so much easier to use. I also love the knock on screen. On the iPhone you would have to use the power button to shut off the screen, but after two years on the iPhone, the button would no longer press down. The battery life is great too. Overall I am very impressed and happy with this phone.

I got this phone for my wife and the black version for myself. So far, no problems. Very zippy in terms of speed, screen is great, and the awesome AT&T; network in my area sure doesn't hurt. Of course, we are probably coming from a biased place as we had Sprint which in our area had no LTE coverage...I actually like the white version in terms of looks better than the black, but can't really explain why. I guess to my eyes it looks a bit more substantial...

Excellent phone. Super fast and super smart. Back buttons are weird at first but get better with usage. Plays gta sa very well, (shadows included). Large phone but an entertainment epicenter.

I love this phone.  It is amazing.  It is fast and.easy to learn.  It is very similar to the Samsung Galaxy.  The camera takes beautiful pictures.

I've owned Apple, Samsung, and HTC smartphones. This was my first and last LG, it lasted only a few days before the first light drop and the screen was completely cracked. Look up a drop test on youTube. The bezel is so thin on this phone the first light drop without a case on an edge and it cracks everything. I've never seen a phone break so easily. The really bad thing was the phone was unable to be used at all, I've had friends crack iPhone screens and they still respond to touch but not this as also shown in drop test videos. DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP. I "upgraded" (LOL) to this from an HTC M7 because of the 24 bit audio playback feature but it was totally worthless as the headphone jack is not amplified (powered) and cant drive a decent pair of headphones. This phone just sucks. It's very disappointing to waste an upgrade on a flagship phone from a big manufacturer and have something so unworthy of that status. LG should be ashamed for putting this phone out to compete with the likes of HTC, Apple, and Samsung. I will never by an LG phone again, this isn't worth the box it came in. F#%! LG

hi, I see lots of people complaining about the buttons on the back. I on the other hand, chose this over the two closest competitors because of it. I use my phone in pockets a lot so adjusting the volume in my pocket is very easy. Admittedly, until you get the case, you can trigger the button when setting it down but once the case is on, perfection!I really enjoy the large screen and video quality, I use it frequently with netflix and it is fantastic. Even the canned videos they provide show it off nicely.the only down side I see is the fact that I cannot delete some of the pre-installed applications. this takes me back to the days of buying a pc and finding crapware pre-installed on it. why consume my memory capacity for something I have no interest in? that is not fair.

The phone works wonderfully, its AT&T that I'm having a problem with. I can say they are trying to rectify the problem but it's always somethin.

This phone is fantastic. I finally made the switch from iPhone to an Android phone, being a heavy smartphone user and wanting more capabilities than were offered by the phone. The buttons on the back are cool. The screen size is great, but you do get that with a lot of Android phones. One of my absolute favorite parts of the phone is the battery, which is better than any Android phone I've ever seen (besides maybe the Note line). I went from charging my iPhone multiple times a day to easily having 50% late in the evening on the G2  (I still charge it every night because I do want to have it powered up all day.) I would highly recommend this phone to people thinking about getting an Android.

One thing I like about the lg g2 is the longer battery life I can go for the entire day without charging alot love it

I switched from a Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch with sprint to this phone for AT&T and I just love it! So glad I made the switch! The only thing about AT&T is that they don't have unlimited data like I had with sprint, but that's just fine since I'm on wifi 80% of the time anyways! Would definitely recommend this phone to a friend.

I ordered the white lg g2 on february 14th, and received it on february 18th. It is a truly wonderful phone, I actually considered the htc one first, because I had an htc, glad I changed my mind. I am having a  great time exploring the features on this phone. I was a little concerned the first two days that I had it because the battery had to be charged at the end of each day. I mentioned this to my grandson, and he checked the settings and told me the battery saver was not on. I have been texting and talking, and the battery is very impressive, didn't have to charge it for two days. So to the customers that complain about the life of the battery, make sure the battery saver is on. I'm still learning about the lg g2 and it is so much fun.

I was always one of the people who thought I needed a rooted samsung galaxy s# phone to feel like I was getting the most out of my phone. But the LG G2 made me re-think that. If you can get used to the power/volume buttons being on the back, I'd recommend this phone over the galaxy.

The match between battery and stock ROM is the best. I have gone to 80 hours between stand-by and heavy Internet usage.Everything else works smooth. The camera application that comes with it is awesome. Also the QuickRemote application.Really nice and smooth experience I&#8217;m having.

It is a good choice when you are boring to samsung or iphone. Nice material even it's plastic. It will be perfect If the size of screen smaller.

I bought this phone based on the hype and features. I wanted to try something other than a windows phone too, so I went with an Android system. Eh. One thing is certain, the battery on this thing runs down very quickly. I can set it down at 100% charge at night and next morning, it is at 23% or some such ridiculous percentage. Even this after stopping all activity including incoming data and applications. Just a royal pain. Sometimes the tapping of the screen doesn't work and after a few attempts, you end up using the on/off switch at the rear. The shutter response time on the camera is not very good either. Too many options from a phone that tries too hard. I said I'd never buy another LG product after the terrible vacuum I bought from them, but I should have taken my own advice. I'd go back to Windows in a second if it didn't mean I would be adding to the coffers of Bill Gates, whom I despise.January 10, 2014Well, I've had this phone for two months now. The tap on and off no longer works at all and if you can get the phone to stay lit for more than three seconds, you are doing good, but you defiitely have to use the back button.  It constantly wants to turn itself off. Turning the battery saver off saved some of the battery life. There are just too many options on this phone and not enough instruction. As far as I am concerned at this moment, it is a piece of garbage and now I have to wait another 22 months to get a new phone unless I pay $20 a month and end up paying $500 to $600 for a new phone in the long run. AT and T has you no matter which choices you make. The software for downloading is just something  you have to figure out on your own. I should have stuck to my promise to never buy another LG product after the crappy vacuum I bought from LG that left dirt everywhere even when you had cleaned all the possible points of blockage. Stick with your gut feeling about these newer electronics and ask yourself if you really need or really use all the functions that come with the phone, but that also increase the possiblities for something to go wrong as it has already done in just under two months.

omg omg omg what else is there to say. its a great phone a must have phone. i always had a samsung my last phone was th s3 and i love this one even more!!!

Looks,performamce and ease of use make this the perfect smart phone. I have the at&t version. Initial battery life is spotty until you turn off the bloatware and kill andrid system carrier iq (this needs to be done after any reboot btw. )  I intend on using this phone for the next 2 yrs. The screen is absolutely flawless. Make sure you add a screen protector and case !I would absolutely buy this unit again !

What's not to like about this phone except for the lack of SD card support. Not sure why in some markets(Korea I think) this phone supports 64GB, but not the US version of this phone! I just find this very odd. This just makes the point that nothing is perfect! :-) Still it is a 5-star phone.

I've owned a lot of cell phones over the years including every iPhone and I must admit this beats all of them by a long shot. It took me all of 2 minutes to get used to the controls on the back of the cell and now I love that feature.

LG G2 is the best Andriod phone I ever had. Battery life is awesome if you install juice defender and snapdragon battery guru apps. My phone lasted two days with out re-charging which was a wonder with an android phone. Display is the best and camera is very good. I think this is the best phone in the market if you compare with S4, 5s, etc.

I love this phone. Never thoguht to use LG but I reallt satisfied all things. Especillay Camera is awesome. Goood product.

Best cellphone I have EVER had BAR NONE. With the advent of smart phones I never really knew what I needed, nor did I know what it is that I would really ever use. After 4 years, I finally figured it out and after researching the current tech out there, I decided upon the LG G2. I have NEVER been more happy with a Cellphone purchase.I mainly use the phone for messaging, using the camera, and playing games.Messaing is a joy...the fact that I can change the background of the messages makes it really easy to remember who I am speaking with. Also the fact that I can assign a color (colored LCD alert system) to individuals makes it easy to see who is messaging me without turning the phone on.The camera is GREAT! I am currently using this phone on my business trip to Japan and the low-light pictures are turning out great. The different modes (Panaromic, VR Panoramic, Etc...) are a joy to use. Also the fact that I can take pics without unlocking my phone is a HUGE benefit.As a game machine, the Processor that is packing in this phone is AMAZING! Have NOT yet found a game this phone cannot run. It just plain works well with every game I play...(Plants vs Zombies 2, Avengers Alliance, etc...)Lastly, battery life...I have been taking pics, vids on trips to Tokyo and by the end of the day, in my hotel room, I have at worst 1/3 battery left. Great battery!

I love all about this phone except the front facing camera, it's not like the back one. But everything else is great. The tap still works good. had this for over a month now. easy to use chrome on it. I like the big screen for playing games and watching TV.

cool phone

The LG G2 has been called innovative.It has won design awards.However, it has failed to become a mainstream phone.I did a review 2 months ago comparing the HTC One and the LG G2. In this review I went over the basic differences between both phones. I didn't give a conclusion because I had the phone for two weeks and I had not customized it the way I wanted. This included rooting the phone and doing several tweaks.I will note the stock and tweaked versions of the review.Screen:Well, I'm two months in with the phone and this will be a full on review of the device. The first thing you'll notice about this phone is the 5.2 inch screen. It is a full HD 1080p IPS display with 423 ppi resolution. This is housed in a 5.45 x 2.79 x 0.35 frame. The G2 is one of the thinnest if not the thinnest bezel smartphone in the market. This makes the screen look rather large compared to same sized phones with larger bezels.The colors of the screen are overly saturated. This is something that has become common practice. It makes images pop and also makes images brighter and the cost of losing real life image quality. In no way is this phone supposed to replace a tablet or E-Reader, but as a commute reader, it will be more than adequate.The screen is also part of a new technology called Graphic RAM (GRAM), which caches an image when the screen is static. This means when the screen is not being refreshed on a new image, the CPU and GPU do not have to be used. This can enhance battery life, according to LG.Pros:1. Amazing screen to bezel dimensions.2. Good viewing angles.3. Good under sunlightCons:1. Over Saturated colorsBattery:The phone's non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery is one of the main reasons I switched from the HTC One. I often go out of my provider's reach. This causes the phone to search for a signal and drain the battery rather fast. Not only that, but I also leave the GPS, data sync (GMail, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, tumblr, LinkedIn, Google Offers, TuneInRadio, DropBox, Box, Google+) on, while using the MP3 player.On a regular 6 hour outing with reception coming in and out, using the camera,editing photos, uploading stuff to social media and listening to music, I would drain the battery about 40%. So the phone still has 60% of battery life left.Battery Tweaked:After rooting the phone I used a couple of ROMs and MODs.Currently, I am using furnace-0.0.7 kernel. This kernel has different optimizations which include tweaks to the voltages, CPU overclocking, fast charge, and battery extender among the many.While using all of the software above, I have managed to drain the battery 30% in 13 hours. Leaving the phone with 70% battery life.Pros:1. 3,000 mAh2. Need I say more?Cons:1. Not removable. Then again, you won't need to.Camera:No camera is perfect. In fact, all cameras have a compromise. This is especially true when it comes to mobile phones.The bad:The OIS on the 13-megapixel camera is not this good. In fact, the camera has had several issues. First of, the camera depends too much on software stabilization and denoising, it then uses the two-axis optical image stabilization and multi-point auto-focus to help produce a stable picture.Here is where the problem lies. Rather than using the hardware stabilization more and then the software, the pictures at times come out as if they were painted. This is more evident in night time photos. The over processing and software stabilization makes the pictures come out oddly Van Gogh-esque, which is not a compliment.Modes:The phone's software is very much like Samsung's Galaxy line. Click on Mode and it will give you a graphic example of what it does and an accompanied text explaining it.The best mode for daylight photos is Intelligent Auto (IA). However, for some reason, LG made the software default to normal.Now my questions is, if you taut IA as being a great feature and the best of all the camera settings, why not make it the default mode?Another issue with the way the camera software is that it doesn't keep the previous mode selected.For example, I'm at a sporting event and choose the Sports camera mode. I take a shot and go back to my home screen. If I want to take another photo, I have to go to Mode again because it goes back to Normal as default mode.Night mode and image stabilization are a problem on this phone. As stated above, since the phone depends on denoising software and stabilization first, and then the physical OIS, it softens the photos to a degree where it looks drawn.Click on the photos below to enlarge.Focus: Not for the rapid photographerOne thing you'll notice is that the focus on this takes a while. If you try to hurry the shot you will get something like this.This is just unacceptable performance from a high end phone's camera.However, don't let this discourage you.The Good:The rear volume - acts as a camera activator when the phone is on standby, it also lets your capture a photo once the camera app is up and running. I found this useful for taking candid shots.Multi-point Auto-focusThis is something I wish more companies would use. By letting the camera have multi-focal points you get a cleaner picture. And yes, some companies have used the multi-face tracker, but not on random objects.DaylightWhen there is a good amount of daylight, this camera is amazing. The shots are clean and clear. The colors are very accurate. It doesn't help that the screen also accents those opaque colors at times. Depending on the scenery, I usually pick between Dynamic Tone Range (HDR) or IA. The only time I pick Normal is when I don't have time for the menu.Either way, here are some shots: I use the Wide Angle setting which is 10 mega-pixels.Since you get 13 mega-pixels (10 for Wide Angle) you get a lot of details per shot. This enables you to crop and edit a photo without much loss of definition. It also allows details in depth.Camera Pros:1. 13 mega-pixels2. Quality under good lighting3. Intelligent Auto setting4. Volume (-) camera launcher and shutter.Camera Negative:1. Low light capture quality2. Focus set time3. Camera UI's lack of keeping the last Mode setting.Tweaked Camera:I've been using Xdabbeb's Camera Mod. This mod enhances focus times, night time shooting quality, overall image quality, it adds 1600 ISO and it lets hardware stabilization become eminent in the process. For information click on the link.Video:The version of the phone I have only has two noise cancelling microphones, which is ok, but could be better with three. Since the third microphone would have been in the back of the phone and capturing the audio from the front.The video above will go over the different video features.It's pretty neat that the camera is able to support 60 frames per second in daylight and well lit areas. This gives the recording a more realistic view and flow.This setting will only be available on 1080p.I wish they would have set it for 720p and lesser quality videos.By recording in 1080p 60 fps you will soon realize that the files are rather large. So be careful when filming videos that you do not fill the phone's drive.Asides from that, I noticed the video quality to be quite good. You get Normal, HDR Recording, Live Effect (which makes you have funny faces), Dual Recording (use both front and rear cameras in one shot) and Tracking Zoom, which is explained in the video.The Negative:The video camera lacks a clear focus. In some phones you are able to click on the screen and get a visual mark of where the video is trying to focus. Sadly, this phone doesn't have that. I've noticed that when I zoom in to an object at a distance, the video will quickly lose focus and become useless. This is something I wish they would fix.There's no slow motion.Tweaked:By using the same Xdabbeb's mod, we get more options in the settings menu. We are able to use 60fps in 720p videos. We also get better focus times and anti-shaking. This is on top of the OIS.Pros:1. Good Quality Video2. 1080p 60fpsCons:1. Lack of focus notification2. Digital Zoom and the lack of focus speed.Camera Overview:The camera's quality and details are great. It's a really good 13 mega-pixel camera if you are going to shoot landscapes, have the camera conveniently set up to take a shot, or are taking regular pics.The major problem I have with this camera are the focus times. They are horrible. That, and the optimized image stabilization algorithm. I mean seriously... if you have the hardware, depend on that rather than the software which is making most low-light photos come out as if they were oil painting.Audio:Phone now days have become more than just phones. They have become point-and-shoot cameras and mp3 players. This phone is able to playback MP3/WAV/FLAC/eAAC+/AC3/WMA files. They make a point in their presentation to mention this is the first smartphone on the market to feature 24-bit/192kHz hi-res audio playback.At that definition the sound is quite good. Especially if you have a good pair of headphones /earphones.The only drawback to this is that a regular track can be more than 100mb. The average person has about 3 hours worth of music on their phone. That would be a total of about 8GB-10GB.Calculations based on this scale.Storage:This is a perfect entry into storage. The US version of the G2 has a fixed 32GB hard drive. The drive on this phone is actually quite fast and sufficient for most.However, there is no expandable slot. This leads to the issue of why are you going to have a hi-res player when the hard drive space is limited? After all is said and done you get about 24GB of HD space. You add apps and cache storage and that's about 22-20GB left.CPU and RAM:The phone has a 2.26 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon&#8482; 800 Quad-Core Processor, which is the latest on the market. It also has 2GB of RAM. This is enough to power any top of the line phone and tablet.Buttons:Having the Volume +, Power On/Off , Volume - on the back of the phone has yet to be a negative. When I use my mobile phone, I usually have my index finger next to the camera lens. I realize it has taken some getting used to, but I like it.Features:KnockOn:The major software feature this phone has is the KnockOn feature. Tap the screen twice with your finger and it wakes up the phone from standby. It's a feature I use quite frequently when I have the phone on my car dock or bike dock.QSlide:This feature lets you use defined apps on top of your current screen. It's a feature I really have not used.QuickRemote:I found LG&#8217;s Quick Remote software to quite complete and easy to navigate. However, the IR Blaster is quite small and you have to point the phone directly into the TV.Final Impressions:The phone feels the same as a Samsung Galaxy S3/S4. It is made out of plastic and nothing on the phone is removable. Since the phone is mostly screen, I would recommend getting a case for it. If it falls chances are the screen will shatter. The G2 I possess has a silicon case that adds a bit of heft to it. This makes the phone feel sturdy on my hands. Also, choose the white version. The black version of this phone is a fingerprint magnet. Plus, the white phone looks nicer in my opinion.Do I like the phone?Yes, I do. The phone has many advantages: battery, screen, audio, and image quality.The two main negatives are the lack of expanding storage and the camera quirks.If you set your phone to create and use high quality media, you have to allow the capacity for it. It would have been easy to allow for a microSD slot like in the Asian markets.The camera suite leaves a bit to be deserved. In my opinion the HTC One has the best camera suite. The Zoe feature is amazing and something Android mobile manufacturers should imitate. Having said that, the image quality on this phone is amazing. I actually could go out and say it is in the top two in most Android categories.Overall, I would recommend this phone and give it an 8.5 out of 10.Pictures taken with the phone and edited with VSCO CAM or SnapSeed, Or PicSay Pro, or Pixrl-o-MaticFor photo samples go to my site robfactory . come
