
I will try to explain everything in a simple way.You got a 1080p screen. But you wont be able to save large files from pc. Kies crashes.Its fast. But you will only get lame android games.Its pretty. But people will tlsay that its too big.It has a 13mp camera. But photos are mediocre.It has many cool sensors but you wont use themIt has panorama photos but they look horrible.It has a fast internet. But you carrier will never give you that fast and unlimited data plan.It has 32gb. But will get filled with large low quality pictures.No mass storage mode with pcNo mp3 transfer via bluetooth.

i have just bought my phone.i don't need another phone any more..it ability is graet and very comportable.

Update: I found out it is indeed possible to change the device status from Custom to Official by using third party tools. I haven't tried doing an OTA update yet but I imagine it would work. Still one star for wanting to punish people who want to use their device.The phone itself is great. It's fast, it's slick, lots of storage what's not to like? Well, the manufacturers want to make it harder and harder to run custom roms and acquire root on your device.Here is a secret - root should not void your warranty. That would be like Dell denying a warranty on the simple basis that I wiped Windows and installed Linux (ignoring the fact that Dell does support Linux on a select number of, hidden, systems). (Update: or Dell denying warranty because I reset the password for the local Windows administrator account that I didn't have access to). Yes, installing new ROMs and flashing can brick the device, but Samsung, or any manufacture, should have a device to repair it if something goes wrong. If they don't then I would be highly suspect of their talent as people have been unbricking devices for years using JTAG. I understand that it falls out what normal operations would be - so charge a small fee (~$20) if you have to repair a bricked device due to rooting/flashing. Or an even better idea is a big red button that flashes everything back to factory specs (password protected naturally).In any case, whenever I get a new device I always get root. Not for nefarious reasons, but mainly because certain applications, like my one time password generators don't have a sync option so the only way to get them to a new device is to use titanium backup which requires root. Also, I use titanium backup to freeze the bloat that comes on the phone (seriously samsung?). This way they can't run and don't show up for updates. Low and behold, once I acquired root the updater said "my device was modified so you cannot have future updates". What the f is that??? Seriously. What middle manager decided that was a good idea? Instead why don't you say "look, you modified your device, this update may break your phone, are you sure you really want to check for updates?" Just let me accept the risk - god knows apparently you will do anything to snake out of repairing the device if a hardware failure actually happened.That's my rant and hopefully my review will convince power users to steer clear of this phone.

An awesome phone.

I got it for a friend for Christmas and it was there right on time before Christmas and she just love it !

The hardware is absolutely fantastic.  I have been won over by the plastic metal and leather look.  It's not cold to the touch and it looks high-tech and minimalist.Music & call sound quality is much better than my old Galaxy S3.  It's fantastic with Bowers & Wilkins P5 headphones.The screen is a dream - I can't look at smaller screens anymore.  This hits the sweat spot in terms of size.  Usable as a tablet and fits in my jeans pocket.The stylus note taking features are good.  Magically - it makes my handwriting look neat - which I never manage when putting pen to paper.I mainly use it for Email, Internet, Music, Kindle, Audible ... and I even use it as a phone from time to time ;-).I am very happy with my purchase!

First off, it's important to note that I migrated from an iPhone 5, I have been an iPhone user for 3 years (had the 4, 4S and 5) and a mac user for 5 years, I also have an iPad, therefore it's safe to assume that I have heavily invested in Apple's ecosystem. In ways I do miss my iPhone (I still have it, haven't let it go just yet), but in other ways I don't. More on that later.REGIONAL LOCK:But before I talk about my post-iOS experience, I'd like to make one thing clear about the regional lock. I have researched this issue extensively before buying my Note 3 as I travel around a lot and need to use different SIM cards, so I directly contacted different sellers on amazon to make sure the phone is truly unlocked, and i ended up buying it from "Mercate Group" after confirming with them that the phone doesn't have a regional lock. I tried a US AT&T; sim card and an Egyptian sim card and they're both working fine. I always prefer to buy from sellers that are fulfilled by Amazon (if the product isn't offered by amazon themselves), because if there are any issues, you're just one amazon CS phone call away from solving the problem. Amazon have an exceptional customer service. So conclusion: most phones come with a regional lock now but apparently Samsung realized that it will backfire on their behinds. Solution: contact the seller before you buy the phone.WHY I MIGRATED FROM iPHONE, WHAT I MISS, WHAT I DON'T:Well, as I mentioned earlier, I've heavily invested in Apple's ecosystem and I have to admit that their ecosystem is simply amazing, the seamless integration between your mac, iPad and iPhone, iCloud, restoring backups is an easy process, etc.. Then I really started getting bored of iOS and its lack of customizability, also the iPhone's small screen, especially when I first saw the Note 3 and put my iPhone next to it; the note basically dwarfed the iPhone. I do a lot of reading on my phone and the bigger screen does all the difference. Now you're thinking "but what about one-handed operation?", well I have fairly big hands so it doesn't bother me as much, I can still text while driving (let's face it, we all do it) and samsung has an item in their settings called "one handed operation" just for that. But if you're a person with small hands and plan on using it one handed, that will be impossible.WHAT I MISS IN MY iPHONE-iMessage, FaceTime, iCloud and most of all: iTunes.I didn't truly appreciate iTunes until I had to use Samsung Kies (Samsung's equivalent for iTunes). Think of the Kies as a punishment rather than a software solution. It's Samsung's way of punishing you for all the sins they assume you've done. It's painful to use and it's the biggest reason why I miss my iPhone. I have all my music on iTunes and it's such a shame that I have to use drag and drop to transfer music to my Note 3 like it's 2002 or something.-Music and photo viewing: iOS' music interface is like no other, it's the best in the business and no one will ever take away that from them. End of. iOS 7 has a great timeline when it comes to the gallery too.WHAT I DON'T MISS IN MY IPHONE-The screen: albeit slightly oversaturated, the Note 3's screen is simply unparalleled, I can do a lot of reading and not feel eye strain-The battery: the note 3's battery is slightly better (it's a bigger battery but it's an octa core phone with a mammoth screen)-The lack of customizability: this is android's strongest point and there are endless widgets and ways in which you can make the phone suit your needs-Restricted sharing: let's say you wanna send a photo using whatsapp; in iOS, you need to do it through whatsapp whereas in android you can do it directly from gallery. Yes, in iOS you can share a photo directly from gallery but only by mail or iMessage or AirDrop aka the ways Apple WANT you to use, because they want to trap you in their ecosystem.I will not go into details when it comes to the note 3 itself, many other reviews covered that extensively. But in all, the phone is smooth, has a beautiful screen, camera is good although the iPhone's camera is faster, S-pen is useful but you won't use it as much as you think. Has nice features you probably won't need (air gestures, smart scroll, etc..) they're nice to have but meh.I've only had the phone for 2 weeks so I'm still yet to decide if I'll completely let go of my iPhone or not.

Been a Note 2 user for a long time.  When the Note 3 was announced, there were rumors that the phones were programmed for specific regions.  Meaning, SIM cards for that region worked on the units built for that region.  I thought that was a dumb move from Samsung if they did that.I got my unit from Amazon and have it shipped here in Manila, Philippines.  Stuck my local Telco sim card and it works.  Migration from the Note 2 to the Note 3 was a breeze.  It was done in a matter of less than an hour.  Only issue was migrating from the old S Note to the new S Note.  Other than that, am happy with this unit.  Power consumption seems to be better than the Note 2.  But I got the Zerolemon battery and case as I know the stock batteries won't last a day without a recharge.

First of all I do not get why people put the size of the phone as a negative. Everyone already knows before buying that the phone is huge!!! Secondly, the cover at the back, people who do not know much about these smart phones now a days, looked at my phone and was amazed how beautiful and expensive it looked. Lastly, the price well its a newly release phone, price will be high, you can wait 6 months or more, to get a better deal, unlike me I wanted now, price did not matter.IF you are new to Samsung Galaxy line, you have to spend extra few minutes getting to know your phone and how to use features and how it can make your life simple.Now to the phone it self, battery life is amazing, i have yet to play a whole day on it to see the battery life. But as a normal usage, calls, txts, emails, facebooking, and youtube the Battery is yet to go below 80% by the end of my day, due to at work, maybe in the weekend will play with it more and see and update. Screen is beautiful, displays are crisp and clear. I watched Hulu, Netflix and Youtube, very fast response, plays all the Videos smoothly without any hitch on the T-Mobiles 4GLte network with 2 -3 bars of signal inside my Apartment (Yet to try with full blown Wifi connection). This is where the 3GB RAM kicks in to make using this phone flawless. The S-Pen at its very best, its fits snuggly and i like that you can just put the pen in, its not like Note 2 where it can only go in one way. The features which comes with S-Pen is wonderful, S-Finder, S-Note. People who make use of all the features available makes this phone power pack full blown Tablet. Camera is wonderful, amazing features packed in with 13 mega pixel! I have read people complaining about the volume on Note 3, I watched Netflix, Hulu & Youtube, with the phone placed good 12 - 18 inches away from me, And i could hear everything clearly.To me this phone / Tablet is amazing!!!!! In my apartment, I do not have no laptop, no TV, no cable and no internet connection. With T-Mobiles unlimited high speed 4GLte, My Note 3 is everything to me! I catch up on my shows on Hulu and watch movies on Netflix.If any one has additional questions about the phone I will be happy to answer.Again, If you are new to Samsung Galaxy line, you have to spend extra few mins getting to know your phone and how to use features and how it can make your life simple.

very good excelent productSamsung Galaxy Note 3 III N900 32gb Black Factory Unlocked Android Cell...Samsung Galaxy Note 3 III N900 32gb Black Factory Unlocked Android Cell...

Very Good Phone, Powerful but I still don Get it, why without LTE conection?. Resume. Good One by Samsung Recomended

So, this is suppose to be the best phone Samsung have to offer.  I have this for four months and here are few things went wrong.GPS problems.  If I am using Google Maps or any other navigation app, After 5-10 minutes phone announces &#34;GPS signal lost&#34;.  Samsung and att troubleshooted this many times but no result.At&t; rewrite the whole program, no fix then changed the phone to another Note 3, still have the same problem.  One of the employee actually told me that changing phones is not going to solve the problem.  Samsung is aware of this issue and working to fix it with an update.Samsung's stupid recommendation was to remove all apps that require location services so it wont interfere with GPS.  HAHA!!Then I Google the GPS problems with Galaxy Note 3 and found out many users have this issue.  So my recommendation is if you are using it for gps, stay away from it.Samsung customer service sucks big time!!

I had the galaxy note 2 for a while, and i drop itSince I had a great experience, i choose note 3 over iphone 5sIt has better response than note 2, and the screen is more vibrantPlease note that unlock phone usually is not intended to be sold to United StatesMost likely the plug you get will not fit the power plug socket here. You need to buy a power plugHowever, the USB cable is universal.

I love this phone; it has many useful features, especially the ability to screen write, edit photos, draw, and more. Unfortunately I found out too late that the phone is not capable of utilizing the 4G or 4G LTE systems. As seen in other reviews (too late) this model is not capable of using the higher speed bands. Other than that, I've been happy with the phone itself.

I have had this phone for 2 weeks now and so far is amazing. I just put my sim chip and worked perfectly. I live in Costa Rica btw.

At first the screen size and interface was hard to manage. Generally I felt overwhelmed. But after a long day of organizing and customizing, I'm getting used to it. The pen really makes the difference for me, since I doodle a lot samples of doodle [...]Biggest problem I faced was the home button. Iphone takes 2 clicks to manage open apps, but the note 3 takes you to the the voice (siri alternative) app. For the note you have to press and hold to manage open apps.tips: if you want to transfer all of your iphone notes to the note3, get GNotes. It was a smooth transfer with no problems.

In my humble opinion, this phone is without a doubt the most gorgeous and capable phablet out there today, hands down.  Not going to go into the specs, you can google and read for yourself.  It's definitely a man's phone, meaning it's big, it has an outstanding clear vivid screen, battery life is excellent, more  apps than you can imagine and the S pen makes texting and other daily functions a breeze and fun.  Samsung got it right!  I strongly urge you to consider upgrading to this phone, you won't be disappointed.

This is a good phone to use for work and that u can see every thing bigger than the galaxy s4

I bought this device at AT&T store, lured by all the bells and whistles, but mostly the size I desperately wanted. My iPhone 4S steady, consistent, but becoming boring. I switched, what a nightmare. First it comes populated with a huge array of apps, all requiring a personal info,  Next the ringer despite numerous attempts didn't work and sent all calls straight to voicemail. Next the emails are separated by different apps where I used to be able to see all in one spot. Messaging became suddenly cumbersome because emoticons aren't a keyboard option, but a separate app to stop your text, find emoticon go back, annoying!!!!!!  Finally music and contact sync never complete and forget about transferring iTunes and iPhoto's iCloud !!!!!! Disjointed and frustrating.  Lots of bells and bells and whistles, zero intuitive use.  By the way, you'll need a manual, this isn't plug and play if you're coming from an iPhone. I'm going to return it, ASAP.

The Note: This is an edit of my review of the Sprint version.First Appearances: Oh yes, the phone is notable, no question about it. It is huge, and while I realize that the size is the whole appeal for some there is no getting around the inconvenience of holding that 5.7 inch electronic mammoth to an ear for making a call. Which is its primary function, after all. I am no ogre; I have medium hands, and two-handed operations rule with this device. I am also digging my Jawbone Bluetooth headset out of retirement. This incarnation is actually both thinner and lighter than the Note 2. Still, I would have preferred a narrower, shorter phone, with the stylus. For now, I carry it in my coat pocket, while I wait for the slew of cases to hit the market. The phone features a faux leather backing with stitching all around it. It is tacky, but it works, and may even seem elegant from certain vantage points. It is better by leaps and bounds than the plastic looks of the Note 2. I have long disdained Samsung products for the simple reason that the company has no concept of style. Its phones - especially of late - actually have some really innovative ideas and groundbreaking software, but are housed in the cheapest-looking hardware to be found. Plastic is great for toothbrushes and combs. Not so much for mobile phones.The hardware: The Note 3 comes in either 32GB or 64GB. I opted for the former since, unlike Apple's monopolistic tendencies, Samsung permits users to add an SD card up to 64 GB for extra capacity. The box comes with some a white set of headphones which work quite well for making and taking calls. However, thanks to Samsung's thoughtlessness, I will not be using it for work since the color is rather loud. The set itself features a very powerful 13 megapixel camera, and a front-facing 2 megapixel camera for chats and self-portraits. It also features several convenience buttons embedded in silver on the device: a volume button, a power button which can also be used to silence the phone, and a home button. The USB 3.0 jack is somewhat disconcerting since at first blush it looks like it is incompatible with a regular micro USB cord. But never fear, a standard micro USB cord will charge the phone, albeit at a lesser speed than the included USB 3.0 cord. Depress the home button twice, and Samsung's Siri junior will be ready to take orders. It is not as sassy or as useful as Siri on the iPhone, but I do not regret the divorce. As promised, technical details are not discussed at any length, but the phone is blazing fast.The battery: This deserves its very own section, as this is one area where this phone truly excels. A cellphone is only as good as its battery. The iPhone 5 was a bitter disappointment for me. 6 hours of moderate use was enough to drain the battery to the point that charging was necessary. In fairness, my experience does not appear to be typical, since two co-workers can go all day on their iPhones. Sprint's lackluster network connection means that my phones constantly search for network connection, especially indoors, and I imagine that wreaks havoc on the battery. The Note 3 cannot be beaten for battery life on the Sprint network. I only need to charge it after 12 to 15 hours of moderate to heavy use; enough for complete liberation from a charger while at work. This feature is critical for me; a lawyer must have a device with a powerful enough battery to survive a day spent in court away from the office.The software: Samsung has matured as a software developer. Although many of its software applications and innovations on the phone appear little more than gimmicks, the Note 3 is replete with a profusion of software that a user will doubtlessly appreciate. The camera comes in many clever modes. There's the Knox application which either allows the IT department at any office to isolate office information from personal information, or which just allows the user to deposit media files and such to a secured location that requires a password for access. There's the screen mirroring which allows one to `mirror' anything on the Note 3's screen on a different device like on a computer monitor or flat screen TV. There's the remote control application that permits the user to quickly and easily program the phone to serve as a remote for all electronic devices including the cable box, DVD/Blue Ray Player and TV. The remote application even allows different remotes within the application for different rooms. Flicking a finger from the bottom of the phone upwards presents an amalgamation of news events. Waving a hand over the phone while it is sleeping reveals stats such as the time, missed phone calls, emails and texts; a subtle enhancement. Depressing a tab to the right of the screen produces a menu from which a user can select two seperate apps for simultaneous viewing. Using this feature, for example, one can fire off an email browsing the internet, or watching a youtube video on the same screen at the same time. The tab can be moved to the left of the screen if it proves to obtrusive, or can be gotten rid of all together by pressing the back button.The Stylus: The stylus, for me, is not a gimmick. I am forgetful, and jotting down quick notes on my phone is an added boon. Pulling out the pen activates the `Air Command' feature; a fan shaped menu that presents a variety of options, to wit: Action memo, Scrap booker, Screen Write, S-finder and Pen Window. Action memo had the most potential, but Samsung crippled it by not allowing the flexibility to manipulate notes in any manner. For example, writing down a number and name will allow you to save it contacts. Writing down an email address will allow you to quicky send an email to that address. But I cannot write a quick note, cut and paste it into an email, and fire it off. For that, I would need the 'S Note' application which is a much better option from a practical standpoint, but which is not featured in the Air Command menu.Advantages: The main advantages this phone enjoys over the iPhone particularly are: 1) Removable battery, which is not to be taken lightly; it is disheartening to find so many makers towing Apple's line and making batteries that cannot be removed from the phone. This eliminates the option of swopping the battery if it becomes weak or if it is drained during travel; 2) A standard micro USB will charge it; 3) An SD card will increase its capacity. An added advantage (over other phones, but not the iPhone) is its potential use as an international phone. There was a brief scare when it appeared that Samsung had hamstrung the device by only making it usable in the region purchased. For Samsung, this would have been equivalent to purchasing a high caliber pistol, taking careful aim, and shooting itself in the foot. Samsung has since clarified that it only requires that the phone be first activated in the region that it was purchased, and then it would be possible to use SIM cards from other regions. This fact still generates resentment, as it should, since when one purchases a phone, one expects to be able to use it wherever he or she pleases. Another annoyance is that after hitting 'talk' in answering a call, the device still asks whether you will accept the call or send it to voice mail. This unexpected step has caused me to miss a few calls, and I have yet to figure out how to deactivate it.Final Impressions: The phone handles calls with clarity and is blazingly fast. It is by no means 'the Blackberry experience' I previously described. Until Samsung learns that consumers like both form and function in a device, it will never maximize its full potential. Their devices have been entirely lacking the appeal that would render their devices the iconic artifacts that iPhones are. The Note 3 is close to being an exception to the rule; as garish as its fake leather might seem, it is still the best looking of their devices. My main gripe is the sheer size of the phone. Most would appreciate a more manageable form factor, narrower in width and perhaps shorter in length.The Bottom line: The Note has matured into a flagship phone, able to take in corporate and personal life with equal alacrity. Its powerful and removable battery will make it a favorite choice of intrepid travelers, and its huge screen allows it to bridge a gap previously unnoticed between phones and tablets. I would have rated it at 4.5 but that option seems unavailable. I will edit this article in days to come.

Needs better instructions, Also, the store giving connections (att) was not ready to help. But keep it is and all will be well

Why some people just hate Samsung and write bad reviews?This is the best ever...there is no iPhone that is better than this, far more superior than all other devices

amazing phone, the screen is big enough to watch a movie and small enough to fit in your pocket (big pocket).switched from apple to samsung and i'm never going back.

I got this beast few days ago. It is fast, smooth and has so many features like temperature sensor, multi-apps, detects the pen out of holster, great gesture features. Writing with pen is just like real pen and paper, battery life is loooong. The phone itself is so light yet so powerful. Display quality is amazing. I used the original note for 2 years and loved it. Note 3 makes that phone look like a  dumb phone.

I got this phone and everything was great for 10 days. After 10 days it got to work weird. It froze to a black screen a couple of times and took a while to come back to life. Then, it came a software update. I updated it at night and went to bed when finished. the next morning the phone was completely dead! I tried hard reset but nothing I did could bring her back to life. I couldn't power on anymore. When I plugged it in, it didn't show any indication of charging. Then I shipped it back to SHOPEBEST. They waited 2 weeks to recover my phone from their warehouse. They never gave me a satisfactory explanation about my questions. Finally on the 3rd week they tried to flash it. But they said it didn't work. So I demanded a new phone or refunding. They said that I had messed up the software... It is unfair. I treated the phone like my baby. The phone was absolutely defective. But the seller rejected to exchange the phone or refunding. I don't know what they did with my phone but the seller doesn't reply me anymore and doesn't give my defective phone either. I feel cheated. I filed a claim. I hope amazon backs me up....

Like the shape and colour. Bigger screen. Light and thin. Most people use this phone. Can have a memory card

This is my 3rd Note. I have the Note 1 phone and the 10.1 3g tablet.  A Note is a Note and Samsung rocks. You all know that so I won't bore you with any technical details.I've read a lot of comments about the regional lock problems that many customers have been having with this phone and when mine would not work I just assumed that that was my problem. After telling off everyone I could get a hold of at Samsung, I contacted Wireless Everything and some kind and patient employee tried to walk me through many problem solving steps. None of those worked so he (?) suggested that I try the sim in another phone. The sim did not work in my colleague's S4 but his sim worked in mine without a problem.I went back to my carrier to change the micro-sim and they advised that they would give me a regular sized sim and cut it to fit the slot. According to them, that works better for some phones rather than a micro sim. I am very pleased to say that everything is working as expected.

because this cell phone is too much good is featuare in thats why i like this cell phone.my brothers & friends alos like it

I got my black Note 3 N900 model from Wireless Everything (provided A+ service and fast free shipping). Previously had gotten the N9005 model from AT&T and it was a bad experiance...the phone was full of bloatware and AT&T through in the kitchen sink to slow it down to the point where it was almost unresponsive at times (glad i returned that sucker while i was still in my 14 day return period). So then I decided on getting the N900 model unlocked with less bloatware and let me tell you, its so much faster! Believe it or not, the N9005 Snapdragon 800 version does not respond as fast as this N900 Octacore version. I even noticed my unlocked N900 went through 3 series of updates while the N9005 from AT&T and T-mobile have no updates. I think the unlocked versions get updates sooner and guaranteed. While the operators slow/block/and limit updates. I remember a lot of lag with the carrier version of the N9005...touchwiz even crashed on me one time saying "Touchwiz has stopped working" and had to restart the phone. Battery life is also longer on this N900 version. I can live with out 4k video...1080p video and 13 megapixel stills that are as good as some point and shoot cameras will do just fine.  Lastly, while its true that the N900 model does not have LTE, 3G speeds and HSPA+ are sufficient any Youtube, Pandora etc. You can't even get the LTE version that works in the U.S. unlocked on Amazon (only the carriers have those)...the other LTE version on Amazon will only work on LTE frequencies in Europe, which are different from those in the U.S. of A. So in short, if you want a good clean unlocked Note 3 that will work in the U.S. without any "Regional SIM lock" issues, get the N900 version. I popped in my Lycamobile SIM card in and it worked right away...$29 Unlimited Talk, Text, and Data with Lycamobile.com (no contracts and transfer your number too).

they get your money every year by little change by size and tech. samsung is lazy now. really tired with note serious, use them just because no other better choice,but this year there will be a lot big screen phone come up and,if note 4 under 6.1 will not buy them again.they have mega 6.3 is really good,but no next follow. samsung like a dead company. just saw S5 come up ,shame with samsung,no big approve again. this company is going down. will be far away from this company,if they do not respect us.

I didn't received this item, so I don't know how good it was.Everything when on to bbe poor. I don't think I can Making business with saller for the second time.

Very happy with the purchase - fast shipping and easy to set up. Plugged in my AT&T Sim card from my old phone and I was up and running in no time.

Where is a set of instructions for us 'older users' - you know those who did not grow up with txt messages. Love it, but wish there was a set of instructions (in larger print) for those like me.

I've only had this device a couple days but so far so good, it's easy to learn to use even if your switching from OS to android.

WHAT A JOKE!!! FIRST DAY I GOT IT, IT DOES NOT RESPOND WHEN I SLIDE MY FINGER . WHEN I TAKE A PICTURE, IT TOOK SEVERAL SHOT TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE.  THE SOUND SYSTEM IS HORRIBLE AND IT NOT LOUD TO HEAR PHONE CONVERSATION ESPECIALLY IN THE RESTAURANTS OR FOOTBALL GAME.WHEN THE PHONE RING, SOMETIME IT DOES NOT RESPOND WHEN I TRY TO ANSWER THE PHONE.WHEN I TOUCH THE SCREEN WITHOUT SWIPING MY FINGER, SOMETIME IT MOVE LEFT OR RIGHT.  I WENT THROUGH  5 NEW REPLACEMENT IN 3 WEEKS AND STILL HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM.

I do not have any negative issues with this phone I have owned it for 2 months so far.  Call quality is good very powerful, nice screen.

I love Samsung product, that's why I bought the note 3 so far it's everything I expected.  I've been telling all my friends and family to get it.

I bougth this phone from t-mobile, i previously had an HTC one. and i have to say that i deeply regret this change. First of all, the phone has many bugs, the software is very buggy and the battery don't last as long as people are describing it. Second, despite having the latest processor and 3gb of RAM, i have noticed the phone hesitates at times, and applications take a lil bit to load or complete processes. Third, and i realize this is a software issue, the phone leaves all apps open and running on the background, and that consumes huge amounts of memory and resources, also decreases the battery life considerably. Fourth, the sound on this device is plain simple Mediocre!!, the botom speaker produces awful sound quality and very low volume, that' to me is unacceptable for a $700 phone. Expect some heat when working with the phone, and don't get to excited about the apps and &#34;cool features&#34; since they do not work in real life like they do on commercials. The only relatively good thing about this phone, and doesn't work up to its potential due to big software bugs is the screen, the screen produces beautiful colors and very high brightness, the problem is that even with the auto screen brightness and all the other fueatures that have to do with it off, the phone still dims the screen while you're working with it, and i've read online that it is due to an internal sensor that detects the temperature of the phone, and dims the screen to lower the tem, that is the most annoying thing i've ever experienced with a device.And finally, the phone interface looks like a toy, i don't know if i percieve  this because i got used to the HTC one sence interface which in my opinion is the cleanest and better looking among many high end phone out there.Conclusion, if you really wanna get this phone and try it out, do it and always see if you can return it to the seller in case you don't like it, which is very likely if you prefer a cleaner and better phone. I think that people who get this phone rate it good, becuase on their minds they are trying to justify why they spent $700 on a phone that performs and has bugs like this one.

Dont buy this phone if you are actually looking for the real Samsung Note 3Don&#8217;t be fooled by reading international version, it has inferior CPU compared to Note 3 US version!!!, and doesn&#8217;t support 4G!! &#8211; I agree that this phone is sold in other countries, but what is the point in spending in so much money when you can&#8217;t enjoy the latest speed and higher processing power . 1.3 GHZ is so much less CPU compared 2.3 quad core CPU the  US versioncarrier version have (Even the note 1 , 3 year old phone has 1.4 GHZ) . This is an attempt to rip off people who are not well aware of what they are getting !!

I got this as an easter gift and the LCD was broken and there was a little chip in the glass under the plastic when I opend the box. I'm in the process of returning the device and hopefully order a new one that isn't broken..

I upgraded from the Note 2 to the Note 3.  The video/pic quality is outstanding and it gives you a drop box to setup so when you take a pic you can have it post to facebook. The processor is nice, opening and closing apps very smooth and quick.  One issue that I had was trying to buy an additional charging cable for it, because the end that plugs into the phone is a split connection,  so I would have one at home and one at work, tried sprint, verizon and best buy but nobody is carrying them yet.  I then found out that you can take a micro charger, which I used from the old Note two, and connect to the one side and it charges the phone just fine.  I was told that the other side is used for data and not to charge the phone.  This is a nice phone and little tablet.  I use it for school work, there is an app kingston office and it takes my handwriten notes and converts it into text for a word document, powerpoint or excel.  My handwritting is pretty bad but this converts perfectly.

This phone is actually what I was expecting, big HD screen, fast processor and great camera (though is a little bit slow, but has great resolution).If you want it to play some games, like PVZ or Dead Trigger, phone usually heats up, I've heard some rumors on people using iPhone, that when the phone overheats the wifi starts to connect/disconnect and suddenly doesn't connect anymore, so I suggest try not to overheat this phone (or buy a tablet :-P ), I'm not saying it will have the same issue than iPhone, but you can consider the fact.

realy good phone. The last one in technology. I love it. also with the watch, is amazing. i love it

Awesome phone, just can not use it overseas. I am an American serving oversea in Africa. I purchased the phone from Amazon. I was so excited when it arrived. When I put my local SIM card, I received a SIM unlock code request. At first, I thought is would not be a problem. It has been two weeks and still cannot get the phone to work. I went to local Samsung service center and they were absolutely clueless. I called USA Samsung tech support, they said sorry, we can't help you, you have to see your carrier. I told them my phone does not have a carrier associated with it. I did go to several local carriers but that was fruitless. After further research on the intenet, I found out that the first SIM card you put in the phone has to be from the region you bought the phone. Really? I did not see that anywhere in manuals. So Samsung, what should I do? Hop on a plane from western Africa go to the United States to unlock my phone, and that's not even guaranteed because I have already put a foreign carrier SIM card in the phone which makes it even harder to unlock the phone. Samsung is the only company doing this, all because they want to make more money. Samsung, you're telling me you're not making enough money?For what it worth, I am returning the phone for a refund. I will be ordering another brand since the market is full of new phones. I have advised others at the American Embassy of this issue so they don't make the same mistake. I found out today that the word is getting around at other embassies in the area are they are aware of this issue. I received several emails today from them thanking me for forewarning them.Good Job Samsung! What is going to be your next trick?

Keep the way galaxy .. you the best .. it's a high technical  phone, deserve this price .. like it

Note III is definitely a great phone, no doubts about it...it runs on android 4.4 kitkat...it is a very smooth and fast phone...

I shipped this to India and it worked just perfect. I have purchased unlocked phones from this seller before and had no issues at all.

Had the Note 2 and this one it's thinner, works awesomely faster and better cam in btw. Works on Costa Rica with ICE as carrier

I also bought this for a friend. I didn't do much with it because it was going overseas. They say it is the best on the market right now. To me as a guy, it is a little to big.

I love the big screen real estate which is super sharp and vibrant, no screen defects, phone is sturdy and tight, strong build!I love the fact its comes with a massive 32gb internal memory and you can drop and drag all types of media files to it without going through a &#34;program&#34;, thats what killed the iphone for me, the simplicity of media swapping..Also unlike the iphone, the note 3 does real multi tasking.. i can watch a video(music/movie or show) and at the same time browse the internet/facebook or instagram! Its like a pocket computer!!Android is still the best.. if you want a compact, small/simple underpowered smart phone which does only simple things.. get a iphone, but if you want a powerful multitasking/multimedia super power phone get this one! And btw the screen is huge, but the phone is really thin and small.. i have a &#34;arirang french bumper&#34; case which protect the screen and body!

Yes is perfect i recomend to anibody the battery has good time to use with videos and the price is goog

Great buy..fast delivery I'm happy..this phone is great I can do every thing with it..I hardly use my laptop. Thumbs up

Bought this a few weeks ago! Came in excellent condition, works great and even got a few extras with it! (charging case and a Belkin case) I would recommend this seller because they are trustable and the sender definitely know how to pack a package and send it on time! Love the phone! Have not had any major issues yet! Thank you so much!

NOTE:  Samsung gets 0 stars, the phone gets 5 stars, even 6.The Note 3 is awesome, but customers should be upset over the SIMM lock on it, and NOT get this N9000 model.  The N9005 or a carrier model is the only way to go.This international version is not for US users or even US users who travel. If you are not a traveler forget the comments about it being region locked.I still say 99.9% of all people who get the Note 3 could not care less if the international version is region locked.  However, this model, if you expect to use it in other countries has resulted in a thousand problems, literally. The phone is neutral but when it is activated the SIMM locks in the region and you cannot use it elsewhere.  Do not think "unlocked" means you have magical usage.  There is NO universal phone (except for spies), although some phones use other country SIMM cards -- but not this one!  I get a US carrier phone, travel internationally, and keep my phone in airplane mode and use WIFI or get a phone card.Get the scoop.  Do a search for XDA-Developers dot com, and go to the site. This is where the big boys and girls hang, for programming, not dumb questions.Type in Galaxy Note 3 in the field for the phone you desire.In the Forums, go to galaxy note 3 general.Search down the page to the thread "SIMM restrictions on unlocked European Note 3."  This thread has over 1300 posts.  Yes this is a big problem.Read the first half dozen pages and the last 10 pages, but also check especially posts 1041 through 1045, and pages 117 and 18.This N9000 phone is the international or European version. It was released 2-3 weeks prior to the US versions, it is NOT LTE it is 3G; it has a different CPU -the Samsung Exynos 5 processor, not the Qualcom Snapdragon 800. US residents should not get it.  We need to get a phone activated for our respective carriers, which changes the last digit of the number. Search Amazon for the Note 3 for your carrier.  Notice the different last digit.Amazon may be confusing people by not listing the phone for what it really is and they need to change that in the title of the phone.  The black version does say 'International" in the title and so should the white one.Now, down to business.First, I am not affiliated with Samsung in any way, nor do I work for a cell phone store.  I am a writer though.Secondly, I hate long reviews where the poster just reports the specs you already have.  Rather, these comments show why the Galaxy Note 3 is more technologically advanced, and more phone for your money, compared to the many good phones on the market today, and the not so good phones, like the cave phone (that's what I call it) that does nothing.1.  The beautiful  5.7" Super Amoled HD display has a "Wow!"  factor.  Everything is crisp and clear with a resolution of 1920 x 1080P, 386 PPI.  Despite a few good contenders, no phone on the market can match the combination of vibrant color, and deep blacks.  Check it out for yourself.  For those who prefer drab, you can even adjust color intensity and contrast.Is this practical?  You bet.  You get more viewable data for all social networking apps;  you can see more email and contacts without scrolling; browsing is quick and pages more visible; YouTubes and video are fantastic; games are more playable; you can see larger areas on GPS maps;  you get a better view of radar in weather; (live) wallpapers look great; you can use it as a reader; you can multitask with it; and with the right productivity apps you can even get some work done on it.  I will never go back to a small screen phone.2.  The CPU in the US versions is the quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 @ 2.3, which is the fastest processor on the planet as of this time.  It will perform well for years to come.  A few other phones have it.  The international version uses the Samsung Exynos 5 processor. It also has another quad core processors making it octa core, but it is still not quite as fast as the Snapdragon.3.  The Adreno 330 GPU is the best on the market, a few other phones have it.  It is 50% faster than the Adreno 320 in the Galaxy S4 which is a screamer.4.  It's the only phone to come with 3 GB of DDR 3 RAM.  It also comes standard with 32 gigs of storage  and you can add more with an SD card.  Note: No extra charges for these!5.  It has a great 13 megapixel camera with useful software, a BSI Sensor, Smart Digital Stabilization and high CRI LED.  Very few phones have this.  It is also the only phone to  do 4K video right now - sharp!6.  No other phone has USB 3.0.  2 advantages: the phone charges very quickly on the 2 amp charger and nice thick cable.  File transfer times are faster.  With USB 3.0, a 2 gig file takes 27 seconds from the Note 3 to my (high end) PC.  With USB 2.0 the same file takes 57 seconds.7.  How many phones have an S Pen?  Except for email and quick notes, I seldom used the S Pen on my original Galaxy Note, but the Note 3 comes with some useful software making it more functional,  and the handwriting recognition is scary accurate.8.  How many phones have a huge 3200 mA battery?  It easily lasts all day with moderate to heavy use despite the large screen.  Hardware and software improvements make the 100 mA bump over the Note 2 even more significant.  You can also open the back and change out the battery - unlike some phones.9.  It does infrared remote control.  It also has TV-out (via MHL  A/V link),  Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, and gesture sensor.  I'm serious people, you get more for your money.10.  Hello multitasking!  The fast CPU & GPU, extra memory, and high-resolution 5.7 inch screen make multitasking feasible and fun on a cell phone.  You can even scroll through multiple applications in each split screen.  This is even better if you hook up a keyboard and mouse via Bluetooth or USB, and connect through HDMI to your TV or computer monitor.  The Note 3 can actually serve as a small computer.  How many phones can do that?  You can also mirror the phone screen with your smart TV for internet, games, viewing pics, whatever.11.  This the best cell phone for gaming on the market , period.  The above features and OpenGL 3.0 which is part of Android 4.3 make it happen.  Don't believe me?  Read the reviews, watch the you tubes, and compared it for yourself.12.  It doesn't just have GPS, it also uses A GPS (improved), and Glonass Satellites.  DL a GPS satellite app, and you'll see it will access between 5 and 25 satellites at once depending on time of day and location.13.  Got Knox?  No, you don't.  This phone provides business enterprise, and government level security for boot, VPN, etc., and comes in handy for privacy on public Wi-Fi.  You don't have to use it, but it is there.14.  The air command and air gesture features make the phone futuristic.  How many phones do that?15.  Is the screen too large for one handed operation?  Yes, but so what?  The tradeoff is worth it.  Besides, Samsung now includes software to shrink it for one-handed so you get the best of both worlds.There are 2 things that Samsung needs to improve in my opinion.  I don't know how many thousands of people need to tell them that putting the volume rockers directly opposite the power button is inconvenient  for users.  The Note 2 placement was better but still wrong.  (I do like the new speaker placement though.  Its perfect for horizontal viewing because your hand channels the sound to the user).This phone should also be waterproof right out-of-the-box.  Not a scaled-down version, just waterproof the thing.  Other manufacturers are doing it for their flagship phones.  That means Samsung can do it too.  Truth be known, we users never want to see another flagship phone that is not waterproof.  It's doable, so please do it.  Smoke it with that nano-whatever  waterproofing stuff.  You went to CES.  (Oh, and S voice is still sorry, use Google voice)All that said, I'm very, very, happy with the Note 3.  IMHO the Note 3 is so powerful and functional, it is the first device I would classify as a hand held computer.  As a professor, I researched it for days and used the original Galaxy Note for over a year now.  There are other good phones, but the Note 3 does it in one package, and in almost all cases does it better,  for the same flag-ship- phone price.  I feel sorry for the fanboys and people believing advertising  hype who don't research the market.  They pay top dollar but don't get their money's worth.  Amazon is a great place to get your money's worth and to find out user information.  Thanks Amazon.Oh yeah, almost forgot to mention, it's a really good phone too.

WOW. AMAZING. This phone is simply the best the world has created so far. Extremely fast, brilliant display, and I SIMPLY CAN'T STOP LOVING the pictures it takes. People are blown away when I show them my pictures I take with Galaxy Note3, they can't believe it's not a DSLR. This is the best phone I ever owned!

this phone comes with kitkat 4.4.2 and thats disappointing specially with camera takes too long to process a single photo and battery drains faster and has some noticeable lag in UI i think seller should ship it with 4.3

I think this is the greatest phone I've ever had. Super fast, crisp pictures, easy to learn and use and overall just great.

This is a Region Locked phone. The label on this is misleading and Amazon should fix this. Do not buy this phone unless you are happy to pay roaming charges all over the world. Personally, I will now keep my Note 1 (which I have long been happy with) as I search for an alternative to Samsung that is not Region Locked

It works perfectly in Ecuador and USA. Is a perfect phone and tablet. Additionally the note capabilities with the pen are amazing.

I have both the Apple IPhone 5 and the Note3, the Samsung has some great features and not so big as most people think, it is a perfect size for me to use daily fitting comfortably in my clothes without bulging or poking out.

My note 3 has overheating issue. after 5-10 minutes game playing such as Candy Crush Saga, the phone overheat around camera area. watching video and web browsing is normal. it also seems hard to remove sim card as it is not spring-loaded.

I have read a lot of  articles about the note 3 and kind of knew what it should like. I think this is a keeper and will enjoy it for a long time. Like I said a great phone.

Not much can go wrong when you are buying this kind of a phone.Its got everything.speed/precision/ looks you name it and it has it.State of the art phone.

Excelente selection I had the s4 and I think I had a good choice selecting this note 3 and it's synchronizing very well with the Samsung gear

This phone is incredible as it suits my lifestyle ver well. Great battery life, super not taking ability, etc. Upgrade!

Best phone I've ever had. Very fast. Since I had my phone I seen a lot of different versions of the note 3, but this one is the best so far!!!!

I have been using cell (mobile) phones for over 20 years now not a single cell phone has satisfied me as much as this one has done. Big screen but still at pocket order, excellent processor very fast, very beautiful colors and resolution, takes notes by hand writing, nice pictures with its camera, I used it in many countries outside USA with not a single problem, and after all it is Android from Samsung the best screen and phone maker in our world today.

Most of the initial pages on the phone are filled with great big Samsung apps that we don't really want and don't really need.  The page to the left of the home screen starts off with a 3-line deep full screen-width app that counts your steps.  I don't know why a step-counting app needs to take up almost a full page, but it does.  There are all sorts of apps that are integrated in which duplicate or even triplicate each other's functions and it's impossible to get rid of the ones you don't want or aren't using.  Samsung even has this duplicate app store because it can't be bothered to put its regular apps in the regular Android store, so you have to manage two app stores with the other apps you bought on whatever Android phone you had before this one.  Evernote and that Flip program both keep updating and will keep notifying you that you need more updates, even if you try to shut them off.  There's a messaging app that, if you get AT&T;, will be tied into your phone number and, even if you use Google Voice, will duplicate all your text messages, so you'll get double dings whenever you get a text message.If you press the home button too long or it thinks you double pressed it, you get this MyMagazine app popup and it's impossible to turn that off or stop it from happening (and again with the apps which duplicate or triplicate each others functions, there are several other social/news-aggregating apps on the phone that you can't get rid of)..  The stylus is great, but you can't change the apps that open in Pen Window.  So, even though Evernote and Samsung have announced a "deeper partnership", you have to take extra steps to open Evernote instead of the memo app in the pen window, which I tried to do for the first week before I gave up and tried to shut that app off.  Its the same with most of the air command functions, there's just no way to really customize it and actually make it useful instead of going with the apps that Samsung *thinks* we all want.About a month after I received the phone, it stopped working.  My warranty company, SquareTrade, didn't want to repair it because they said it was supposed to be under warranty from Samsung.  Samsung USA doesn't recognize the IMEI number.  They transferred me to Samsung Canada who didn't recognize the IMEI.  HeavyDuty Electronics is apparently not an authorized retailer.  Because the phone is from Vietnam, I went to the Samsung Vietnam website at [...]number on the phone either.  After a few months, I finally got SquareTrade to repair it.  When I received it back, they'd reset everything and it worked, but only for about a month again.  I don't know if it's the region locking that Samsung put into this supposedly unlocked phone or what, but the phone apparently just bricks itself after about a month of use.Both times, I tried putting a new battery in and the phone wouldn't start.  Both times the new battery was working in another Note 3 before I tried the battery swap and both times the new battery still worked in another Note 3 afterward, but wouldn't work in this one, so it's not a battery issue.  Multiple chargers plugged in won't keep it charged, so it's not a charger issue.  And last time SquareTrade just reset it and sent back the same phone/battery, so it seems to be an internal trigger that won't let it charge and keeps it quiescent.I think the seller stole these phones, which is why no Samsung subsidiary seems to have a record of the IMEI, and why the phone apparently bricks itself after about a month of use.

This smart phone is faster than a rocket and also it is user friendly. It is worth the price. Maxvins.

Tried 2 different sims and this device does not work.  Gets full bar without a sim card, but when one is put in, it is blocked.

I just got mine in the mail yesterday and I am so excited. I have been messing around with it for well over 4 hours now. I love all the note taking abilities on it. I was using my ipad mini for a lot of this but now I can use just this. I see it as an over sized Galexy S3 or S4 but with a few more perks.  Worth the money for you multitaskers out there and I was able to hook it up to my sprint account. Gotta love that.

BEAUTIFUL PRODUCT AND EXCELLENT QUALITY. THE PERFECT PHONE.  I LOVE IT SO MUCH. IT ARRIVED AT TIME N ECXELENT CONDITION LIKE NEW AS EXPECTED. WORKING VERY WELL IN VENEZUELA MY COUNTRY

I cannot be more satisfied with this phone! It is extremely fast, I actually use most of the functions and S-Pen on a daily basis. If you want a good phone, there is not doubt that this one will meet and exceed all your expectations.

This phone is super hype. Im totally in love with it and cant put it down. It surpassed all my expectations and then some,real awesome phone

I love it. It is like fire panther, works fast, efficient in multi tasking. However, the battery is a bummer.

Nice phone but quite excepensinve

This phone is the best on the market. It's a true jump in technology. Amazingly light and fast with insane battery life. The screen looks looks amazing.

Good cell phone. The only problem is that the letters of Samsung's logo have been fall from leather case, see the picture.

this phone has changed my views on android based phones, the capabilities it has mixed with screen size and speed makes this the best phone i could find, i switched from an iphone to this one and couldnt be happier

I used 4 star rating because from the beginning it used to freeze quite a bit, maybe 4 times a week and I had to pull out the battery.I think after several firmware upgrades that has ceased to be.But still it freezes with some apps.Also in general Samsung sucks because when my Note 2 stopped working after 9 months even though manufacturer's warranty is at least a year nobody wanted to help. It was international model so it had 2 years of warranty but they were tossing me from Samsung US to Samsung UK and even to freaking India. Nobody upheld the warranty. So be careful with Samsung. I stupidly bought their next Note. It is not the best phone anymore. Just the most expensive.

I am still learning all that it will do. It is an amazing piece of equipment. And large enough for me to text with my fat fingers.It is as stated in the on line ad and I really like it. It meets and/or beats my expectations. The delivery was exactly as promised. Couldn't be happier.I bought it without a plan and converted it to Straight Talk with a $45.00 monthly payment for true unlimited usage.

The phone kept reverting back to spanish, jumped all over the place instead of the apps I was trying to access, and not even as fast as the quad core.

Beautiful, huge screen.  All the apps you need now.  Lots of cool features but you may have to go on YouTube and watch videos to learn them all.

I'm on AT&T; and am not an international traveler.  I mainly bought this Note 3 variant for its rare chipset (the Exynos 5 Octa), and I'm aware that it doesn't support 4G LTE.If you're in the same boat, I can give this phone the thumbs up.  Setup was easy (insert SIM card and turn on), and I measured my data connection to be ~7Mbps (800-900 KB/s).  Basically, no headaches or surprises.However, consider saying no when the phone asks you to accept a firmware upgrade.  I learned the hard way that Android 4.4 KitKat puts severe restrictions on writing to the microSD card, crippling any file browser, file editor, etc.  That's an Android-wide &#34;feature&#34;, though, not a Note 3 bug.

I have upgraded my phone from Note 2 to Note 3. This phone has just about everything that I've been looking for in a smartphone! From specifications to quality build, this phone is definitely worth the price they're asking for!With the Note 3, you will notice that the phone performs much faster and more smoothly than the Note 2. That's because the phone currently has one of the most powerful processors in the market boasting a huge 2.3 GHz Quad-Core processor (2nd fastest being the LG G2 at 2.26 GHz Quad-Core). This phone also has 3GB of RAM and the phone also comes with Snapdragon 800 and it comes with Android 4.3 Jellybean.The camera has also been upgraded from the Note 2. It now comes equipped with a 13.0 MP lens for the back and has a 2.0 MP for the front. The picture quality on this phone is amazing for a phone! Whether you want to use it in a bright setting or a dark setting, the camera captures it all. Keep in mind that although the camera isn't Canon or Nikon quality, it also isn't terrible neither!The Galaxy phones are also the only phones on the current market where you are able to remove and/or change the battery. This is a huge plus if your phone freezes or if your battery can no longer hold a charge and you can't afford to go a day without it.This phone already comes with 32GB of memory already built into it! You still think 32GB is not enough? This phone has the option of adding more memory into it if you need the extra amount! These phones can read memory cards up to 64GB which means that you can put as much as 96GB of storage on your phone if you wanted to!

NOTE 3 PERFECT GOOD FOR MAN, THE BATTERY 3200MA LAST LONG TIME. THE 3G MEMORY MAKE CELL RUN SO FAST.

3-Star rating is for this version of the phone, not the Note 3 itself. Beware, this version does NOT come with 4G capabilities. I was not aware of this when ordering. Also, this version has some minor differences in how it operates versus the US Note 3, such as stock-app names, included apps, and so on.

Dealer said that he'll be sending headphones with the phone, but I haven't got'em. Else I'am happy with the condition of the phone

I really liked this phone until it stopped working. 5 weeks after I bought it from "Mobile Front", one day I took it out of my pocket and realized it was off. I thought it was just out of battery but when I tried to charge nothing happened. The phone is now dead and it doesn't seem to do anything when I try to charge or start it. "Mobile Front" does not change the device. I wish I had bought it from a certified dealer with warranty.Update: After contacting Amazon, Mobile Front accepted my return in a week and I got refunded the same day.

This could be the last stop for the browser of an advanced android phone.It has everything an advanced android phone is supposed to have,A super fast processor,Great screen,pictures movies.Easily the number one android device.

I love the phone it has many options, the service of Samsung is a complete disaster!I bought a the phone unlocked  N9005 at  a Swiss Airport shop.It  has a local SIM lock on it to evite using it in other countries. WHY??  Samsung did not answer the mails, on the phone they indicated to go to a local dealer to unlock the SIM. Local dealer in Ecuador HTM indicated that they do not have any communication with SAMSUNG Server for a month and do not know when they can communicate with SAMSUNG again.At Samsung Panama they indicated that I should use a technician in the street or insist where I bought the phone. I ordered an unlock code  at Cellphoneunlock.net  but they indicated that I should contact directly Samsung or it might take its time. I installed a file Regional Lock away I found on the internet, it did not work. The local ISP Claro recommended me to try to install a local program instead of original program.The email sent to the shop twice  where I bought the Phone did not  answer  the mail at all. Insisting again with  Samsung Panama after 3 weeks they indicated to insist with Samsung Switzerland to get the unlock code and that they should send it to Samsung Panama and that Samsung Panama shall send it to me. I bought a Service insurance policy in Switzerland together with the phone. I already was thinking of burying the phone in my compost in the garden!At the end of the story Samsung Switzerland (you get connected to Berlin automatically) finally gave me the code over the phone and my Note 3 is working now, still without indexing the caller  ID up today. The time spent to find a solution was much more than the price of the phone itself!Conclusion before bringing Phones to the market Samsung should train Service staff what and how to solve problems or better keep selling washing machines! So try your phone at the shop you buy it in orderto save you time!

All the best hardware with terrible software.  The phone is slow, lags, and exhibits the following wonderful traits:1.  WiFi instability issue NEVER fixed since release2.  Muting the phone then restoring sound keeps all volume at 0.  You must manually increase the volume.3.  Text input by Swype will often spell the word but not insert it4.  Loses 4G signal then switches back and cannot send mobile data5.  Slow and laggy.  Gets worse with each update6.  Camera takes smeared, blotchy photos in anything but bright light7.  Screen almost impossible to see in bright daylight8.  Samsung Bloatware sucks up all RAM.  You won't have more than 500 MB of RAM free at any one time9.  Piss poor design means that a muted phone will still BLAST that AT&T; ringtone when the phone spontaneously restarts10.  Music decoding will insert skips into some songs (especially jazz songs)11.  NFC never works well the first time or the second or the third12.  Screen attracts and holds all grease until wiped with pure alcohol13.  Without power saver and auto screen bright, you will get about half a day out of this if you are playing music and doing light browsing.Samsung doesn't give a damn about their customers, they just want a sucker to pay a lot for their beta test phones.  You won't get ANY fixes to the Note 3 until you buy a Note 4.  I'll never buy another Samsung product again as long as I live.  I'm going to either Sony or Nokia.

Be warned. The note 3 phones have mfg defects; many need to be returned.  The process of getting it fixed during warranty period is extremely inconvenient: You have to mail the phone back to the manufacturer and wait for a minimum of three weeks to get it back.  During this time you would have no phone; neither the manufacturer, nor the carrier (T-mobile in my case) will take ownership for this inconveniences.  It is very very frustrating. Most of the sales people at T-Mobile are not well versed of this process and give you the wrong information.  I found out that process the hard way and would not wish anyone else to have to go through it.

great phone but I think i'll buy the S5 hehe this one can be used as a mini tablet maybe for business

Excellent, it came fast, My only problem was that this phone is more for europe than south america, all the adapters are for euro-zone. The phone itself is brand new and works awesome.

Unless we are in a paradox where white is black and black is white I'm pretty sure I ordered a black phone but got a white one instead. I forgive you dude. oh best phone ever

Just delivered in time. Works fine. The only problem is they sended a europian type adaptor but thats ok they sended a converter too thank you Amazon

Been wanting a Note phone since I last upgrade to a Samsung S2 two years ago. My friend and I picked up the Note 3 from TMobile here in America yesterday! It was very limited at certain stores. Now to the review.This phone has the highest and if not, tied for the highest spec for a smartphone out. 3GB of RAM, the closest phone has 2GB. The processor is tied with the Snapdragon 800 being used in a few high end Androids. The camera is amazing. Very clear and a lot of different options to chose from camera or recording. The screen resolution is amazing for a big phone. When I whip this bad boy out, it automatically catch peoples attention. You don't have to squint or zoom in. Things are that clear and big.Those are the pros. There are some cons, if you can call it that. My biggest complaint is - THERE ARE SOO MANY FEATURES & FUNCTIONS! I love this phone, don't get me wrong but I haven't had time to fully go through everything this phone has to offer. You can run 2 apps at the same time like Youtube and surf the internet. Name another phone or tablet that can do that? Take notes on a fly and have it sync with everything. This phone does it all but like I said, there's a lot to know about the phone which is a good and bad.The Note 3 is here to stay. The specs are up there so you won't need a replacement for a few years if you so choose. The battery life is ridiculous long. I left the house this morning with it full at 7:30 AM, have listened to music on my train ride back and forth, surfed the web and text my friends on and off. It is now 2:00 PM and my battery is like at 93%. I don't see how anyone can manage to drain this battery in 1 day if it wasn't intentional cause even with moderate use, that battery is lasting all day.I bought this device October 2, 2013 and if anyone has any question, please let me know and I'll gtt back to you as soon as possible

GREAT. ALL RIGHT GOOD PHONE. THE BEST ON THE LINE NOTE 1, 2 , 3. OK CAMERA, OK ANDROID, OK CALLS AND IT IS A GOOD ELECTION FOR THE THE

Hello I've had this note 3 for about a month and would trade it for a 6" iPhone in a minute! Moving or action pictures? Blurred mostly but neither phone could take the place of a dedicated camera. The apps for the iPhone are much smarter and user friendly. The only aspect i find the note 3 prevailing over the iphone 4s is the blue tooth. It doesn't link up every time I get in the car like it should but it will link up where the iPhone can be fussy. As for the hard wear both are exceptional but the iPhone tiny screen is a deal breaker.I could go on and nit pick the note 3 since I've put it in the hands of other Android owners that find that the note 3 OS lacks even by their expectations. Here is a short listA) the home button should bring up last operation with a double click allowing for switching back and fourth.UPDATE hold the home button rather than X2 click the buttonB) the spell check is harsh and often as stupid as the speller. Nothing but an aggravating chore is guaranteed when trying to override the note 3s determation. Also keep in mind the android spell ck app is crap when compared with the iTunes spell ck.UPDATE the kit kat update has fix it.C) the iPhone is built for people with a task in mind while the note 3 is built for people have ample time to "train" a phone.D) iCloud keeps up-loaded pictures nice and tidy ready to scroll through while the note 3 cloud is a "trippy mess" literallyUPDATE KitKat update fix thisE) my verdict on the note 3 voice command is still out but I'll guess note 3 has the upper hand. UPDATE the voice command is near flawlessF) while iPhone will drop down a list of recent Google entries the note 3 only list 3 random entries UPDATE it lists the 3 most popular searchesG) I agree with the review that posted that when the phone warms up from direct sun light it stops responding.H) the battery easily last just as long as the iPhone but iPhone owners can buy a battery case that will add 4200 ma easily out lasting the note 3s battery with the added bonus that when the battery case plug gets crappy from months of plugging in to charge the case can be tossed and replacedI) imagine reading an article (which on the iPhone is near impossible while walking) and deciding that in fact it's worthy enough to save. On the iPhone simply copy and paste on to notebook. On the note 3 nadda.UPDATE click the four square and then the page incon and then paste it any where.J) I also agree that the browsing can be glitchy unlike the iPhone where it happens on such a rare occasion I couldn't pin point an instance where I clicked on a link and went to a page I was browsing some time before.K) like the little wand that's included with the note 3. Without it I'd returned this phone due to the fact I need a jumbo phone for my big hairy hands and to read while walking.L) the note 3 also has a clean clear sounding speaker that I feel is better sounding than that of the iphone.M) the note 3 has, by far the worst and most resource hungry "crapware" I've ever seen.there are many but one stands out It's called Flipboard and I've tried and tried to rid my phone of it and it just keep re-appearing. If you are unfamiliar with this crapwear imagine your big brother telling you ,every time you look at him, the news that has paid him to shove down your throat.N) then to the music player. You may not be aware, note 3 has the weakest music player I've ever seen. It has next to zero navigation and seems to designed by a slacker.O) while iPhone is based on common sense navigation the note 3 is a genius type phone. People who have tried apps such as Adobe editor or Sony editor know exactly where I coming from. The user needs to literally take as collage course to use the editor only to find out more software needs to be purchased. One only needs to watch the help videos and then try the examples on their new phone to find that the phone must be in the correct mode for the example to be valid. Unlike the iPhone where all features work most anywhere on their iphone.P) ever click on a webpage phone number or a number that has ten digits? On iPhone the "would you like to call?" Prompt pops up. On note 3? It's dumb founded.UPDATE once one learns how to copy and paste this no longer an issueQ) IPhone abilities at Web browsing is near perfect. The note 3 has me jumping through hoops to trick it in to producing the requested page.R) when a message prompt appears at the top just click and redirect like on iphone? Nadda chance. The prompt reads "15 messages" then disappears leaving me to figure out where the messages are. Mms? Facebook? Email?UPDATE simply streak down and pick from the listS) technically it's not the phone as its Samsung complainantancy. Let me explain. When a an unfamiliar tune pops up I bring up the sound hound app. On iPhone I get the title of the tune and cover art, wiki link for the tune, just like on note 3. That is where the fun stops for note 3. Apple on the other hand has I tunes. I then get the opportunity to purchase the tune AND the music video. STILL trueT) let's move to the photo gallery. IPhone allows total access to your photos when posting on social sites such as FB. The note 3 on the other hand randomly sorts your photos and only allows a single category.U) a big plus for note 3 would be its acceptance of set standards. For example apple insists on owning everything associated with their products. The problem is when one wants to save a video from You Tube. The note 3 can with the right app since it likes to get along with just about anything. Apple products would rather fail than allow saving a clip to watch off line later.V) although we've touched on the music player the music store I use is Amazon. Unlike iTunes that downloads the music as I listen saving my bandwidth the note 3 only streams the music then forgets all about it forcing me to download every time I play the tune.UPDATE the cloud seems to have loaded the music onto my note 3W) again this is the service and not the phone BUT when I buy a song,video or snap a photo with an iPhone all devices automatically store the media via WiFi E.G. the ipads,apple TV apple phones and any computer associated with my account even if it's at my sisters house 2200 miles away STILL trueX) Imagine you have your note 3 hard wired to a laptop and want to transfer music nadda you must use the cloud if you have roomY) I know this comes with the territory When on a android OS but since jellybean can not run an ad blocker a large part of your monthly data plan will go to the endless ad banners, pop up and advertisers videos unlike apple where I found that the ads could be completely eliminated.Z) maybe the only other consideration other than the size of the note 3 would be the ability to finally run Flash player. Unfortunately jellybean does not support flash player so the ad banners pop up just about every where especially on the start up screen.ZZ) this last note isn't a plus or minus it's simply an observation that when the note 3 is fully charged the screen stays on. I've shut the phone off only to return and find its rebooted and the screen is on again. This phone still new but my guess is the power button wears out before the screen burns out....So there you have it. A very short list of "short comming" with this phone. Remember the comparison is between two Goliath Phones. The note 3 and the iPhone 4s But at the absurd Asking price I can't see judging it any other way.

Phone works great I live in Belize Central America, I just put in SIM and it works just fine. No regional.

Worked fine so far. No had any with unlocking troubles as I use it outside the US. Freezes occasionally though.
