
Personally I generally have mid to high end phones(both android and iPhone).  I bought this for my father who uses prepaid.  Overall the phone works but you get what you pay for.  The phone is a bit slow and the camera is nothing to write home about.

I've been a TracFone user for several years and really like their service. Its simple easy to use with no stupid years long contracts and overpriced plans. A true KISS [keep it simple stupid] plan.As to the phone, this is my first android phone and I'm well pleased. The phone is neither too big nor too heavy as so many iphones seem to be. Phone's case is slim and screen size if just right, for the price I don't think you can beat the ZTE Valet.

not all that i thought it would be, expected it would be easier to use.and have better apps, tobad tracfone does not have a better selection of phones that can be used on there network.

I did have some problems getting the phone set up. Not my fault. Something screwy with tracfone but a quick trip to best buy got it all straightened out. The guy told me several people had the same trouble with the set-up. The phone itself is amazing. It can do just about everything my Kindle HDX can do. Honestly this is the first cellphone I have ever been excited about. Happy Customer!

I'm glad so many others like this phone.I hate it.It does not bring in a signal...period. My $20 tracfone gets 4 bars at the same location where this one gets none.I live less than a mile from the cell tower....While it's a cool little &#34;mini-tablet&#34; with a camera, the phone just does not work.In order to activate it I had to drive around to find a spot where it was flat and unobstructed for miles...I cannot recommend this phone, as a phone it's totally worthless (ouch!).Look for an LG brand or Samsung, but this is not worth the time to take it out of the package.

Just got this. Finally, a smartphone I can afford! At about $7 month to Tracfone for a yearly plan even with the $100 for the phone it puts these phones in reach for many of us . And as someone who is suffering from early onset dementia I already set a couple of reminders for things to do tomorrow :) . Connected immediately to my brand new wireless modem, already downloaded a nice meditation app for free, and used the microphone to &#34;tell it&#34; what I needed to do tomorrow. A whole new world!  As I cook tomorrow I'm going to hook it up to some cheap computer speakers and finally have the music I love playing in my kitchen. Can't wait!

I read reviews on this phone before purchasing it,one review said it was a nice phone for the price. I agree with that statement.Heeded the advise of buying screen protector and protective case.Only downside to TracFone, is if you text alot,there is no seperate card for texts as there is for data. I ordered one phone but 2 were charged and shipped on two separate invoices.I failed to catch the confirmation email in time to correct the error.Contacting Amazon Help Center,helped correct the situation,they informed me I had a &#34;one button feature on my account&#34; which orderd without me seeing it.check your confirmation email as soon as you purchase,to avoid any issues.As with the other reviews,the camera is a 3mp,so be aware of that feature.TracFone has the &#34;check your balance&#34; on its websited you can bookmark on the phone.There is not a charge to the minutes or data for balance checking. I would recommend this phone.

Hope this doesn't happen to you with the ZTE Valet.  Before you spend any time with it downloading apps or creating contacts or otherwise customizing it, first make sure once it is activated that the calling features work--that you can actually make a call, receive a call and set up your voice mail. I spend hours setting up my new phone and then realized there was a problem with the phone calling part even though the Tracfone website showed it was activated.  And if you have a problem like I did, they will likely ask you at some point to reset the phone which will wipe out things like any downloaded apps and contacts you have created.I spent a total of about 3 hours over two days talking to several Tracfone reps as they moved me up their tiered customer service.  They had me try numerous activation numbers, none of which worked.  They also had me remove the battery and reset the phone numerous times.  Finally, the last Tracfone rep after more than an hour talking to him apparently contacted Verizon wireless and they did some kind of system update and it finally worked.So I am now looking at spending a couple of hours or so downloading all my apps again.  Otherwise, while this is my first smartphone, it seems to work pretty well.  I plan to use apps mostly with Wi-Fi so I can keep my cost around $7/month.  Cheapest deal I found.  And the triple minutes are nice.  And with a google account, it syncs with your emails and you get your pics too.  What I like too is that you can download grocery coupons and deals like at Safeway (the Just for U program) and Fry's (Kroger) at home on your desktop and then take your phone with you to see your shopping list at the stores without using your minutes because these two chains now have Wi-Fi.  It may not be the perfect fit for everyone, but now since my initial troubles are hopefully over, it will be another tool (more convenient to use at times) in addition to my desktop and laptop.

I bought the ZTE Valet to get some experience configuring and using an Android phone.  The Valet is on the Verizon network in my area and shows only 1-3 bars of cellular connectivity - but so far all calls have connected, none have been dropped, and 3G speeds seem reasonable.  The speaker-phone has good volume.  I am able to Bluetooth sync the Valet with the radios in both cars.  The sound volume buttons are well placed and work smoothly.  The display screen is pleasant with reasonable colors (except in bright daylight).  The on-screen keyboard shows upper and lower case letters!  I&#8217;ve had no problems syncing with various private and public Wi-Fi networks.  The display screen goes dark when on a cell call and the phone is against my ear. The battery is user-replaceable and the charge/data cable is a standard micro USB.  Am able to connect via USB to a WIN8.1 PC and load files.  Am able to load .mp3 files to SDcard/media/audio and have them play.  Most Play Store apps run without a problem.What&#8217;s not so great:  The screen is relatively low-res, not great for extended WEB browsing, and is hard to see in bright daylight.  The Wi-Fi sensitivity is low, the orientation of the phone significantly affects Wi-Fi signal strength, and Wi-Fi speed is somewhat lower than other Wi-Fi devices.  Battery life may be low if used for both GPS and Data (radio management is important for good battery life between charges).  The camera flash is not worth using.  Photos are slightly dim.  The camera will not focus close enough for UPC and bar codes (my only significant disappointment).  The camera access button on the lower-right side of the phone is easy to inadvertently press.  The phone case back is hard to pry off and feels somewhat fragile.  After the initial round of Android updates Text-to-Speech stopped working  (but was restored after undoing the TTS update - this seems to be a known problem with other Andriod devices.).Don&#8217;t expect an iPhone in terms of screen quality or speed.  But as a $60 no-contract Andriod 4.1 smart-phone with low monthly costs the Tracfone ZTE Valet is O.K.Sadly, interaction with Tracfone due to unexpected phone startup issues may require lots of patience &#8211; it took me six days, at least that many hours, and many land-line calls to get my number and minutes ported from my old Tracfone to the Valet.

Have had the phone for about a week and a half. It worked generally well for a cheap android phone. It could download most apps and ran them fairly well. The 3G would download at up to 2MPS which I thought was fine and with the verizon network I got good reception even in rural areas.However it developed a bug where the screen would go blank when making an outgoing call. I called tracfone and they said to return the phone which I did,Amazon and their seller gave me no problem with this. I was told that the problem, while it occurred to others, is rare and being eliminated so I took a leap of faith and ordered a new one

Works great as a phone. Runs on Verizon 3g network where I live and that is a great network in Southern California.I have WiFi issues with this phone. It doesn't seem to like my router. I tried creating 3 different networks, running different WiFi standards ( g, n and b) but it keeps disconnecting.  Connected well when I first bought the phone but after about a week that changed.  I can connect it to my Freedompop hotspot device (runs g) but my Netgear router is not a friend to this phone.As an Android device, this phone is a very entry level.  I have used a Moto G and Moto RAZR M and those devices are quick and smooth.  This phone is not that.  I didn't expect that so I wasn't as disappointed as other people.  If you buy this phone, just know that it is NOT a speed demon and that it will be laggy when you try running even basic apps.I took one star away for the laggy performance of the phone and one more for the WiFi issues I have had.

This smart phone does everything I want it to do, for a trac fone. If you need more data usage, then get a phone with an unlimited plan.

Had a problem, twice, with the touch screen cutting out though battery was well charged (had to remove and re-seat battery to bring back image and functionality) - however, suggested solution found on web (app called Proximity Sensor Calibration) seems to have worked so far, and I like the phone itself

Received my ZTE Valet yesterday. made my first phone call this am. Also have sent first text message.I have been a Tracfone user for a few years and have never had a problem. This is my first Androidphone and i am having fun trying to figure out the various funtion keys and Apps. So far, so good,it seems to be fast enough and fairly easy to use. However, when using it as a phone, it seems to heat upanyone else had that problem?

Purchase in Dec., 1213, had to get used to how fast data was used up (don't like)Like the price of phone and air time and the ability to switch to home WiFi to save on data usageIf you are use to tablet will find it easy to use

This is a nice looking phone, & worked well on my wireless signal at home, but when I went to the City at a Barnes & Nobles I couldn't pick up anything. Needless to say, I was disappointed. My Wife's smartphone from AT&T worked fine, but this one runs off verizon from what I understood, & a Sales Associate from Best Buy told me I wouldn't get a good signal & he was right! I sent this phone back, & went back to my great 840G phone that works fantastic. A note to anyone who switches from an 840G, or non-smartphone to this phone, & back to their original non-smartphone, Tracfone said they couldn't transfer the minutes back, & I lost over 900 minutes! They can only put the original minutes back if you use another one of their smartphones! I was very upset to say the least!

I am enjoying using the ZTE Valet. It is easy to use and so far has done everything I expect it to do.

Bought at Best Buy and in less than 2 weeks could not hang up. The screen unresponsive, only way to hang up was to remove battery. Best Buy said I did not Geek Squad so SORRY, I was not offered Geek Squad. Had to send back to Tracfone, without a phone for about 10 days. Got a reconditioned.... and guess what same problem. Truck broke down and could not use keypad to AAA for membership #. My Brother, from out of town, bought same phone without knowing my problems. When he visited one day I asked him to call someone and then try to hang up... he could not.. So now send this one back to tracfone agian. This time without a phione for 20 days!  Then 5 days after getting my 3 rd phone....Tracfone shuts my service down with 2 months and over 2000 minutes.  All I want is my minutes back to a regular phone, which is not possible by Tracfone's policy

When the phone worked, (which was only a few days) everybody said it sounded like I was underwater! Then I had several people say they automatically went to voicemail! Called several times trying to fix the problem. What a joke! Now the phone wont work at all! If youre in the market for a phone buy a name brand.

I purchased this phone for my son who wanted a phone that most looked like an iphone. The phone itself is great and looks really good. Our HUGE complaint is that when you buy a card of minutes and put on this phone the minutes are divided 3 ways, talk, text and data. As my son mostly texts and occasionally uses the data it works great for that. But right now he has over 250 min. of talk time on here that can not be used to text (which is 95% of what he wanted his phone for). I think that when we buy minutes for the phone, he should be able to use them however he wants. Almost all of his friends only use their phones to text and it is the easiest for us to communicate with him throughout the day as well. Had we known this ahead of time that even though I am paying for minutes but tracfone dictates how he can use them, I would NOT have purchased this phone and went with something different.

For a brand new item, I was really disappointed with the pixel problems on the screen, two horizontal lines that were *very* distracting. It also came with a Sim card for a service which is not available here. I sent it back without using it. The phone itself looks fine and probably operates fine but I am back to my old phone for now.

It is my first smartphone, it came on time and was new as advertised. Easy to activate. But I would be cautious with this BRAND (not the seller), my sons died after randomly turning it on from the sleeping mode. It could not be restarted. Black screen of death. This one has also had issues but I have been able to restart it back to functionality. Overall not a bad phone, low end model.

Great phone with lots of features (more than I probably will use) learning curve for a 70 yr old maybe a little steep, but spending time setting the phone up with what I need and some &#34;bells and whistles&#34; and Tracphone support I'm very happy with it. Would recommend to anyone that whats to step up to an Andriod at a great price. Will shop with this seller again when the occassion arises.

Pros: Good call quality, runs all Android apps I've installed, compact so it fits in my pocket.Cons: Not so great battery life, you have to be within 10-15 ft. of a wireless router for Wifi to work, apps can be slow.Bottom line:  Adequate for my needs, which are fairly minimal.  A good phone to test the smartphone waters.

I really like this tracfone.  I was happy to see they came out with a touch pad fone for my area.  The only thing that I didn't like was the plug in charging adapter did not work.  But, I contacted Amazon right away and they gave me a partial refund. I had already had the phone all set up and did not want to return for another one.

I've been a satisfied Tracfone customer for more than 7 years, and I've been eagerly waiting for an Android Tracfone. I couldn't be more pleased with this ZTE phone, which is perfect for my fairly limited use of cell service. I've accumulated a large number of minutes, which were transferred easily to the new phone, with the addition of messaging and data gifts from Tracfone. I have had no trouble connecting to my home wifi (as far as my back yard) or to several different public wifi services. Really I have only two small complaints--the screen resolution is mediocre, but I don't plan to watch movies on the tiny screen, so for normal use, it's fine. Also, the camera is mediocre (but it has a flash!) and is not autofocus, so no apps that scan bar codes will work with this phone, as far as I can tell. But for less than $100 and for $7 a month service cost, I believe this phone is a fine bargain.

I bought 2 for my daughters ( 10 and 12 yrs old) for christmas. and now I want one. with the wifi they barley use any minutes. but when they do the sound and service is great even out here in nowhere... and they love all the apps and games.

My dad bought me this for my birthday back in October and I waited till now to review it. So far I love the phone. It took a some time to get use to the new locations on this phone but once you figure that out it is great. I live in WI and have had no huge service location problems. I also took it to California for a week and it worked well then to. I had 680 minutes on my last tracfone and they transfered them to the new phone along with 680 pts of internet time. Also anything I buy for this phone gets tripled. The only downside to this phone is I have not found a way to put my constantly used contacts on the main screen so I can get to them quicker but still a great phone.Also there are very few add on items you can get for this phone like cases and skins

I would say the biggest complaint about this phone, is tracphone's change in minutes/balance plan for android devices.  This is not the phone's fault, but is something that tracphone really needs to do something about.  No longer does your combined balance affect text/minutes/data.  instead, each balance is independent.  Even though you may get 600min/600texts/600mbdata from a single 200min card,  you burn through texts (most people at any rate) at double/triple/4-5x the rate of minutes or data....  and guess what, there is NO 'text only' card to buy.  You can buy minutes (which add to all three), or data (which adds data), but all those thousands of minutes are unused - ie. wasted money.  Frankly, we've had a tracfone for a decade, and this, if not fixed, will mean we might as well switch services.That said, this is a review of the phone.  It works, is not too slow, (works great for most apps, even many games without flaw), and with the exception of an odd habit of turning itself off (such that you have to remove the battery to turn it back on) occasionally, is perfectly functional as an android device.  For the money, the phone is excellent.  Unfortunately, the service no longer is excellent.  There are some features that could be improved upon.  I love the swype keyboard on my other phone - which this does not support, and the camera is somewhat sad in this day and age -abhorrent in low light, and only crappy in good light.  The screen is not what I would call 'gorgeous', more like 'functional'. But the battery life is quite good (better than my other phone).All in all, this is a prepaid phone, and vastly better than the LG840 it replaced.  Since it is 'decent' compared to my 'name brand' Verizon phone, that makes it an excellent value.

I bought this for an Christmas gift. The phone gets one or less bars in the country and small towns but does alright in bigger towns with three or more service bars. This phone does just the same as all the other android products. Wifi works fine with the router being around 25 feet away. This phone uses CDMA which is verizon service. Verizon does not work well around my area, so wish I would have known prior to purchase. Triple minutes for life is nice option and phone cards last three months. I feel if this phone received better service in my area that I would rate higher. Its a decent little 3g android phone for prepay.

Good phone especially for prepaid. I've been well satisfied. The reception has been better assumedly because this one is on the Verizon network.I would buy it again if I had it to do over.

[I've changed my opinion of this phone, so skip to the end if you want to read that first].My Tracfone before the Valet was a LG 500g. Even though it's an older featured phone, I liked the physical keyboard, it offered a lot of settings, and it really wasn't a bad device. The alarm on it was surprisingly loud and it worked even when the phone was completely off, saving more battery than sleep mode! I tried the LG 840g (before the Android rumors were leaked), and I completely hated it. I wrote a review here on Amazon about that as well.But enough about those phones. I looked at the 4 new Android Tracfones and easily narrowed it down to the ZTE and Huawei. I didn't choose the Samsung because I don't like Samsung as a company, and the ZTE and Huawei were slightly cheaper and almost the same specs. Why pay for more? The Huawei almost beat the ZTE, but I didn't like the skin they used for the UI, the fact it was 4.0, not 4.1.1, and it wasn't available as quickly. I would love an LG, but for some reason they're still on 2.3, and no news if there will be an update (so I'm guessing not).I've had the phone for over 2 weeks, since the first moment it was available to buy, so I can comment on quite a bit. It's a mixed bag, but the fact the OS is Android, not a custom made LG/Samsung/etc creation for Tracfone, is the reason why it's a good upgrade. I'm semi-new to Android BTW. I haven't used Android devices, but I am a general tech user and pick things up quickly. I also follow Android news because it's interesting and I knew someday I would be using a device, so might as well learn in advance!PROS:1. Even though it's a single core A5 processor, I've tried a lot of apps and they all work fine! I don't use anything heavy duty, or plan to, but some examples of apps I've tried without problems: various benchmarks (Antutu, CPU-Z, etc), Firefox, website app based browsers (Android Central, Reddit readers), The Weather Channel, Antek Quick Settings, and replacements for stock calculator, timers, whatnot.2. It's really quite easy to use. I don't have a history of using touch anything and I just picked it up. Everything - the settings, general operation, it's somewhat intuitive. Also easy was transferring my contacts via Bluetooth. My manual is still wrapped in plastic. Same for connecting it to my computer and using the ZTE JoinMe program to manage it - BTW, I do recommend installing it (install to your desktop first, then manually install the app to the phone using the file browser). It's another central control panel program on the phone and the desktop, but the desktop one brings a HUGE BONUS: JoinMe lets you change the default alarmtone! Can't do this in the phone, and if you use the default Timer app, you can't change it there either. Some timer app also use the default alarmtone, making you pay for the ability to use any other sound. Not anymore!3. The transfer from my old phone was mostly painless. I did it online, and activated it via their automated system without a hitch. But I say mostly because for a long time, MANY DAYS, I could not check my balance at all. I activated the phone easy enough, but I kept getting tons of "OOPS!" style errors. I just laid low, and it's not happening as much now; they seemed to have resolved it for the most part. I also received some free units - thanks Tracfone!4. Doesn't have too many ZTE modifications that I can see.  A ZTE program for managing the battery (don't even think of touching it, it changes sync settings, vibration, wifi, gps, data, Bluetooth, brightness, the whole works without even asking me), one for sharing files, and some widgets, but for the most part it seems to be pretty clean. Has to be too, given the limited internal storage space. You need an SD card to use this for the most part - almost all the apps I install or use go straight to it by default. It comes with a 4GB Toshiba one, but it's only class 4.CONS:1. Tracfone must have a phobia of quality cameras because it hasn't happened yet! The camera is the same as the past: better than having none. Still no autofocus, and pictures always feature color noise AND a nasty noise removal look. Plus the LCD screen makes it difficult to judge exposure to begin with, so even though you can adjust exposure, brightness, saturation, contrast, sharpness, the screen is just not good for photography at all. The screen also has a prominent blue color cast expected of low end LCD displays (if anybody knows what I can do to tweak this, I'd love to know). The display is ok otherwise for general usage. You can use the physical camera button to take a pic though which is convenient. No custom white balance and only one for artificial light.2. There is noticeable lag at the default "Long Press" lockscreen when unlocking it (even when unmodified). The circle animation to unlock never looks smooth - sometimes it doesn't do this though, and the animation is smoother and faster. The phone unlocks faster as a result too! I think it may be due to having WiFi enabled, as it doesn't do it as much when in airplane mode. I've also noticed sometimes when starting the device, it will not display all my apps... not sure if it's the CPU or the lack of RAM, but no matter what, you may experience moments of slowdown. Phone takes quite a bit of time to load too... 46 seconds to get to the main screen, then another 35 seconds to finally show all apps. Takes about 4-5seconds to turn off.3. The speakerphone is not as loud as it should be. Using it while it's put on a tablet or in my pocket is not really possible, even at max volume. This isn't quite the kiss of death, but it's something that really annoys me. The alarm or multimedia volumes are quite loud, so why not when I'm in a call? I want my speakerphone option to be more like loudspeaker or intercom, that way I can actually do something else at the same time and still talk.4. The default ringtones, alarmtones, and wallpaper are bad. I actually like the notifytones it comes with, but Android won't let you use them as ringtones. I wish I could just port all the LG sounds over. So I'll be working on sounds or extracting the default sounds to use them anywhere.5. Possible poor antennas. I never seen more than 3 bars for reception! Also, the Wifi is... well I haven't tested it out yet, but I have seen a lot of stations go in and out. It picks up on a lot of stations, but most are poor reception.6. And if you love to text, you've got left in the dust - texting is now 1 full unit, not 0.3 like before. You might as well give somebody a call since you can say a lot more in that full 60 seconds.OTHER:1. Doesn't show your balance and service date on the main screen. I missed that a lot... however on October 18th, they introduced an app that performs the same functionality! WAY faster than using any browser, but somewhat annoying - every time I check my balance, no matter what way, I always get an automated text message from Tracfone (costs no text unit) which shows the wrong totals. Sometimes it's like 6 in a row, seriously the phone won't shut up and I keep getting nonstop notifications.2. I'm always suspicious of Google products given the NSA Prism scandal. So when I set this up, I made sure to look for phone home/Google account/location things. If you want to do that too, look in Settings: Data Usage (turn off auto-sync data), Location Services, Security, Backup & reset, Accounts (lets you sign out to not use your Google account when using Google services), and the Google Settings App.3. Vibration is turned on in a lot of places by default. For the keyboard, for the physical buttons, etc. It's one of the first things I changed.4. The battery is ok... no clue how you could ever get the 11 days standby, unless you installed a bunch of apps to shutdown everything but the bare minimum required for the device to function. I leave mine in airplane mode a lot and keep Wi-fi and Bluetooth off unless necessary. Don't have any numbers to show, but at least it seems to recharge not slowly (I wouldn't say fast, but it doesn't take forever unlike some electronic devices).5. I've already left it outside, RAINING, and it still works perfectly! Water got past the back cover and basically everywhere but the screen, but there's zero damage at all! I didn't have to do any tricks with rice or heated car windshields either, I just dried it off, laid it upside down for a while, shook it a lot, and later sprayed it with some isopropyl alcohol and repeated (to make sure that the dissolved particles in the rainwater were removed).Overall, I'm satisfied with the phone. Of course, if Tracfone had some higher end phones or BYOD, I'd be all over that instead, but the fact that it's still Tracfone makes up for it. I'd rather pay more for a low end phone and have a super low quarterly bill, rather than a nicer phone with a monthly plan that can't even begin got match Tracfone's prices. You can always buy a phablet or tablet and bring that alone with you for a better experience - sure, you pay more, but you don't have to worry about the carrier and there's a lot more options.UPDATE [Feb 21, 2014]: I'm dropping two stars from my review since things have gone downhill since it. The phone is just slow and freezes in places it shouldn't. 2D games with basic motion causing the entire touchscreen and physical buttons to be non-responsive. I had to pull the battery out to get it working again. I have even seen lag in FLAPPY BIRD! When something of that nature hiccups, you know something deep is wrong. A couple times there wasn't even any screen when I attempted to wake it up... completely black. Had to pull the battery then too. While the accidental bath I gave it doesn't help, I've read several other people with the EXACT same symptoms so it's not me. I won't not be surprised when the phone eventually dies either, so if you do get this one, be sure to backup and regularly (I used Holo Backup by omegavesko). The price has dropped so fast as well, less than 6 months in and you can already find it 50% off retail value. That does not inspire confidence. Firefox is pretty slow in general, 3G as well. 512mb or the CPU are to blame for most of the problems I think. To give you another idea of the slowness, sometimes I will click something and the screen just goes black, not like above, but like it's saying "Loading, loading... nothing to show you anymore since the animation/loading screen already ran it's course, so you get some emptyness." The screen size, while I still don't mind, limits the choice of 3rd party launchers I can use too - the fonts of most end up looking microscopic. The ZTE's Mifavor really has more favorable font size. And the speaker now is just SO LOW... I can hear if it's quite, but otherwise I have a hard time, even on max volume OR speakerphone. I was in a car on a paved road yesterday, nothing special, and I could barely hear it (no speakerphone). Yes, I am glad I got an Android phone, but this is not a reliable product IME.

everything i thought it would be. the reviews are pretty straight-forward.only complaints i've had or heard is the wifi strength and the minute cards being split into separate pools. (calls/texts/data)standard reliable android. durable, battery life is decent.shipped fast and safely packaged.kudos

This thing is so slow it's very frustrating.  Very Very frustrating.  I bought it from the same seller as here but for less money and free shipping on a something bay website.  I much prefer the LG505c even though it's not a so-called smart phone.  Bottom line is that this thing is going in the garbage where it belongs.

Note: the ZTE Valet I've been using since November was purchased from and used with Straight Talk.As I get ready to switch from this little buddy to a Samsung Galaxy S III Mini, I decided I'd say some words about the Valet. If you need a smartphone and don't care about taking really good photos, don't mind the phone running a little slowly and can quickly recharge it and have no need of a front-facing camera, then this is a nice first smartphone for you.The ZTE Valet is a little shorter (a little over 4 inches, but not quite 4.5) than the GS3 Mini I'm switching to, but definitely thicker. I used it with a Class 4 32 GB SD card for storage and it worked well.The Valet runs Android 4.1 Jellybean and is capable of running most apps. That said, it does have low processing power, so intensive phone gamers should look elsewhere. (Angry Birds, for example, will run, but will sometimes freeze and mess up your game.) Less demanding games like Solitaire should run just fine. Social media and e-mail apps such as Twitter, Facebook, Gmail, Outlook, Yahoo Mail, Whatsapp, Snapchat, Kik and Instagram work fine (but slowly sometimes), but I had trouble taking video with Instagram and Vine simply would not work. If you want to try out Vine, get a better phone. As for Instagram video, you can film video with the camera and upload it to Instagram. If you want to do video calls with this phone, forget it.Speaking of the camera, it can be brought up by pushing a button on the side of the phone, which is rather handy, but has caused me to interrupt another task accidentally. The phone takes adequate photos, depending on the lighting. The built-in flash is not very strong and will leave your photos with a blue-ish tint. (I started using the Photoshop Express app to color correct photos before posting them online.) Due to the limitations of 3MP, you will not be able to take huge, highly-detailed photos. If you want to do that, either get a phone with a better camera or a great camera. Photos taken outside during a sunny day or in a highly-lit room will look much better. Video filmed with the phone looks rather lousy. You will not be filming DVD or even VHS-quality video with this (think more like webcam quality), and the front facing microphone means that sound coming from behind the phone will not be picked up very well. Very much, you're getting what you paid for. There is no autofocus and QR and barcode scanning apps are practically useless on this phone. If you need a phone to deposit checks with, this is not an phone for you.The phone plays back audio very well and when you're actually speaking into it, it has a very decent microphone. I have never had an inaudible phone call with this phone. As for playing back video you might load onto it, don't try to play anything with a frame height bigger than 480p on it as it just can't handle it. YouTube, Netflix, Flixster, CinemaNow and Hulu played just fine on this phone. Streaming audio services were a different story, most of them playing too low to hear.The phone came with a handy widget to toggle on WiFi, Data usage, Bluetooth connection, Sync, and an option for setting the screen brightness. This came very much in handy, and when I switched to my new phone, I made sure to install a similar feature. Tip: use Data OR WiFi. Having both on can slow down apps that need to connect to the internet even further.As for software, this runs as well as you'd expect an Android device with such a processor to run. Running too many apps at once can slow down the phone, make it freeze, or even cause an app to crash. Typing quickly or dictating your text can prove a headache, but it is possible. The phone also has a rather long boot time of a few minutes as it loads up and accesses the SD card.Now for power. The description says it supports 5.5 hours of talk time, but I've discovered that if you use the phone heavily, the battery will be exhausted in about 2.5 to 3 hours of use. Tip: if you're not using the GPS, shut it off as it will also drain power. I'm unsure if this issue is specific to my phone or if it was due to low power, but on several occasions, the phone would not come out of standby mode. The only thing I could do here is take the back panel off, lift the battery, and replace it, causing the phone to reboot. As such, this phone is not recommended for long trips or other extended periods of time that you will not be able to charge it. (You might consider buying a portable power bank.) It charges through a micro SD connection and can be connected to a computer easily.If you can deal with all of these issues (read: patience) and this is the best in your budget (I bought it shortly before Christmas, I have a lot of siblings), then go ahead and get this phone. If you need a better camera, longer battery life, and better processing power for your apps, choose a different phone.Why does it make a good first smartphone? What's good about the phone will make you like Android phones. What's wrong with it will make you want to upgrade soon. (This is the first time I've replaced a phone without it breaking or crapping out on me.)Also, this is a CDMA phone. You can't use a SIM card in this phone.

The ringer could be louder but is generally ok. The camera has been disappointing thus far but I will give it more study before declaring it useless.

I've used this phone for 3 months.  I am disappointed.  This phone is slow.  It can not do navigation while driving...it put me at risk on the road when I attempted to use it, because turn commands were late or the location was 30 seconds old more often than not.  It lags on basic touchscreen commands, even if there's nothing running.  If I have another device  with me (tablet, laptop), it is always faster for me to retrieve it from it's bag/place, boot it, and then do what i need to do there.  When I am done with a call, I attempt to end the call, but the phone screen will flash on and off, which makes it hard for me to end the call (so usually the other person does it first).  Signal reception is below average.It takes pictures and video to the quality I need.  I only need to reboot it occasionally.  Battery life is good.  The blue tooth paired with my car and my heart rate monitor without issue.  It plays my music.  It stores data and retrieves it without issue.I set this up with Tracfone.  I spent 8-10 hrs on tech support to get it setup, and it was not a custom or complicated process.  The tech support staff just had no idea what they were doing and were not very capable in english.  Therefore, it's not worth attempting another phone.  It's about $10/month, for a basic data/voice/text package, vs 70 or more with a real smartphone and carrier.  This was the reason I subjected myself to the pain of operating this device.  Since I am usually around another device, the pain is manageable, but I likely would not have gone into this arrangement, had i known how bad it was going to be.

I have had my ZTE Valet for two months.  Because I don't use it much (only when away from home and only if necessary), I'm still getting used to the android features and Tracfone integration.  The only thing that confuses me is that Tracfone (this review is not about them) doesn't seem to have an app to immediately see your service status and you need to go to their website to find out what it is.  They do start to notify you, however, starting when you have only two weeks left to purchase additional minutes.

I love the android OS and google play... However, the battery life deceases dramatically after a couple months. My battery is only good for about 2 hours of use and 15 hours of standby...

I ordered the zte valet on 1/30/14. I'm new to the smartphone world of things. But I'm getting the hang of it.I received my phone on time. Everything went fine in activating and using the phone. Only issue I had was that my charger that came with the phone died after only 2 uses. I contacted ShopCellDeals and they promptly sent me a replacement charger that arrived today. They're customer service was excellent and quick. Will and would definitely purchase from them again.I can't think of anything negative about the phone. I haven't had any issues with the wifi dropping connection. It stays one bar from full in most locations but does go to full now and then no matter where I am in my house. Battery life is excellent as well. It lasted 2 weeks on a single charge. I'm not a heavy user so that's why probably. Works great and a definite step up from little quick messaging phone. I couldn't be happier!!

I bought this phone twice.Tracfone has the worst customer service and even after I filed a complaint with the FCC, I received ignorant emails from Delia Rivera, who told me to return the phone with the receipt and the minutes cards to prove I purchased the phone and if the phone was not damaged, they would see what they could do to refund my money.  Are you serious?  I had to let her know that she needed to watch her tone and the next person to contact her would be a consumer ;aw attorney.  They believe people who buy these phones do not have contract phone service.  Wrong.The ZTE is an inexpensive no contract android phone that will get you onto the internet, connect to wifi to save your data minutes, you can add apps, check emails, the camera and video quality sucks, poor volume or sound, can bluetooth pictures and emails or connect to a network which is not bad for a cheap prepaid phone.  I got this on sale for $49.99 at Best Buy then Target.  It comes with no minutes, so you will need to buy a minimum 30 or 60 minutes card to activate the telephone voice feature.  A data only card will not activate the phone.  For each minute you get triple minutes, 60-180 minutes, data and text.The first two phones were defective, so I returned them and got an exchange.  The phone only works in the zip code you register it for and still you may only get 1 bar.  If your earring hits the face of the phone it will disconnect the call or send you into an IVR prompt you did not request.  Make sure the phone is not on the dial pad screen. I called customer service to get the phone registered.  Not sure how they do things in India, but I wasted over 8 hours on the phone, 40 minute wait times with them and several calls later the problem was not fixed. They cheated me out of minutes, texts and data when they called themselves transferring the telephone number over to the new phone.  Tracfone does not stand by their product, incompetent tech support, the wait time is HORRIBLE, try waiting 40 minutes only for the tech to disconnect the call, because they do not want to troubleshoot the problem or take the call, ignorant customer service-Delia in Florida location and for these very reasons, I will never purchase another tracfone or recommend their products.Furthermore, companies who outsource their work and jobs outside of the United States of America, is a product I do not need to buy.  For every call that their tech support contractors in India disconnect or keep on hold for 40 minutes or more, they're getting over and making money off of Tracfone.

We have 5 of these phones in our household now.  2 were purchased from tracfone for $100 each and 3 were purchased here from Shopcelldeals for $75.  We have been longtime Tracfone users.  As you can imagine, 5 cell phones in a household would be very expensive through a regular major carrier.  We average a cost of $10 per phone per month.Having the ZTE Valet opens up true access to android apps and the web as well as GPS mapping. I LOVE the easy ability to turn on and off Data, GPS, and Wifi.  Data is very cheap and manageable if you DO NOT access streaming music or Video thru the Data connection.  Through wifi, stream all you want to and it works fine. I stream Pandora and Netflix on this phone.  The phone has good wifi reception.  It is not as good as a tablet though.As I mentioned this phone truly opens opens up web access that previous tracfones attempted to do.  With other tracfones, if you checked mail or went to the web, you would eat up minutes as the phone slowly progressed.  Now the Valet accesses the web quickly and you don't use minutes.  So if it is slow, it does not cost you since you are only paying for data that passes through to the phone.  And emails and the web use VERY little data.  But if you want to stream music and videos using the Data connection like on an unlimited plan, then you should not have a pay as you go plan.  But I understand that Tracfone/Straightalk offer unlimited plans for around $50 a month.Texting is  very manageable but could get expensive if you have heavy texters under the new method of paying for minutes/text.  However, I would suggest looking into some of the free texting apps that use wifi/data to send a text and are not counted as texts through Tracfone.If you want to save battery life, remember to turn off wifi until you need it.  Also, out of the package, the screen goes into power saver mode way to quickly.  Go into settings and change the amount of time that must pass before it dims the screen.  Also, one quirk is that when someone sends me a MMS text with or without an image, I have to turn data on and click on the text before I can view it since it has to download the message using the Data connection.  You would think it could use Wifi but it won't.  Either way, it does not use much data at all to download the text.  If it is a regular text then you just get a text, but a multimedia message is different.There are many cases available.  Searching for the ZTE Fury case can many times give you more options at better prices.  The Fury case is an exact fit for the Valet.As you can read, just reviewing the phone is not enough.  You have to buy into both the phone and the Tracfone service.  And i like the phone very much as well as the Tracfone service.  All five phones have worked equally well.

Update: February 17, 2014This phone is still good but my fast life makes the sluggishness unbearable so I have transferred my service to Droid x2 (BYOP - Verizon). Wife has limited needs and is loving the valet. It is still a good phone if you are not a heavy user. I miss the Android 4.1.First Review: November 5, 2013This is the third smartphone I have had - LG optimus V (virgin mobile) and Motorola Electrify (US cellular) are the others. I have been in search of an affordable smartphone ever since I went to VM from Tracfone. The VM $25 plan was perfect for my pocket but the coverage in my town was very bad. I gave up on them and went to USC - excellent service with relatively affordable plan - $70 a month (no texting), not bad compared to some plans with unlimited goodies but over $100 a month. With the tracfone zte valet, the max I will pay is $20 a month i.e. if I double my USC usage - highly unlikely so I a m looking at about $10 a month. I was able to port my number to tracfone easily - in less than an hour. This was my only concern before buying the phone since I did not want to change my number. A+ to tracfone for that. Now to the phone itself. As one YouTube reviewer said, this phone is just black. While he found "just black" to be boring, I think it is elegant. It is not flashy - that is what I like about it. The size is perfect for me. I find the 4 inch phones to be just too big.  As most reviewers have said, the wifi connectivity is a bit weak. I will not call it poor as of now since I get connection at work and at home easily. The available storage of 2.3 GB (internal) and 3.6GB SD card are excellent for me, and to many users. Pictures and videos will require more storage but if you want a phone for videos and pictures, this might not be the best since ZTE valet does not have auto focus. I did not buy it for these functions so I am all good but it wouldn't hurt taking some pictures sometimes. The dedicated camera button on the right hand side is great - some reviewers saw it as a negative but I like it. The only complain I have so far is the sluggishness of the phone. I have to tap everything twice to get a response which makes me miss my motorola, sometimes. But for $50-60 savings, I will keep on tapping twice. I believe tracfone will come out with a more responsive phone in the near future. With the savings I am enjoying, I wouldn't mind replacing my phone every year if something better comes out - but I don't have to. The main reasons I bought this phone is to make calls, check emails, schedule/keep track of appointments, and send about 10 text messages in a month. If you want a high-end phone, then look elsewhere. The zte valet is for those of us who do not use the phone for games, etc and live on a budget. Please note that, a number of reviewers complaining about this phone are new to android OS. Also, the number porting process could be confusing so make sure you know what you are doing. Last but not the least, download the Tracfone My Account from the play store to track your usage.

First time smart phone userI am still learning the phone and it's taking little time because I am use to the dumb phone I had

I purchased this phone through Tracfone about 6 months ago. The wifi reception has never been great, but recently started to fail altogether. I called Tracfone to have them replace the phone, since it's under warranty for a year. They refused to replace it (I talked to three agents, escalating until I could escalate no more). They will only replace a phone if it can't make or receive calls, but other features of the phone (camera, wifi, etc.) may break and they won't act in these cases. The warranty doesn't make any exceptions, but Tracfone knows that they can get away with this, that one little customer isn't going to be able to sue them or prosecute. So, this is my small way of saying "buyer beware." Once I use up my minutes (just bought 1000), I'm done with Tracfone. I can't support a company that won't keep their word, that won't abide by their own warranty.If you do stick with Tracfone, buy a better used phone with better features than this one. It will have more processing power and a better screen. Tracfone now lets you bring your own device  [...]. But, their customer service is so horrible, I'm still not staying. Another example: it took 3 days to port my phone number on one Tracfone phone to another. This isn't a port from one provider to another, but one *Tracfone* phone to another Tracphone phone. Talking to their agents is like talking to a robot. They literally read their script, even when you ask them questions. Maddening.

Great so far, had to have my 14 year old grandson help me with arranging the apps, I filled out the contacts, and sent my first texts

I bought this phone yesterday for my 13 year old and for myself.  Neither of us had a smartphone prior to this and are very happy with this entry level product.  We both have iPods and find that it's similar to that, but nothing like the flip phones we owned. The keypad is small (easier for her to use than for me).  The set up and activation was a breeze - thanks to the Tracfone staff.  They were VERY helpful and very patient as I had many questions.  The phone itself feels solid, not cheap. It takes some getting used to, but scrolling through the functions is pretty second nature for me already.I researched this product pretty thoroughly - deciding between the ZTE Valet and the Samsung Galaxy Centura.  I went with the ZTE for a few reasons:  this phone came with an SD card, there is a flash for the camera and the price! I listened to lots of reviews (a really good review is on You Tube comparing both side by side), read a lot of information on both and realized that both phones had pros and cons. You really can't please everyone.  :)The sound quality of the ZTE is great.  We have an excellent Verizon signal where I live and the sound is as clear as a land line.  I am still getting used to looking for new email/texts at the top of the phone. I am used to seeing a badge on the app.The phone has a lot of &#34;guides&#34; that help you along when you're trying to learn all the bells and whistles.  Every time I touch a new app or something new on the phone, it gives a good description of what it is, how to use it or how to delete it if you aren't going to use it.One thing I did with mine that I didn't do with my daughters' phone was I set up the Gmail/Google account right away.  I wish I hadn't.  Every email I have ever sent showed up as a contact!  I spent a good while deleting people I hadn't emailed in years.  Also, I had a hard time syncing my contacts from my old phone to my new phone with Bluetooth.  Adding all of them took some time.  All in all, I probably spent about and hour to an hour and a half setting up the ZTE the way I want it.That said, the phone is a great value for all that fun stuff you get and the phone sound quality is great.  We are both very happy with this product so far.

Bought this phone for use as a Trac-fone, but it couldn't pick up Verizon towers from my location and Trac-fone wouldn't give a U.S. Celluar #, maybe a good phone but others could get reception.

It's a pretty maginal phone, but for kids or to use with cheap service like Tracfone, it does okay. If an iPhone is an 8 or 9, this is a 3...it works but just barely.

I found it has better reception then my lg840 previous customers helped making transfers from lg 840 to ztevalet easy.For my needs it is perfect. The touch screen for texting is better  in my opinion then lg840. I am still learning about features. I love all the tips given from other zte users on amazon.  I highly recommend this tracfone. If you have problems view tips and guidelines.

I have been waiting for TracFone to start offering true smart phones for a long time so this is great.  And best of all they did not disable features like they have on previous phones.  You can do anything you want with it and load any apps you want. Even use your own music/mp3 for ringtones etc.  I love it.  This is a great phone that is very responsive to the touch.  The only reason I did not give it a full 5 stars is because the camera is not the best quality.  It works and can take video too.  But it is not even close to the picture quality of my wife's iphone or other newer smart phones.  And the CPU is not as powerful as I would have liked.  It scored less than 5,000 on the ant...benchmark and most newer smart phones are scoring closer to 20,000. (keep in mind I am used to a quad core android tablet, so I may be expecting too much for a phone.)  With the monthly cost I can get by with on TracFone, it is still the best value out there for a smart phone in my opinion.  I would it recommend to anyone.

Five stars based on value for the cost.  I have had the phone for two weeks and have had no problems with phone calls in my local.  I have no idea how it will work in other coverage areas.  The WIFI works great.  The GPS works better than some other devices I've used.  It uses Android 4.1 and allows download of thousands of applications. Android 4.1 is an advantage since some other phones that use 2.3 through 4.0 can't run some of the newer applications.  All the applications that I downloaded have worked fine.  Voice command dialing and voice command internet searching works.  It was easy to transfer my old Tracfone phone number and minutes to the new phone.  It is easy to turn on and off WIFI, GPS, Data and Blutooth to save battery life.  Battery life is typical compared to other smart phones.Display resolution is adequate but not great compared to the $300 and up smartphones.  The size is similar to the Iphone 4 and 5 which means it is smaller than many of the newer smart phones.  I like that because it fits easy in my pocket.  For someone who wants it for the internet a larger phone or tablet, with their larger screens, might be a better choice.At this point in time I don't know of a more powerful smartphone in this price range.

This is my first smartphone and being available without a contract appealed to me.  I have had a TracFone for a number of years and am satisfied with their service, but their Customer Support is not nearly as good(actually terrible) as compared to Amazon's excellent Customer Support.  It took them four days to transfer my old phone number and minutes/service days from my old phone to this new smartphone.  I don't think the phone is as user friendly as I expected.  Perhaps its me and my large fingers/hands, but I find the &#34;touch screen&#34; at times both too sensitive and also sometimes insensitive.  A stylus helps yet I hope the performance improves as I continue using it.  I am a senior citizen and not too technically savvy and find the phone features somewhat confusing to use and downloading and using new Apps a bit of a challenge for me.  Perhaps getting to Carnegie Hall takes &#34;practice, practice, practice&#34;.

So far so good with this phone. Only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because of the wifi distance. WIFI does work good but the distance is not the greatest. All my other devices reach further. Besides that, phone is worth the price. It's not an Iphone or some other fancy phone but for price of the phone and the tracfone plan, you can't go wrong. It runs off the Verizon network which where I live, Verizon has the most towers. I like the way tracfone splits up the talk, text and 3g minutes and triple minutes is great. It works good for me. If you use a lot of minutes, probably not the plan for you. More expensive plan would work better. The android system works just like any other android system I've used. I'm able to watch youtube videos or listen to pandora radio no problem with wifi. I haven't tried that with 3g yet.

This phone exceeded my expectations.  TracFone was a great way to go, since my retirement lessen the need for as many minutes.  I like the &#34;pay as you go&#34; system,

You cannot use a tracfone with straighttalk. You either get the cheap phone and pay more for minutes or you get the slightly more expensive phone and get unlimited mins. I wasted so much time with this purchase. I should have just bought the phone and plan from the straighttalk website. I think tracfone and amazon should say this phone does not work with straighttalk, but the lead us to believe if we get the byop plan it will. IT DOES NOT WORKShannonCharleston SC

======= A few words of advice - Added on 2/20/2014 =========* Some people who bought this phone are disappointed and complained that it doesn't work at their house while their old Tracfones worked fine. This phone and the current crop of Tracfone Androids use CDMA technology (model number ending with "C") and use Verizon network. Their old phones use GSM technology (model number ending with "G") and use AT&T; or T-Mobile network. Even though Tracfone may say this phone is available for your area, check with local friends and family to make sure there's good Verizon signal where you plan to use this phone before buying one.* There are now over 700 answered questions for this phone, covering many subjects. If you have a question, try searching the Q&A; and most likely your question had been asked and answered. Click on "See all xxx answered questions" below the box where you would ask a question. On the next screen, there's a box to "Search Questions and Answers". Put in a keyword of your question (gps, blinking, tranfer, music, etc) then click Go. If your question hadn't been asked before, you're welcome to ask your new question.* If you take time to read through the comments of this review, you'll find detailed instructions on how to transfer your contact list to the Valet using bluetooth, how to find your unit balances, how to use the Power Control widget to toggle on/of Wifi, GPS, data, bluetooth, how to automate the PIN/password when calling voicemail.Now, on with the review.......=========== Part 1 - Added 10/12/2013 ================I just received my ZTE Valet today. I played with it for about 4 hours and so far I like it. I've been customizing it, downloading apps and testing them. It runs every app that I have on my Galaxy Tablet and just as fast. I tested it as an Android device, using my home Wifi. Haven't activated it yet, so haven't tested it as a phone, except testing the supplied ringtones which are very few. I'll provide an additional review once I've had a chance to test it as a phone.I transferred my contact list over from the LG840 using bluetooth. Piece of cake.I ran a couple of aviation/navigation apps using the built-in GPS receiver. It's very good. Sitting in my house about 6' from the window, it picked up 7 satellites.========== Part 2 - Added on 10/14/2013 ============This part of my review focuses on how the Valet performs as a phone.I activated the phone on Tracfone web site according to the included instructions. It went smoothly. Got assigned a new phone number with Verizon. You'll need to activate the phone with a time card, or a credit card to buy time, or transferring time from another Tracfone. The Android phones don't come with the typical 20 "starter" minutes.I set up voicemail by holding down the "1" key on the dialpad, then followed the instructions to record my name, greeting, and select a PIN number.I live in the city and on a high elevation. The phone usually gets 4-5 bars out of the maximum 6 (haven't seen 6 yet). Sound quality of calls is very good. The volume is also good.The phone has a lot of features: speaker phone, mute, call holding, forwarding, conference calls, etc. There's a small LED near the top of the phone. You can set it up to blink if there was a missed call or incoming text message. This is helpful because you don't have to "wake up" the screen to see if there was any missed call or message.When you receive a call, there are 3 options: answer, reject (goes to voicemail), or text. If you select "Text", it switches to a screen where there's a "Quick Response" message that you customized previously (like "Can't talk now. Call you back later") and you can fire off a quick text message to the caller.The contact list has all the typical features: multiple phone numbers, email address, different ringtone, etc. You can assign multiple contacts into Groups. That makes it easier if you typically sent text messages to a group of people. You can also "join" multiple contacts into one entry. I get calls from various sales people and fund raisers. Since the phone doesn't have an "Ignore" list, I joined those people into one contact named "Unwanted" and assigned a low-volume "ding" ringtone to it.When the battery level gets down to 15%, you're prompted to connect a charger. It takes 2 hours to bring the battery from 15% to 100%, using the supplied A/C charger. You can also charge it by connecting to a PC USB port, although I haven't tested to see how long it takes to get a full charge.The phone appears to use very little battery when it's on standby mode. I turned off Wifi,Bluetooth, GPS, Data, and used the Task Manager to shutdown all tasks, only the phone function is on. For the last 10 hours, the battery level went down 1%. So, it may live up to the advertised standby time of 11 days.I hope this is helpful. Feel free to post questions or comments. See the Questions & Answers and the comments below for a lot more technical information.

Update: 12/25/13, I just got around to loading my Amazon app store. It loaded fine, recognized my google apps already loaded (which I also own in amazon apps), BUT it absolutely would not allow me to download ANY Amazon apps to the phone. I'm not sure if there is something I need to do to allow it. It's not the first smartphone I have handled. I have it set to allow 3rd party downloads. I will keep working on it and post if I ever figure it out.Original: Let me start out by saying, a lot of the negative reviews are about Tracfone, not really this phone itself. I will review THIS phone, not Tracfone. However, I will make references to Tracfone service in comparison to use of this phone, compared to non-android Tracfones. A lot of people don't understand what Tracfone is. It is not the latest and greatest, nor is it meant to be. People who use Tracfone usually don't use their phones as often as those with unlimited plans. They also don't want a contract or monthly $100+ cell phone bill.I have been a Tracfone customer over 10 years. My most recent phone was a Samsung S390G. I loved that phone. There's something to be said about a Samsung. However, between that phone and something like an ipod touch that is wifi only, I got tired of 2 electronics to keep up with. I chose this android over the others based on it's processor speed, Android version, camera,and price.Activation was a cinch. I never had to call customer service. I switched my Tracfone phone number from my old phone to this one online without trouble. Be sure to follow the directions. Activating this phone was different from activating non android phones. Other users had issues with getting all of their minutes transferred to this phone. All of mine transferred. I had 950 minutes. I have in the past with other phones had problems getting all of my minutes, usually over 1000 minutes. May be it's the 1000 minutes mark that requires a call to customer service. This phone on transfer had 950 talk, 950 text, and 950mb when transfer was completed.There is a widget on the phone that tells you when your service date ends, how much talk, text, and data you have. There is also a Tracfone app with the same info that can be downloaded from the Google Play store. The widget puts all of the info in sight. The app has to be opened to get the info.I recommend getting the microsd card in before you even turn on the phone. It comes with a preloaded card. I upgraded to a 32gb card. It's just easier to switch before you start downloading than it is to try and switch after you have apps, music, videos already loaded.Phone is very responsive, works like any other android smartphone. I get good wifi signal, and multiple antenna bars. It is on a 3G network, which is a lot faster than other non android Tracfones. The screen is clear, sound is good. The sound can be loud enough I can hold the phone away from my ears and think it was on speakerphone. Everything works fine, just as it should. This phone is not the newest, with all the bells and whistles. But it is functional, it is user friendly, and it meets my smartphone needs. I have not had any problems with it, and recommend it to even an experienced smartphone user. The people I work with are always surprised when I tell them it's a Tracfone and what I pay for service. The one year plan is enough for me, so I get a good smartphone for $100 a year. Can't beat that!

I bought one of these for myself, then bought one for my wife. We dumped our old Virgin Mobile phones because of poor reception. We both like these phones. The reception is good (which is more a function of the carrier than the phone). It works great for texting, phone calls and Internet access. I was able to download some nice apps from the Play Store and they all worked as well as any other phone I've tried. I like that I can listen to a song or a speech and turn off the light. My old HTC would not let me do that. I like the fact that I don't seem to be accidentally pressing a button that disrupts my video. We seem to make fewer typing mistakes when texting. The phone is a comfortable size for fitting in your pocket or purse. Not too small. Not too big. My use is pretty much restricted to calls, texting, Internet access, GPS-enabled directions. I cannot make any comments on gaming performance because I don't do that. The processor is a Qualcomm MSM7625A 1 GHz so I suspect it will not be suitable for high-performance needs. I have not used the camera so I can't comment. For my money ($99), and the Tracfone program of triple minutes, everything is absolutely perfect.

I got the ZTE Valet and expected a good phone. The phone looses a Wi-Fi signal at 20 feet and my other cellphones worked at over 100 feet. The phone signal is also weak. When I had 3 or 4 bars on my old phone I had 1 to no bars on the ZTE Valet. I went by 2 different towers and the ZTE only had 3 bars and my old phone had the maximum signal bars. Evidently another cheep worthless product from China. As a trackfone it does not give you any info to track the time used as all the other trackfones do. To find out how much time you have used or have left you have to go the Trackfone web site and click on Check Your Balance.

It's a cheap Android phone. Let's face it, folks. I got this at a discount at Best Buy a couple months ago.It's pretty good.Pros:-Decent battery life-Android 4.1-Compatible with most apps-Easily accessible SD card compartment (unlike my Samsung MP3 player)-Great cell coverage-Perfect size for one-handed useCons:-Slow & laggy at times.-Very little amount of RAM (400MB)-Headphone port doesn't put out sound at higher volumes

Happy with this phone.  Keeping in mind it is a cheap phone; I often have to hard boot it and certain apps will bog it down.  But for the price you are getting more than what you are paying for.

The reception of Wi Fi is not strong.  Requires closer setting than hoped for.  I have stepped down on this TracFone coming from a Smsung Straosphere  with Adroid 4.?.  But on the plus side, the phone as a phone works fine.  It is not 4G but hard for me to rate that.  Not that important to me.  I don't do gaming.  Haven't tried driving GPS genie yet but will soon.  Sound is great.  I could not figure how to import my phone names and numbers from the Samsung so I had a large task of entering them.  Some good in that as I dropped about half of them that had built up over the year.  Good news is I expect to save about $00 a year with TracFone and this ZTE.  Nice, smallish, good looking phone that fits in your pocket or hand nicely.  Phone was not really cheap but I considered buying one of the LG phonnes that had GPS and Wi Fi

I just got this phone 24 hours ago. I love it so far. Everything has been so easy, thanks to all the Q&A resources on Amazon. It took only a few minutes to transfer and activate from the Tracfone website. I transferred all my contacts via Bluetooth from my LG500G. It's been fun playing with it. This is my first smartphone but I have a Google Nexus 7 tablet, and this phone is practically the same only smaller. It's very intuitive to use.

This is my first smart phone. Its great for me to learn on so to speak, then move up to a super duper phone of some sort.

Amazon was fine, and I got a working, new phone. However, the terrible Call Center is from India, and TracFone.Com is just as bad. I had to call six times to activate, get my old phone number on it, and put already paid 450 minutes on it ($89.00). I lost my Triple minutes on it. They said it was my fault, because I called them twice before, and it was in the System. I had to buy more Air Time in less than a month of having it. What do they care? I am not under any plan! I had to call again to register the phone on TracFone.Com. to learn to use an android phone. I am not excited, nor care anymore about the ZTE Valet. Go to a store or dealership, where they can act like they care about you as a customer (USA), and you can have them do everything for you right there (or you can return it).

It has been a long wait for Tracfone customers who have been longing for a real smartphone at an affordable price. But it's finally here, and is a pretty good one considering the low cost.  Yep, a full blown Android phone for less than $100. Believe it.  And with Tracfone's pay as you go approach, it's quite affordable -- as little as $7 a month if you are light user. Since you get triple minutes for life with this phone, that translates into about an hour a month of voice, 60 texts text and 60 megabytes of data. (This assumes you buy a $20 , 60 minute card every three months.) You can also roll over all existing minutes, which is a good deal if you have accumulated a lot over the years as I have.Now as you might expect, you are not getting Galaxy S4 or iPhone 5S grade hardware for this price. In fact, this thing is about as bare bones as it gets. Every possible corner has been cut to keep the cost low. Consider the screen, which is plastic, not Gorilla Glass, so is subject to scratches. It's not a super bright OLED but a somewhat grainy, somewhat dim TFT, which was state of the art about 20 years ago. Resolution is marginal but good enough in most cases. Tiny text designed for hi-res Retina screens falls apart and is unreadable. Touch sensitivity isn't the greatest either but works OK if you are patient.As for the CPU, it's adquate -- a 1Ghz. single core model that was common in other smartphones about three years ago. It gets the job done if you are not in a big hurry. Keep loads low by avoiding live wallpaper and turning off GPS and Bluetooth (yep, it has those and they work!) when not needed. If you run antivirus, pick one with low overhead. Or avoid it altogether.The most disappointing aspect for me was the lousy wi-fi reception. Wi-fi is essential for keeping cellular data use down. But this phone has the worst reception I have seen in any device. BGN compatilbility is listed in the specs but unless you are in the room where the router resides, you are lucky to get more than one or two bars  (and thats with a high end, dual channel Cisco router that works fine with all my other wireless devices). It drops to zero if you are more than one room away. And as other customers have reported, it tends to cut out a lot for some reason. Off, on, off, on.Cellular reception is pretty lousy too. I got a strong single with my old dumb Tracfone. This one shows one or two bars at best. Looks like they need to do some work on the antenna on this thing.Have not traveled so cannot comment on coverage although Tracfone supposedly uses Verizon and/or  Sprint for this CDMA phone so coverage ought to be good.Another gripe: The home, back and menu icons along the bottom of the touchscreen are backlit in very low light but the backlight turns off in normal indoor lighting (for some dumb reason) making them all but invisible. Memorize where they are because you wont be able to see them most of the time.Oh, and no 4G on this one either. 3G is it, which is probably good since you can burn through data quickly at 4G speeds. Stay away from streaming audio or video. Take my word for it. You can't afford that using this phone, unless you are on free wi-fi. 3G is fine for many other aps, which consume data in multi kilobyte chunks instead of multi gibabyte.For those who upgrading from an older phone, be patient. The phone number transferred quickly in my case but not the minutes, which meant I could not make or receive any calls for about 12 hours. Tracfone says the process can take up to 2 days. Plan accordingly.Bottom line: You get what you pay for. If you want a cheap smartphone that's basic but capable, and are not a heavy user, this is a good way to go. If you need more voice time or data, consider one of the other providers that offers a lot more voice and data for a flat monthly fee.

Really slow, frequently malfunctions, customer service is a joke. It's a cheap phone, but I still expected better than what it is.

Good value for the price. Easy to use and download from internet.  However I could not give it 5 rating star because I could not find how to preview the text messaging before I could sent the message and the WiFi single was weak on the phone when I was in a different room away from the router.

I like easy use of phone.

Love that I got it half price than directly from tracfone!  Best feature is that you can turn off Data and only use wi-fi, so I'm not using my data minutes unless I have to.  Easy to use and learn, love my new android phone.

It is allowing me to do what I wanted to do, ie., keep a calendar, listen to books from the library, play games, as well as maintain contact by phone.

yes, I would recommend this phone. It was easy to set up, and I am still learning about the phone, so far so good

Let me start by saying I love my iPad and would love to have an iPhone but don't want the monthly bill. The phone is fine, but Android is not iOS IMHO. My biggest complaint is that the screen touch response just a bit slow. Not really bad, but just enough to make it unclear if you actually tapped the icon on not. On the other hand, brushing a finger past the home or back button reacts IMMEDIATELY and you're dropped out of what ever you are doing.After all that, I'm still a big  fan of TracFone and I'm satisfied... Its just now an iPhone.

I have tried activating this phone for the past couple hours. Nothing. Tracfone has one generic phone number for everything. First they take you to mechanical operator. After 3 tries they will send you to a representative and have to wait 30 minutes just to speak to one.I've had tracfone phones for 4 years now. Never had a problem activating a phone. First time with this android phone. And still several hours later still not able to activate it. I have the prepaid card and the serial number just like it asks, but still nothing. It seems to be an android tracfone issue since even the representative told me that I must have an android even before I had told her any information about my phone other than it not activating for the past couple hours.

bought this for my older mother, screen is unresponsive, overall lack of quality, do not buy. I would no recommend to anyone.

so far so good but I hate to write this because as soon as I do something might go wrong. LOL  I had no trouble changing over from my old tracfone to this one like I have in the past and everything is working good so I will go with four stars for now.

We've had this phone for over three weeks. There seems to be plenty of people that are rating Tracfone, instead of this particular model. Yes, we've had a few issues with Tracfone. One being some idiot who got our serial number incorrect when making the transfer from an old phone to a new one. You'd think it would have been just a few mixed up numbers of the phone's serial... nope, the guy had a completely incorrect serial number and gave my wife's number to someone else who did not want it either, lol. That took an hour and a half... of my minutes... which makes me mad...My other gripe of Tracfone is this, and yes it is relevant. They did not transfer over all of our minutes to the new phone. I was mad, and I gave them a piece of my mind, but no cigar in the end. My wife had 2100 minutes on her old triple minutes phone and should have received 2100 call, 2100 mbs data and 2100 texts on the Valet. Nope... just 2100 minutes and 100 text and 100 mbs data. They gave us some spiel about how it's got the new way of splitting up minutes into three categories. All of this is irrelevant, because if I were to right now go buy enough minutes to triple to 2100, it would break up into three categories of 2100... Just to be aware if you are transferring minutes from one phone to this phone (reading these reviews, it seems we were the only ones who got the shaft). I am still contemplating a BBB complaint... might go there.The phone itself works great. Only gripe so far is that it seems sluggish sometimes. An example of that would be unlocking the phone. It lags and isn't very smooth. There are some other moments it seems to be sluggish, but that doesn't bother me. Plays aps well enough and does what it does pretty well. In my area, Verizon is the only suitable service, as the others do NOT get any good service. This phone always seems to work, even if the bars are low. But we are at the end of nowhere, small tip of a peninsula in Maryland.Ringtones work great and it works great with the pc. I had songs from zedge downloaded and put on the phone in mere minutes. So nice to finally have a tracfone that lets you put on custom content!Wifi works well for us, in all our house, but our house is small to be honest. However, it is a brick house (no, don't sing that song), and I get decent reception, even out of the house a few yards or so.If you're going Tracfone, you're looking to save money. Sure, other phones are going to be better here or there. Honestly, it works great and does what it says it does. Plenty of features and plenty of options for skins and other gear for it.So in conclusion, phone good, Verizon service (for our area: good), Tracfone customer service: bad.

I'm back into the cell phone world after a 12-year absence.  So I'm clueless.  I had gotten a Samsung phone (not a smartphone) and it was so hard to do anything on it.  So I found this ZTE Valet and it has been perfect for me so far.  I'm still learning how to work everything, but just making a phone call is so much easier on this phone.  I don't need a ton of fancy on the phone, this probably has more on it than I'll use.  But the price was good, to me.

This is a very good smart phone packed with many find gadgets to play with. it is for this reason I think it is a great buy so I gave the ZTE Valet a five rating. It is a good idea to let customers pay as they go so easy and fast.

Maybe I haven't had the latest and greatest phones, but this one is the most functional I've had yet. Fast operation, excellent signal quality, and unheard of (for modern day at least) battery life - measured in days not hours!I was hesitant as I hadn't owned this brand before; but its absolutely excellent!EDTA: My unit took a dip in the pool today :(. Believe it or not, it still powers up and sort of functions. Some reason it is only booting in safe mode. However, in testimate as to my satisfaction with it, I just ordered the identical model for the replacement.

My phone fell while I was out and about and the screen cracked, no problem, I'm handy and have a full set of tools, I can easily replace the screen. So I contacted ZTE and got a response immediately asking for my information; where I bought the phone; etc. However after that I  repeatedly tried to get a replacement screen for my phone directly from ZTE and was unable to do so.Kept receiving form letters telling me to contact the dealer, which is Amazon.I had no problem buying a screen but they don't actually have the screen. I cannot be without my phone as I use it for work so I just wanted to replace the screen and go from there as I really liked the phone itself but as much as I like the phone I'm not fond of the customer service w/ ZTE the fact that they refused to even have anyone available to speak with, the number they sent me wouldn't even connect is a problem.Be aware that if you buy this phone your customer service will be a bit not good.Thanks

This is my first smartphone style phone.  I love it so far only having it for two weeks.  The only problem I have had is that every two days or so I have to take the battery out to reset the phone because it won't turn on.  Otherwise a great phone for the price with no contract.

I bought this for gift and tried to program the phone before I gift it. The qwerty part is hard to use for an adult with big fingers(am constantly correcting the typos!!!!). I have not seen more than 2 bars yet and I am in a Verizon area.Th ringtone selection is really bad.You must get a shield to avoid constant cleaning of smudges.At Fred Meyers, WA and OR, the same phone is going for $49.95 and no delivery charge or tax (OR)!!!So far I am not very impressed.

Beware, I bought this phone for my wife a year ago. It just up and died this week. It would not stay on just flashed on and off like a short. But the kicker is I bought my wife another phone from Verizon. She had over 300 minutes left on the vte which Tracfone would not credit me. I have an older basic TracFone and they said theminutes are not transferable from the vte(android) to a regular Tracphone.

As a Mac computer owner, I was pleasantly surprised that this Android phone does everything I wanted regarding listening to music, reading books, viewing videos, taking pics and yes, making calls.Pros: 1) It has many many pre installed apps that work GREAT, 2) It even plays my MP4 videos beautifully (I download them to the phone from a website called Dropbox - I  use as a cloud), 2) It plays my MP3 music (again I download from any dropbox/cloud site. 3) It opens ebooks/epub/ereader which are EASY to read (although I had to download an e-reader app from Google Play 4) Easy to add phone contacts, make calls, 5) Has a voice dialer so you speak the contact name and it  makes the call for you, 6) Great web browsing via Google/Chrome apps  which also uses voice recognition, 7) Tracfone has great customer service (not like years ago). I had a problem (my fault) and they fixed it. 8) Screen size is good, very crisp and bright, 9) Easy to attach ear phones, and ac/dc.P.S. Just to clarrify, the reason I had to set  up and use a dropbox type website for my music mp3, epub books, and MP4 videos was that was the only way I found to successfully and easily download to the Android phone from my Mac computer. I originally had tried directly attaching the Android to the Mac via Android software transfer but it didn't work.

I couldn't quite give 5 stars because after all it is only on the 3g network. Plus the camera is better than what I had but not as good as I would like. But it's a darn good phone for what it is and more than what I was expecting. I can make calls take a picture and post it on Facebook and use the GPS for directions. I can read articles on the internet and check my email. I can use it to show prospective customers my website. I'm on a very tight budget and this more than meets my needs for the money I have to spend. In short - it works for me!

I brought this phone for my mom and she loves it!!She tells me how she is enjoying its features and how much better it is than her last phone....

The ZTE Valet is a fun phone to use. Lots of features for a very reasonable price. As a beginner to &#34;smart phones,&#34; I'm astonished by all the things this little phone can do. Most amazing to me is the ability to get my e-mail on the phone, update Facebook, and something I just found: the ability to type out a text message by speaking the words. This is a tremendous time saver for me as a medical condition makes it difficult for me to &#34;type&#34; on a tiny on-screen keyboard. I'm looking forward to trying out other features as well. I doubt you can get a better phone for the price.

Good phone no problems with it . I would tell you if you need a entry level android phone buy this one .

This is my first android cell phone.  The mechanics of the unit are as expected but at times somewhat confusing.  My major concern of the phone is the battery life.  The specs state that it should last about 11 hours but I seem to be charging the unit much sooner than that.  Maybe it's just the fact that I am a &#34;rookie&#34; with the phone and still in the learning stage of its use.

Upgraded from LG420 to this phone and I could not be happier. I'm getting used to it and had no trouble transferring remaining minutes and service date to this phone, took less than 3 hours on the Tracfone web site. I'm not having the issues with wifi connection like a lot of the reviewers are. I have my phone on now and I'm getting 4 bars (full) reception from my home router. Just walked outside and still have 3 bars. I've had no issues downloading Apps and volume has been excellent. I would highly recommend this entry level Android phone for beginners. I could not afford a $40 plan and this is just what needed.

Wifi is very weak,not very good at all,battery does not last,have to charge too often,google store does not work when you need it

i would recommend this phone to anyone that doesn't want a contract. It is easy to use and a good size.

I have had this phone for a few day now and it work better than expected.  Battery life is good, Wi-Fi reception is solid, call quality above average and cost of service great.  Will get 450 minute cards, tripled, comes to about $23 a month when bought on sale.  $23 gets 450 talke minutes, 450 texts and .45 gigs of date(will use Wi-Fi).  My Verizon account cost was $48 a month(with taxes) for just talk no text or data.  Same minutes plus text and date when needed for half the cost and still on Verizon towers(three bars most of the time).  This was a no brainer to save $300 a year. Four stars for solid phone.  Minus one star for screen size, 4 inches would be better but not offered by Tracfone.

For an Android Tracfone, not bad. Problems: on occasion the screen is blank; you have to remove the battery, wait 10 seconds and replace, in order to get it to work. Wifi range is terrible.

Switched from a contract dumb phone before xmas. Its a low end android. Turn 3g off and wifi on. Works as expected, graphics could be better, speed acceptable. Nice features compared to my dumb phone. Like dial by voice app and contact widgets on main screen (with pictures) of frequently called people.Took several calls to Tracfone to get number transfer from &#34;V&#34;, mostly cause V security required a second password (not login password.)Oh, wait, it's so much cheaper than contract! Use mostly for trips, will not run out of minutes or message with 1 yr card. Triple minutes etc for life.

Love the Android phone. The camera button located on the side , is aggravating. As I don't type very well, I need to hold the phone in an upright position and the camera is constantly coming on. Also, this blue half moon shape comes up whenever you touch along the side of the screen. Usually right over the 'go' button to search Google, or to scroll the screen up or down.Otherwise I agree with every review I've read to date regarding performance and cost .Thank you.P.S.I believe this phone and discovering Amazon to be the reason for the downfall of all my housework;)

I happened to just want a good Android tracfone because I was tired of the hassle of endless monthly payment no matter if you used your minutes or not. It seemed I always had extra minutes per month I never used.  I got a good phone.  I do not live by texting.  A phone to me means you talk to someone, you don't type to them endless bits of information.  The Valet does not work fantastic all the time but; there are benefits.  I happened to use it to document a steam train that was arriving in our community.  For a low end Android I am extremely happy.  No it did not give great audio from 30 feet away, however as the train passed by me I caught every visual and audio detail.  What more can you expect?  People who watched the video of the train were impressed.  It did the job it is supposed to.  NO it does not place you with &#34;GPS&#34; 100%.  Let it set after you are there and look then if the &#34;GPS&#34; is where it should be and it basically is.  The phone does what it is expected to do within the dynamics of the app downloaded on a low end Android.  It did not connect me to the internet inside a building where I had a low signal strength.  It did connect to every call I made during two different auto accidents I was involved with only 11 days apart.  I was a passenger in a car that was totaled and then rear-ended 11 days later.  I am extremely happy I had this phone.  It did the job it was supposed to do perfectly.  There are times I have trouble typing on the touch screen.  Who cares about that if you can make emergency calls that save your life?  If you want a phone that will do everything for you without any hassle, I would suggest you get a different phone that cost a lot more.  If you want a phone you can rely on in an emergency and can actually surprise you by doing things you don't expect....get this one.  I have only had it a few months.  So far I am happy with the product.  Would I get another one?  You bet.  I would get one for anyone who wanted something more than a basic phone and can not afford to be on a big-budget monthly plan.  An Android can do so much more than just make a call.  Even an old dog can learn to operate a new phone.

I have had the ZTE Valet about a week. So far, all is okay except the wifi antenna appears weak. Otherwise, I would rate it 4.5 to 5 stars. You have to realize you are not spending $600 for a high end smartphone so don't expect that kind of phone. It is great for what you pay. The Play store has plenty of apps to customize your phone to meet your needs.  The bottom line is this is a low end smartphone for occasional use. If you do a lot of calling or send many text messages, Tracfone is not your best bet.

This is my first Smartphone. I have been using it for over a month now.I have had the Tracfone service for years.I have a land line and am home a lot so I don't need or want unlimited minutes foranother $50 every month.This phone is great...it is easy to use. Has a lot of features.  I have added about 16 apps so far and there is room for lots more.  My only complaint is the screen size could be a bit larger.Battery life is good and Wifi is quite good. Been hearing theWifi is weak but haven't noticed it myself.This is just right for me...who needs a $600 phone anyway?

There are some issues that could have been added but if you go on line you can see what you have left on your airtime. I also wish it was easier to use the speaker phone and wish it was louder but over all much better phone than I had in the past.

God help you if you purchase Tracfone service!  The Samsung phone is wonderful, the TRACFONE service is garbage!  If you don't live near towers, you're screwed.  If you travel 50 miles from your zip code, forget it.  The phone service locks up and Tracphone will keep you on the line for hours while the read a script over and over and NEVER resolve the issue.  YOU CAN NOT SPEAK WITH A REP WHO TALKS IN ENGLISH.  I hate this service.  I'm sorry I ever considered it.  I'd rather pay a little more for another service!!  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.  Love the Samsung Phone!  HATE TRACFONE!!!

It was an okay phone until the power button broke within a week.  And I couldn't use the Keypad when I called. For being this expensive, it shouldn't have this problem. I guess I'll have to try a name brand because this one is trash.

Hate the ZTE Valet phone only because I bought one and it lasted a week before I could not open the phone. It boots up to the main screen but when you try to unlock, nothing happens. It ran well for a week. Then I bought a second ZTE Valet phone. That one lasted  4 days before it crashed, same problem. Finally bought a Samsung Galaxy Centura, works fine. I have had no problems with TracFone.

Update 4/8/14:  The phone screen now when making a phone call blinks on and off rapidly so fast in fact that in order to end a call, I need to pull the battery as I can't press the "END" button as fast as the screen is flashing on and off.  Anyways, Tracfone is now allowing Iphone 4 and 4S on the plans now.  So I transferred my account to my old Verizon Iphone 4 and now is all good.  This ZTE Valet is a piece of crap. If you are looking at this phone, you need to keep looking.Update 1/31/14:  The headphone jack no longer works.  I've downgraded my recommendation to 2 stars. $49 for a smartphone, you do get what you pay for...I've had this phone for two months now.  It's just O.K. with a couple of quirks.  First twice now the phone's display screen has gone black and the only way to get the screen back is to pull the battery and restart.  Pain in the backside when you have a hard cover on the phone like I do.  Second, it's not an easy phone to text with.  Now my prior phone was an Iphone and that was easy to use as far as selecting the correct letters.  This one I have to be very deliberate as it will 95% of the time select the wrong letter. It seems I have to place my finger left of and slightly above the letter I'm trying to type.  As others have also mentioned the wireless internet strength is not great either.  I just read today that TracPhone has just released the new LG Optimus Dynamic 2 - LG L39CLG phone and I'll be watching reviews on that one as others use it.  The big advantage to this phone is that I was able to reduce my cell bill (coming from Verizon) from $110/month to less than $25 but that is more a function of the TracPhone service than it is of this phone.

Beware!  there is no going back to a regular tracfone without loosing your minutesBeware!  they will never tell you thisBeware! they will not make up for it by adding service days.

I really like this phone, especially the touch screen, which is more responsive than the one on my iPad. I'd rate the camera as adequate but not great. This is my first Android phone, and I am favorably impressed with it.  I'm not surprised that Android phones are outselling iPhones now.

Ok, so I bought this a while back. This phone gets the job done. However, the camera quality is terrible! I mean it can not ( I repeat CAN NOT) auto focus and installing other camera apps does no good. Its cheaper then the Sansung Centura, but believe the quality of this phone will leave you in regret.

The phone did freeze up twice i think it happens when data and text are used. The rest of it is great even the camera works great with the zoom, GPS very good,WIF works great, blue tooth very good. The speaker is not loud, so its hard to hear

Just what we needed for my 14 year old.  Gives all the benefits of an expensive smartphone with an expensive plan, with out the contract or investment!

I have had the phone for a couple of weeks. It links up well to Toyota & Scion hands-free multimedia. Out of the box settings had to be changed so that the display would rotate during browsing. The WiFi radio is not nearly as sensitive as my laptop or my Android tablet but it works quite well with a strong signal.I downloaded the Tracfone account app and Amazon's MP3 cloud player and they work great. The camera needs a lot of light to take good pictures and it really helps to have a silicone case to avoid accidental camera button presses.I would give the phone 5 stars as a good value except it may have a problem. After talking for about a minute today the phone went dead. The display went black and the phone would not restart. An hour later I was able to turn it on and the battery was 2/3 charged.The ZTE JoinMe app has problems. I have not been able to get the code required to connect to the phone. It does not display at program start like ZTE says. I have tried it on Windows 7 and XP. I will try to contact ZTE for help.

Delivered on time, Price was right, Activation was easy.  I have had it in numerous environments and different states.  I even had it on a bus trip.  Works great! It will access the internet and do almost anything you want it to. I used the camera feature. It worked great.  Texting works as expected.  Charges easy and lasts long.

I wanted a inexpensive phone, and I didn't want to pay huge monthly bills.  Picked up this phone for $80 and couldn't be happier.  Sound quality is very good, size is perfect for me and the screen is nice and sharp.  That's all I want in a phone.  If you need a inexpensive phone you couldn't go wrong with this one.

This cell phone is a good value for the price and I would recommend the phone to other Tracphone uses wanting to upgrade to an Android phone. Apps through Google play store install mostly without an issue, however some apps according to Google the phone is not compatible with some apps and you can not download them. This is incorrect as the phone has Jelly Bean and to get around this strange behavior see if the app developer has a web site where you can download their app directly. In every case where the Google Play store would not allow the download, I was able to install the app directly by bypassing the Google play store without an issue and they work on this phone. For the price, the only fault which has been mentioned is the weak Wi-Fi antenna that this phone has. If you are going to use the phone in your own home with your own wireless router to avoid using your data minutes, the phone will work fine as long as your not too far away from your own wireless router. I would have given the phone a higher rating, if not for this flaw. The regular 3G service is fine and calls and texts work well. If you are going to use this phone at a hotspot to avoid consuming data minutes, you will need to be close to it to get a useable signal. The features on the phone is what you would expect from an android phone and I would get the Tracphone widget so you can see on the phone your remaining minutes. Its available for free in the Google Play store and it will allow you to add minutes from a tracphone card through it to your phone.

I've had the phone for about a month now.  It has been a pleasant surprise.  The porting of my number from an older Tracfone took less than two hours from me signing into the internet to start the process.  Minutes were transferred without any problems.  Cel reception is very good.  Bluetooth works as advertised.  WiFi works better than I expected given the reviews here.  The WiFi reception is not as good as my Nexus 7 tablet but the Nexus 7 does exceptionally well.  I have used it with some weak signals and am not seeing the problems others have reported.All of the apps I have downloaded from Google Play have worked well.  This device uses Android 4.1.1.  I have been a Google user for many years and am familiar with Gmail, Drive, Voice.  If you are not familiar with Google apps or Android, it will take you a while to get used to it.  Are there better smartphones on the market?  Yes, but I don't think there are any better at this price level.  My review is based on this phone being a low cost smartphone and with that in mind, it is a pleasant surprise.

I've had this phone since December 2013 and love it. It is very easy to use and you can download apps. The only thing I'm having issues with is sometimes the phone locks up and I have to take out the battery and then put it back in. I was thinking of getting another ZTE Valet but with the price dropping may wait and get an upgraded android phone.

I've had this phone for about 3 weeks now and so far, so good. I am a long-time Tracfone user, close to ten years, and have been satisfied with the service, though some of the earlier phones were problematic, such as the old pin phones where the pin would break off rendering the phone useless, but still loaded with minutes.  However, it was always easy enough to have my minutes transferred to a new phone.For this review, though, I like NOT having to be locked into a contract and for me, that is important since I don't use my cell phone much EXCEPT when I need the ability to accept credit cards for mobile sales. I purchased this phone (which also included a 200 minute card (tripled to 600 minutes) for the same price of $49.99 and $5.99 shipping) hoping it would work with either Paypal Here (it doesn't) or Square (it does).  It works great with the Square app and credit card reader, and I am now able to accept credit card payments, so no more lost sales.This phone also has the ability to turn the data useage on and off, so I'm not burning data when I am not using it. That is a great feature which some of the other Tracfone smartphones don't have, like the Samsung Galaxy Centura which is also more expensive.I purchased the 90-day Tracfone minutes/data/text package which breaks down to approx. $7 month.  I use Skype for my second phone (for home and business calls), and I use that a lot, which is $60 a year (not a month, but a year) which includes my own phone #, unlimited calls to the US and Canada, call forwarding, voice messages.  Combined with Tracfone, that's about $12 a month for both, and more than enough phone service, for me, anyway.I recommend this Tracfone smartphone, especially if you need to use a credit card reader.  But it's great even if you don't.

I am not what you would call the most technology skilled person in the world but I find this phone hard to learn and use.  One thing I really dislike is the way the battery runs down so quickly.

The phone works well. The camera isn't wonderful. It may be slightly slow, but it is a good value for the money.

This Is a Great! Phone Love the Apps Way Better Then that Dumb Java Apps Stuff,  Works as advertised I have a Cable Modem with Time Warner Want to Activate a Plan for my Phone but Time warner are just To High Or you can Say COMWARNER, Had problems with the GPS ,But found a Calibration App that Activates the GPS Circuit, Then you will Be able to you Speedometer,Compass Apps with no Problem,  I Dumped My Tracfone 800G for this ZTE, and be leave me it's the best move you can Make, TS is very Smoove and Accurate , Once in awhile you have to Tap twice but that's ok!!  And you can Update the Phone as well, as the Apps, Great Phone my First Smart Phone,  Dont know what happend to my Tracfone 800G seems to be Dieing after a year it just Fails and Slows Down,.. I'm pretty sure that everybody has Got rid of there Tracfone 800G's for these ZTE's  So if your reading this Go ahead and Order Android you One for $100 you get the 200 Airtime Card or $39 you only get the Phone and maybe the Cord, for $59 you will get All except the 200 Airtime card, So you don't need to Pay the Full $100 Unless you all ready have a Charger..  GOOD LUCK!!!!

The Wi-Fi reception of this phone is only fair.  To me, that's a deal-breaker.  You need to be able to get on wi-fi where it's available to save on data and to increase speed.

Great to be able to have a true smart phone that doesn't cost an arm and a leg to use. I love it

We've been tracfone customers for many years and am glad to see they've finally made it to offering some entry level android smartphones. I used this phone for almost a month and was impressed with the smooth functioning of the touch screen and ease of adding apps, ect. Where this phone lost 2 stars for me, and what eventually made it a deal breaker and made me return it was mainly two things. Tracfone has made its reputation on the ease with which you can keep track of the minutes and service days you use, which is very important to me. With this new system, they have not yet ironed out the app that allows you to do this from the phone screen, which negates the main reason I carry a tracfone. It seemed like I was losing some min and txt time every few days and I have no  idea how or why, (I had the data mode disabled and only made calls using google voice while on wifi, so I don't know how this was possible.Second, the wifi connection, as reported by others, is very weak and barely reaches 15-18 ft from our wireless router in our small, (1400 sq ft), home. I think  once these type of smartphones have been on the tracfone brand for a while longer and these issues are ironed out, we may try another one sometime down the line. Meanwhile, the LG840G does more than I need a cell phone to do, (watch video/read books/listen to music/basic web surfing/take basic video/pictures...and oh yes, make an occasional phone call).

Wife gave me one (1st &#34;Smartphone&#34;) as Christmas gift.  Worked fine for a couple of days, then it locked up.  Only way to make it come on was to take the battery out and put it back in.  Then it started happening daily so we returned it for another one.  The 2nd one would not connect to my WIFI network.  Tracfone people tried to convince me problem was with my WIFI but couldn't explain why the first phone connected OK, but second one couldn't.  Retuning second phone also and looking for something else.

The phone is pretty typical for android IP phones, I had some issues with transferring the number I already owned and ended up with another number. That is however tracfones issue not this phone. Good phone for what I wanted and needed to have.

This ZTE looks just like a fancy smartphone and offers the same features, but is SO much cheaper. I bought it and as soon as I charged it I was able to switch my existing tracfone phone number to this one. (See below for important catch).  I had to spend some time getting acquainted with all the features, and was able to set up my email accounts easily without all that log in data that usually takes some knowledge (of which I have none).  Lots of regular features, plus Bluetooth.  Data is easy, but reading from the net is small and awkward.It can be used in portrait and landscape position, just be turning the phone.  Easy to set alarms and also a bedtime clock that is faint but helpful at night.  Standard camera and video.Here's the big issue to watch out for:  when I transferred my phone number (which was super easy) it deleted the minutes I had left on my tracfone.  I thought both would transfer. TF was then a royal pain in the behind at this point, saying I had no minutes left, and my old phone became &#34;unregistered&#34; when I sent the new number over so I lost almost 200 minutes.  I was ticked and TF says there was no way to determine how many minutes were lost. (Really? Their computers can't tell? I didn't believe them)SO, my advice is to have your old phone (if you are using one in the first place) and CALL tracfone and have them activate manually.  Make them confirm your minutes and data left before you do anything.  Have both phones in hand when you call.Another warning: when you set up email, it transfers all your email contacts as well. I hated this as I have thousands of contacts and I'm not sure how to weed them out now.  So check first to see if that's an option you can avoid.  OR, set up a new gmail or yahoo account first on your PC and then use that for your phone email, if anything to make it less messy.I hope you find this helpful. Respond to this review if you have questions and I will get write back to you.

I purchased my zte last week and after trying for 3 days and 10 hours talking to tracfone, they suggested maybe the phone was defective. I could not make or receive calls. It always called &#34;horizon wireless&#34;. Anyway after reseting to factory default twice, I decided to send it back to Amazon.  I ordered another one, this was cheaper by about 30 dollars, so it seemed like I got a good deal. I contacted Tracfone again for the same problem, two days went bye, being connected to idiots, and non English speaking agents, I was disconnected three times after spending about an hour each time. Finially this morning, I suggested that maybe I needed a new phone NUMBER.  She agreed that she would do that...lo and behold, no problems (so far) everything works as expected.Anyway, I love Amazon, and I hope to love my ZTE. We will see.

If it was possible, I would certainly give this phone zero stars! This phone is terrible! If I am in the room where my wifi router is, I still have no wifi service! Plus, this phone is very slow loading everything, and it feels cheap. Avoid this phone!

Today my phone's touch screen stopped working immediately following a normal phone call.  None of the buttons on the face of the phone work, only the push buttons on the side work.  I've had this phone just over a month, never dropped it or mistreated it, and it had a screen protector and case on it from day 1.  I am VERY unhappy about it.  Unbelievable.

The ZTE is a good phone. It is what I needed as a new smart phone user who does not use the web that much. The only problem I have with it is that sometimes it is hard to hear some people when I call them. Now I don't know if this because of their end or mine but I have had an issue with this. The screen is clear. I don't like the fact that you have several screens that you scroll through to find some of the apps that you want. I am still learning all the features. The photos are okay not great but for my needs the camera will do.

What a bargain!  This impresses me as equal to the phones that people were getting when they spent over $1000 for the phone and contract from other providers.  I will easily get by for $7 per month because this phone does all its Android activities by connecting automatically to my home Wi-Fi network so that I almost never use phone minutes (or data megs) that I have paid for.  This phone links up with our new Toyota Avalon too and enables all the smartphone features that our deluxe voice activated navigation system offers that require a Bluetooth smartphone.

Previous tracfones have worked for me both at home and at my cottage. However, this phone is different and although it works great at home, doesn't work at my cottage. I went back and searched on phones that work near my cottage and none of the android tracfones appear to work there so I have to believe these run on a different network.  However, the phone itself is just fine. Only complaint with the phone itself is that I have to turn off Wi-Fi, Data and Bluetooth to preserve battery life when the point was to have all of those things. If I want to have those features, I need to charge the phone on a daily basis. With previous tracfones such as the LG840G, I could literally get weeks out of a single charge and that phone had Bluetooth and data. However, the ZTE is still a much improved phone over the LG840G.  Also the camera on tracfone android phones could be better but this camera is again much better than I had on the LG840G phone.

If you want a very basic or are new to smartphones this is the way to go! It will run just about every app out there but it does have a limited memory and the processor is older. Some of that can be fixed with a larger SD card, it comes with a 4gb but it can handle a 32gb. So make sure to move as many apps that you can to the card!  The camera works OK and it does have a flash that works, I wouldn't try to take wedding photos but if you want to take a quick picture of something it does the trick. And it also has Wifi.So kudos to Tracfone for finally offering something besides flip phones. And don't forget you get triple minutes for life! One caveat with the minutes is that they split the minutes between talk, text and data. If you get a 200 min card you get 600 min of talk, 600 texts and 600mb of data. The problem with that is that if like me you talk a lot on the phone you end up with lots of text and data and run out of talk minutes. So you buy more minutes you keep piling up the text and data to talk on the phone.

Hi, i bought my ZTE Valet from H.S.N. a short time ago. I bought the SuperShields, & the red silicone case. The phone is worth more then the $99.00 i spent for it. I received a great package from H.S.N. that was worth over $280.00 in perks. I was able to down-load all of the apps from the Goggle Play-store, without any problems. I had problems with trying to &#34;port&#34;, my old phone no. and minutes from the TracPhone web-site. they lost my old no. of three years. The customer service was not as much of a problem to me. The phone does almost as much as my H.T.C. Incredible 2 that retails for $549.00 i bought mine for one cent two years ago, from Staples. They price match all adds. When you are finish gettting the phone set up, down-load a &#34;task killing app&#34;, to disable all apps that run in the back ground. turn off from your home screen the Wi-Fi, Data, & Sync, when not in use. You can also down-load from the Goggle store the TracPhone app. That will give you at a glance, your information you need.I use DR. Web Light for my anti-virus protection, It is outstanding, plus its free! I would buy this phone again.

I  have used cell phones since the eighties, when I sold them. I am not on my phone a lot, but still like to carry a cell so I can make and receive calls when necessary. I have used prepaid phones for the last 15 years or so, because they really fit my needs. I also like Tracfone because their prices and coverage are very hard to beat (don't get me started about their service). I have a computer background and always wanted a smartphone, but couldn't justify the cost of an IPhone and a long contract. When prepaid Androids started becoming available a few years ago, I tried several different Androids from several different carriers, but have always ended up with a bad phone, bad coverage, or have paid for minutes I didn't use. I was one of those people waiting for Tracfone to offer Androids.Last fall, when Tracfone moved in that direction, I checked over the specs and reviews for the 3 Androids they offered, and decided on the Valet. What a mistake! The first phone they sent me froze up and could not be activated, so I had to wait 2 weeks for a replacement. The replacement phone is extremely slow and buggy, and freezes up regularly. It regularly launches apps or turns on the camera or the calculator in the middle of a phone call. The touch screen is unresponsive, and sometimes has to be punched repeatedly to make things work. I get 1 or 2 bars on my home wifi when I am 20-25 feet from the router. This phone came out last fall, and the price is already being cut 50% - this should tell you something.The LG Optimus Dynamic ll is a few dollars more, but has a bigger screen, is quicker and more responsive (using the same size processor), and has a more attractive design. To me it is entirely superior to the Valet. I haven't used the other Tracfone Androids, so I can't comment on them, but I can tell you that the ZTE Valet is a terrible turkey and a must to avoid.

I was dying to get away from my contract plan (Galaxy Note 2 on US Cellular) and spotted this device in the store one day.  Never before did I imagine a functional Android phone could be maintained for as little as $7/month on a cellular network that is very reliable.  Yet, here it is...and I highly recommend this product to anyone looking to test the Android waters without spending a fortune.Let's be clear what this is not: A high-end phone with a data plan that allows you to stream audio and YouTube like it's going out of a style.  It is not a Samsung S4 with a snappy processor and hi-res camera.  If you're looking for that type of Android experience, you'll have to spend hundreds more -- even on a prepaid device.  What the Valet does do, however, is remarkable for its specific price point.The 1 GHz processor can run basic apps just fine.  Anything that is demanding (like games or HD video) will obviously challenge the Valet's hardware.  Just out of curiosity, I played Temple Run Oz since that game has fast-paced 3D graphics and relies heavily on accurate touch response and tilting.  To my surprise, the game was actually playable on the Valet.  The frame rate was sluggish in brief instances, and the overall display wasn't visually stunning, but the swipes and tilts registered quite effectively.  Considering this is a bare-bones mobile device, it was a bit surprising to see this game perform adequately.The Valet's battery life is typical for Android.  The call quality seemed passable, but the speaker volume is a little on the weak side.  Most of the specs on this phone are running average to below-average compared to other Android devices.  One pleasant surprise was the inclusion of a notification LED.  Even some mid-range phones lack this important feature, but the Valet does have it.  It also accepts MicroSD cards up to 32 GB, in case the 4 GB card (included) does not get the job done.I was also pleasantly surprised by the amount of on-board storage.  Most entry-level prepaid devices don't have nearly enough internal storage capability.  The Valet boasts 4 GB internal, so you should have enough room for all your important apps and even a little extra space for non-essential ones.  Once again, for a sub-$100 Android device, you certainly can't find too many faults here.The biggest downside is the camera which is barely useful for anything but the simplest photos.  There is a flash, but no auto-focus.  The image quality might be okay for MMS messages.  However, anything beyond that purpose is going to be a disappointment.  This is not a huge deal-breaker for me personally since the phone does well in other areas.It is Tracfone's tremendous value which has made the Valet impressive to me.  Not everyone needs a high-end mobile device that costs over $100 per month to operate.  In fact, most people could get by with far less and not suffer any ill consequences.  This is the market segment that is all too often ignored by the big carriers.  If you're someone who has sat on the fence about getting a smartphone because of cost, the Valet has taken away your very last reservation.  Plans can run as little as $7 per month, depending on your usage patterns of course, and are extremely flexible for most basic-to-moderate cell phone users.  As an added bonus, the Valet is powered by Verizon's well-respected CDMA network meaning you won't have to worry much about &#34;dead zones&#34; and dropped calls.I couldn't give this phone a five-star rating due to some technical shortcomings, but it has earned a solid four-star review in my estimation.  Simply put, in a dollar-to-dollar comparison, the Valet on Tracfone gives you more than most every other prepaid offering out there right now.

I have been using Tracfone system for several years and find that it works great for me for a very low monthly price. The new ZTE Valet phone works great for me. It operates somewhat differently than my wife's iphone 5 smart phone but it has all the features that I need. After all, this is just a phone and not my life.

I'm a long-time Tracfone user, and my previous phone, I referred to as my &#34;almost smart-phone.&#34; This one is so far above and beyond that I am absolutely thrilled with it. The touch screen is responsive, it does all I ask of it, it connects to wi-fi, so I can use it without using my precious megabytes of data up... bottom line, I'd cheerfully recommend this phone. If you have previous smart-phone experience, then I can't say (for instance, does it stack up to an iPhone? I don't know.) I felt Tracfone was more than fair in how they converted my remaining minutes (I had 2200 minutes left which they converted to 2200 talk minutes plus 2200 texts plus 2200 Mb in data.) You can turn the &#34;data&#34; &#34;off&#34; so that it won't connect via those precious megabytes, so that they don't get used up &#34;updating&#34; apps. I leave my data turned off, and wi-fi connected, unless I need the data for some reason (no wi-fi available). Seriously, this is a great phone for tracfone users.

Everything has worked as expected.  Like the help screens.  Wish that it was easier to check remaining minutes on phone.

Was a great phone--I had fun with if for a week. Then we traveled outside my home zip code and all service stopped!! It went back to the store and I went back to my original Tracfone. Tracfone androids run use the CDMA network and Tracfone does not buy CDMA usage from everyone (i.e., Cellcom in NE WI). Went back to my dumb but dependable GSM Tracfone where I have gotten service all over the US. So beware--this smart phone will not work everywhere.

For me, don't own a computer, use the one at work.  I had a basic cell phone from tracfone for years, having bought it for the car in case I got stuck etc.  Still I  have been interested in "being more connected" but without monthly fees so when I heard that tracfone had a few androids, I talked with someone from IT where I work, and went for this one.  Yeah, it may not have the bells and whistles or the speed of other smart phones out there, but then again, I pay under $10.00 per month.  So far, the phone is working fine.  I don't plan on using it for streaming music or video--nor do I intend to download all sorts of apps. I just want to be able to use the web, check email and connect to work -- meaning I intend to use the phone for the basics.  Don't know what all the criticism is about the phone unless someone simply got a "dud."  It is what it is and if you want a fancy phone with lots of bells and whistles, then pay $200 a month and get an iPhone. This phone gets the job done for me and is affordable. Also, as I did with my old tracfone, I bought a 1 year card and then I made sure I didn't go over--this is how to maintain the low monthly fee.  Same with this Android--however---I doubt it will be a problem because they triple the units upon purchase at tracfone and I'm not a person who is texting every two minutes or making lots of calls, nor will I be a heavy web user.  One word of warning....having been a tracfone user for years, their customer service system is useless.  They have call centers all over the world, which is fine, but what happens is it takes forever to resolve issues-- 45 min or so while someone puts you on hold while they "check for information" then finally they pass you onto someone else and you start all over again.  Thankfully I haven't had to use their service often, but it is very difficult, insanely frustrating to resolve problems.

Having been a tracfone user for 4+ years I am glad they've finally got around to having some android phones. I have a iphone 5s from work and this phone can do everything that one does at about 1/4 the cost. Absolutely love it!

The phone works OK, but their minutes advertising is deceptive. They offer pop-up incentives of extra minutes on their web site. But what they fail to mention is that they don't offer these bonus minutes on android phones. Even though they say elsewhere that for android phones on their minute plans that triple the minutes the bonuses are not tripled. I purchased a card under this guise and then they refused to either give me the bonus or refund my purchase - all minutes after I made the purchase and inquired where my bonus was as it didn't show up. I consider this a disreputable practice, ... false advertising, ... whatever you want to call it, that's what I think it is.

Word of WARNING. Please share this. If you are a Tracfone user and are thinking of switching to their Android phones...DON'T. We purchased this Android Tracfone for my daughter at Christmas thinking it would be nice for her to have the extra capabilities next year on campus. Triple minutes...sounds great too. On her previous phone a 120 minute card tripled was 360 minutes. A text was 1/3 of a minute so she got 1080 texts. On the new Android phones you get 120 phone minutes, 120 texts, and 120 data minutes. Since my daughter usually texts she was out of texts and had added enough air time to have over 1000 talk minutes built up. We decided to transfer her back to her old phone figuring she could at least use those minutes up before getting a different service. They transferred her number, but the Android phone contract does not allow for transfer of minutes. No service rep (and I talked to too many in the transfer process)mentioned that, and the first rep actually said they WOULD transfer. Her new phone from a different carrier arrives today. They have lost one customer from this family and once my minutes are gone I will be considering new carriers as well. BAD move Tracfone.

The phone is good, still trying to use it well.  The charger does not charge my phone, i have to use my car charger in order to charge my phone.  Not always convenient!

The speaker is so low in volume that it's impossible to use this phone hand's free.  Also, I've been unable to activate the Tracfone voicemail after numerous tries.  Basically this phone is useless to me.  Too bad, because I like the phone, if only it worked like it should.

Wife has yhad it about a month now.  Coverage is fairly good so far.Stupid minute distribution when you purchase time.  I.E. If you buy 180 it is split 60 talk, 60 text, 60 data.  Not going to work for us usage is not that evenly split.Beats 100.00/month like a drum!Considering tossing my (the other phone) high dollar Sprint boat anchor and switch to this or another pay as you go plan.  Cost benefit is just hard to pass on.

Good Phone.

While the functions of the phone are okay, it will not work in my area because the carrier (Verizon) that TracFone uses for it's Android phones does not provide any service here. I had to return the phone.

I bought this phone for my husband.  It's been very user friendly for him and he has learned more about it than he has previous phones.  He enjoys using it.  Nice phone and a real good size.

Pros:Modest sizeResponsive screenGood battery lifeEasy to turn Wi-Fi on/offCons:Wi-fi connectivity terrible unless signal is strongDetails:I bought this phone as a bridging device since I am transitioning away from a basic phone on an unlimited family plan with a major carrier, and have little idea of my data/text/voice usage. My husband had an old basic Tracfone with a lot of minutes, so we thought this would make sense as a transition plan.Transferring all the minutes from the old phone to the new phone was a bit of a hassle. We couldn't do it online, but had to call customer service. We finally succeeded after about 30 minutes on the phone. The person on the phone had a very strong accent (but was pleasant and willing to repeat his instructions).Initially, I was fairly happy with the ZTE Valet. I haven't made any calls on it (still weaning myself from that old basic phone) but texting and apps work well. The screen is responsive (I bought the SuperShieldz HD Clear Screen Protectors, and they're pretty good). I don't intend to play any games requiring web access, and my apps tend to require limited data (weather, flight tracking), so the modest processor doesn't bother me. The battery life is quite good when the phone is on standbyWhat knocks the Valet from a 4-star phone to a 3-star phone is the Wi-Fi connectivity. It works well at my house, where we have a strong signal. It has worked on strong public Wi-Fi. Once I'm at work (a major research university) I cannot get a connection. I've tried it in several buildings, and it cannot use the signal. I had intended to rely on the Wi-Fi network while at work, but that's not possible with this phone. The university's Wi-Fi signal isn't bad--I can connect well using other devices--but this phone apparently needs a very strong signal to use Wi-Fi.If you need a basic smartphone and plan to primarily use the cell network, the Valet is a good option. If you plan to use Wi-Fi, make sure you have a very strong signal where you plan to use it. I'll probably switch to another phone in a few months.

have had a couple issues but ok overall

This is the only way to go if you want a smart phone.  Expect cost to be less than $15 per month.

Tracfone service is the best, which is why I was very excited about this phone.The phone lags a bit when opening apps.  The speakerphone/ringtone speaker is not the loudest, however is still loud enough to hear in most places.  The vibration is quite weak.The camera, which is 3 megapixels, looks far worse than my 2mega pixel Samsung device...the flash for the camera is very dim.

I got it at Target with price match (Bestbuy) and I was happy for not paying $99.99 but I play with it a little bit and the screen is gray , no colors and looks like a $10 bucks phone.. No wait  My refurbish free phone have much better screen and camera than this.. TOMORROW IS GOING BACK TO THE STORE.

I purchased my ZTE Valet (Z665C) in October 2013...I finally had the chance to upgrade to a "smart" phone with my Tracfone plan.After using the phone for about 2 months, my overall grade for the phone would be a "C Minus".Here are some key features that are missing or of poor quality:1.  The camera on the phone is not great and it lacks a critical autofocus feature.  Without the autofocus, you cannot focus on close items, such as bar codes or QR codes. So forget about using useful apps to look up prices, etc.2.  The sensors are limited.  For example, it has not magnetic field sensors, so you cannot use the phone with compass apps or other apps that need geospatial data (like Google Sky to see the stars will not work without the magnetic field sensors).3.  This is a generic Android phone, so when it boot up , you will not see any Tracfone logos or menus on the phone.  You will need to download Tracfone's app from the Google Play! store to track your balances (use the widget and get free text updates whenever you ask).As a basic phone it is OK...I am glad to have the ability to use it to access my Google schedule, check email, etc.Some notes about Tracfone airtime cards and transferring your phone number...1.  It is easy to transfer your Tracfone phone number from one phone to the next...you can do it on line from your Tracfone account, or you can call Tracfone and they will assist.  Be sure to write down your minutes balance and service end date before you start just in case something goes wrong.2.  I purchased a Tracfone 400 minute airtime card bundled with this new smart phone (the phone has triple minutes for life, so value was 1200 minutes).  Unfortunately the Amazon vendor sent me an airtime card for a normal phone, instead of the new air cards fro a smart phone.  I had to call Tracphone to find out why my minutes didn't triple (and it took three different mangers and 2 hours on the phone for them to explain that they had set up a new type of card for smart phones).3.  What really annoyed me is that they would honor the 250 bonus minutes I would have received with my old cell phone.  The new smart phone airtime cards do not include any bonus minutes (read the very small print cleverly hidden on Tracfone's web site).  SUGGESTION:  To get around this, first load the new airtime card and bonus minutes on your old Tracphone, then transfer the number an minutes over to your new smart Tracfone.

granddaughters love them. Would have been nice to have minutes come with it, so they could use them right away.

I love this prepaid phone pay as you go i had a little issues with this phonebut issues was resolved and this phone do have a 1 year warranty whichis good  and has alot more features than other prepaid phones does not haveI am very satified with this phone and amazon do carry alot of great items and therepresentavies are very friendly and will give u  the very best advise and giveu very good services thanks again keep up the good work Mrs Sandra Mcgrady

I'm returning my new ZTE Valet today because Tracfone would not recognize the number on the 60 minute card that I bought. Finally they got the phone to work but I was not able to buy additional minutes online because their website wouldn't accept my serial number. I could add minutes on my husband's old Tracfone but not on my new one. The Tracfone customer service reps didn't seem to know much about this particular phone. I was on the phone with them for three hours. I'm very disappointed because I like the phone.

I am very disappointed with this 'smart' phone. The screen is terrible and does not respond well to touch. It is very difficult to view at any angle other than absolutely directly. Apps load slowly, wifi connection is terrible. Trust me, save your money and get a legit smart phone from somewhere else.

Worked for a couple of months

just got my ZTE Valet and am returning it. It's a total turkey. After turning it on I was able to get it to connect to the wifi in my home but it took a few tries because the on screen kbd keys are so small it was hard to enter the WPA key without making mistakes. My first inclination was so far so good. But then I tried to connect it to my PC to move over contacts from my old phone (an LG800) and that's where I ran into problems doing something that should be a no brainer.When I connect my LG to my PC with the usb to mini usb cable the PC (running win XP) recognizes the SD drive right off the bat. When I did the same with the ZTE Valet it wanted me to install some drivers. OK, so I install the drivers. 2 drives show up in Windows Explorer. The first is a tiny 12MB partition that has the driver install on it. When I go to click on the 2nd windows says "please insert a disc". For some reason the ZTE supplied driver is looking to windows like a CD-ROM. Not good. Restarting the machine yields no better results.Next I try going in to the settings on the Android phone and changing the PC connection settings so it won't automatically install the driver. Options are to make it look like a media device or a camera. Either way the SD card won't show up as a drive and the system wants a media application I don't have and don't want to bother installing.Next attempt was to pull the SD card from my LG and just put it in the ZTE directly. No better luck here because although it did see the mp3s on the SD it would only recognize some of them. So much for wanting to customize my ringtones like I have on the LG.Then I took a crack at downloading a SW tool from ZTE called "JoinMe". Initially this tool wouldn't even see the phone was there. But then I recalled I'd uninstalled the drivers that the phone had installed. So I went back and changed the setting PC connection setting from Media to Auto Install and once the drivers installed the JoinMe app on Win XP started to recognize there was a phone there but couldn't get the device info. The app had some tips in very broken English that I eventually figured out wanted me to go to the settings, developer options, and activate the developer options and then enable USB debugging mode.Once I did that it started to recognize the device info and it then wanted to push some driver up onto the phone so I let it. However even after it did that, while the JoinMe tool was able to get the device info that was all it was able to do. All of the tool icons at the top of the JoinMe win XP app stayed greyed out. It was like ZTE's own app for talking to the phone couldn't even communicate with it. And just to get it that far required putting the phone in developer mode and turning on debugging, all of which I'm sure is not very conducive to phone security.So I never even bothered to have TracFone move my phone number to it. Instead I called the 800 number on the 30 day no hassle warranty and got a return authorization because after trying for 3 hours to do something the LG can do in 30 seconds (even though it's not a "smart" phone) and seeing the meager, miserable documentation in broken English that ZTE has for the Valet I was real sure this phone would be nothing but trouble if I kept it.If your really want an Android phone from TracFone then spring the extra for the Samsung since it is probably not half baked like this ZTE Valet is. I myself am going to wait a little longer and hope TracFone picks some better models to offer than this turkey...

My husband and I ordered two of these phones at the same time. From the beginning, mine worked great. His did not. And it continued to get worse till he finally was unable to make or receive calls. He returned it and bought another ZTE Valet from Best Buy and it's been fine. All this to say, it seems it can go either way with these phones. I think they are a good phone at the price, but at that price, I guess you risk having a few glitches.

I wanted the cheapest possible smartphone plan for occasional use, and found Tracfone to be the way to go. I started with the 1200 minutes/texts/mb plan with a year of service so it won't expire too soon, and that was a good choice for me since I don't make calls often, and only use data for quick checks when I'm not on wifi.The phone is awful though. Google Maps crashes all the time and I can't use it. Browsing the web reminds me of the days of dialup, and it's purely because this phone can't handle it since I have very fast wifi at home. It works okay for calls, though when I switched, many people told me my call quality had dropped and they had a harder time hearing me. Both the cell signal and wifi signal are significantly reduced compared to other phones being used in the same place. I restart the phone before expecting to surf the web to at least start out fresh, but that just brings it from 'barely usable' to 'mediocre'.The camera is a piece of junk. Image quality is awful compared to any other phone I've used. The tint is always off, the images are grainy, and they never seem to focus well. Forget being able to snap a pic of something up close to research later, as any picture closer than 5ft has never came out in focus. This may be acceptable for instagram, but for anything else it's way sub-par.The only good thing about the phone is battery life. I mostly left it alone and once got 6 days on standby before it got to 10% battery. With my typical use, I get about 2 days. You really only get about 3 hours of heavy use, so if you are playing a game, surfing the web, responding to emails, etc. it will die pretty quickly, and this mostly seems to be due to having the screen on. I bought a spare battery for a few bucks which works great too, as a backup for traveling away from outlets.The trick I've found to making the most of Tracfone is to route your number through Google Voice. Since I take most of my calls at home by a computer anyway, I can just answer the calls on Google and not use any minutes. Texts sent via Google Voice are free also, but you pay for the ones received. Wifi is the key to limiting data use too, and I leave data off unless I am actively using it. This has meant that I can get by on about 2000 minutes per year which means I pay at most $200/yr for service.

Bought this phone at Best Buy. It worked ok for a couple of days. I could not send or receive multimedia messages but it would send regular text. In fact, you can &#34;talk&#34; and it will put the info in the text for you. Anyway I made the mistake of resetting the phone, hoping that would correct something that might be wrong. After resetting it would not make calls, but it would ring if I called it.  It wasn't indicated that the phone would stop working if it was reset, it just said the data, phone numbers and messages, would be erased. I was with Tracfone for an hour and a half inputting numbers, restarting the phone, even removing the battery. I did this with two different people. FRUSTRATING!! The second person told me that another part of their trouble shooting would have to be contacted, but they weren't available and I'd need to call back the next day.. We'll, I'm not gonna do that. It's going back. I don't think Tracfone is ready for these new android phones...just my opinion of course.

Good phone for the price. Also one of the best tracfone androids. The only thing i dont like is that it can be laggy sometimes. The rest about it is good

Very, very good deal for the money.  The phone does everything you need.  I bought this for my nephew and told the other nephew if he liked it I'd get him one for his birthday.  He was constantly borrowing his brother's so I knew he loved it.  They both have one now and are very happy with them.

Try the Samsung, I got this and the Wi-Fi like others have said is poor. 15 feet-20 feet from router max distance and I have the Linksys WRT54GL.  Touchscreen requires 4-5 touches often before response. Can play andriod games though, processor is decent. But that's not enough for me to recommend it.

Returned this phone after one week. I couldn't count on it at all since my calls and texts would not always go through, one text went through to an I-pad but never did go to the phones that I sent it to. Tapping an icon on the screen would not guarantee that I would get the right one. Very slow response at times even when I was in the same room with the modem.

I have now had this phone for 1 month and can say that it is a great phone from Tracfone.  The seller is very good, this is my 3rd purchase from him and all have been good phones.  They all still work, my first was the LG 800G, then I went to the LG840 as that had the wifi and now I have this one as it is an android phone and the google play store is available so it is possible to obtain all different manner of apps.  The Verizon cell phone service in my area is better than Sprint or AT &T so I was happy to see that this phone is on the Verizon network.  I use this phone at my employment and until now the cell signal was very poor as the building is all metal and glass.  With this phone I usually get at least 1 bar and many times I get 2 bars.  With the other phones I could barely get 1 bar and had to be by a window in order to use them.  This phone came with a 4 gb card which is a big help.  The Bluetooth feature works very well and I was able to bring my contacts over from my LG 840G to this phone in 1 step, easy, easy!!  The camera on this phone is the best one you can get on any Tracfone and it even has a flash which is a plus.  I recommend downloading the free app so you can know how many minutes, texts and data you have left.  I transferred my minutes and service days online, however I had to make a phone call to have some of the minutes transferred.  Doing this change online the system only transfers 1100 minutes, if you have more than that you will need to call Tracfone but that was accomplished easily in just one call.  Be aware that with this phone you now have 3 different "banks"  the first is your talk minutes, these are tripled, so if you buy a 60 minute card you will get 180.  If you send or receive a text that comes out of your "text" bank and not your minutes.  You then get 180 texts if you buy the 60 minute card.  The "data" bank is when you go online using 3 G.  Tracfone will deduct from your "data" bank when you go online using 3 G.  You get 180 mb of data when you purchase a 60 minute card.  If you find that you use the data more than anything else and your data is used up before your service days you can buy a data card from Walmart or it can be purchased online just like the regular airtime cards.  If you go online using wifi then there is no deduction from your "data" bank so it is better to save your "data" bank for when there is no wifi available.  I have been able to view many websites and get my email with this phone, the text messaging works fine and is there immediately.

This is a terrible phone.  Have had the phone for only a short time and am already shopping for a new phone.  I bought it because it was rated similar to the Samsung Centura but was $35 cheaper.  I regret my purchase.  The main things I don't like about this phone are:-  Very weak Wi-Fi signal.  You need to be within about 20 yards to be able to connect.-  Even with the phone on, calls will sometime go straight to voicemail.-  Trying to check voicemail can be a chore.  Voicemail can perform very erratically.-  I have been able to send emails, but it doesn't connect to the server on incoming emails.-  Haven't figured out how to check my minutes balance.  When I go online to check my balance, the website tells me my phone is inactive, when it is active.-  Sometimes contacts that have been there for awhile disappear.-  It's difficult to take photos outdoors because of the reflection off the phone.-  The sound quality is inconsistent.  My old Motorola C139 had better quality.These are only the things I can think of at the moment.I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I am a longtime Tracfone user because I don't use the cell enough to justify a long term plan. But, whenever I traveled out of town, I always had to carry a separate device (iPod, netbook, kindle, etc.) for e-mail, eBay auctions.  I bought this phone to handle calls and internet in one device.This works pretty well for me, as it has WiFi, and so I don't have to use the airtime minutes for internet while I'm traveling. The downside is that it runs on Verizon network, and I live in an area where Verizon coverage can be spotty and call quality is pretty bad. I wish Tracfone offered a similar device on the ATT network, which has better coverage where I live. Also, because I have used Ipod and Kindle, I expect the screen to be super-responsive, and it's not. This phone is better than the previous touchscreen phone I had from Tracfone, and it is workable for the basic things I need it for. But, I would not waste my time downloading a bunch of apps from Google Play, and it would just be too frustrating, given the so-so responsiveness of the screen.

This is the best Tracpone that I have had, I can hear very good with this phone and it has very good reception.Plus the great feature of triple minutes.

This has been the worst phone i have ever bought the signal is weak i barely get 2 bars outside the wifi signal doesnt work outside my house.

Phone works, but touch screen is not consistently sensitivewould not buy this unit again or recommend it to others

The phone works ok but don't count on anyone at tracfone to help you with anything. I bought a used phone from a friend of mine and used it for 4 months without a big problem and then I called tracfone to register the phone to my account. When they did this, they changed my phone number without telling me and somehow removed 916MB of data from my account. When I called them about it 3 times and about 3 hours worth, 4 different people including a supervisor told me that I screwed up and must have let a program run and that is why my data disappeared. I did not use the phone that night which was the same night that tracfone was messing with my phone(a remarkable coincidence). This is just another way that a billion dollar company makes money. Don't trust tracfone!

I found this phone very touchy.  It has been interesting getting use to it.  But I must say it is not the phone it is me!  I am still learning how to use some of the features.  But I am determined to get it mastered.  At 71 I am a slow learner.

Are there much better Android phones available right now? Of course there are. There isn't, however, anything that I would more highly recommend for a Tracfone user who wants to use it for the things that I want to use mine for. A few years ago, reps at some major mobile service providers would almost become hostile at the mention that I wanted to have a smartphone but I didn't want to have a data plan. They would parrot off some stupid lines about not using the phone to its potential or some other garbage as justification for the fact that their company would not allow you to activate and use a smartphone without paying for their expensive monthly data plans. I have had a plan like that before, and I only ever used data a few times a week. For the most part I have access to wifi 90 percent of the day, and I do like to be able to pull out my phone to check email, look something up, and use/update a few apps that I like. ItIt was not worth 30-40 bucks to me to have all kinds of available data usage I would never make a dent in. I felt like someone wanting to grab a quick snack like an apple and the only options available were pricey all-you-can-eat buffets. Between that, not being super fond of texting (so I made no dent in my available texts either), and having a Magic Jack at home that I use to make any long or business type calls, even my relatively low-priced grandfathered plan from 2006 was looking like a huge waste of money. So I switched to Tracfone and have been more than happy that I did. I spend less than 20 bucks a month for 2 phones and always carry over some unused minutes. One thing I kept saying I would love was to be able to have a smartphone that I could use with wifi when I wanted, load on useful things like a graphing calculator (for Calculus class that I am currently in, backup contacts with google, and have the option to use a little bit of data on the occasions where I wanted/needed to do something and didn't have wifi available all without a contract or hefty monthly fee.A couple of weeks ago I went to Best Buy and bought the ZTE Valet right after they because available to use on Tracfone. I typically expect to find a few things that disappoint me when my expectations are high for something inexpensive, but I can honestly say that every criteria I had come up with before buying the phone was exceeded. I can turn off 3g easily and not worry about accidentally using my data. I can download and use every app that I used to use on my deactivated Samsung Galaxy S (which I occasionally carried in addition to a cell phone needing two separate devices to be able at that time to do what I now can plus some with one), it is very fast and responsive (even if I had paid twice as much my expectations would have been surpassed), the camera is way better than the other phones I used with Tracfone before (nothing amazing but certainly good enough to post online or set as a pc screen background), and the battery life is fantastic. If I have it on but use it infrequently (maybe 10 minutes of web on wifi, 5 minutes on the phone, and 10 minutes just doing whatever) it will last several days without needing a charge. One day I used it to download apps and updates over wifi, surf the web, used the calulator for over 5 hours (you get a lot of homework in Calculus), and I had wifi turned on the entire day. This was 3 days after I had last charged it and I still had almost 40 percent of my battery left at the end of that day. I don't expect this to last forever, but this is about the best I have seen so far with any phone.I can't say anything regarding the call quality, so look elsewhere for that. The reason is that I just don't make many calls, and in the last 2 weeks I haven't actually used it to make any. I do see bars all day long, and I have ignored a few spam calls from some number that I recognized from answering on my previous phone with the same number. Texting works great. For me, splitting my tripled minutes into 60*3 = 180 minutes, 180 texts, and 180 MB has been great. Switching and transferring my old minutes (I had 420 minutes and got 420 minutes + 420 texts + 420 MB) was simple as well. The main thing that makes this a good fit for me is that I was already in these usage habits before (though using one phone and one Android device), so upgrade was 100 percent an enhancement. What I don't use my phone for is to constantly let everyone know where I am all day long, update and alert me about updates to every stupid thing that happens on Facebook or Twitter or whatever, check in on foursquare or whatever it's called, or anything like that. I have a TomTom in each car, but I did make sure the navigation works with google maps (it does just fine) just in case. If you are the type that actually could burn through multiple gigabytes of data every month, this phone would probably still be good, but what you care about and what I do would just be different... so you would likely find something else that better met your needs (though not while still using Tracfone).The point of this post (as I am not going into any technical details) is to help people who might have about the same usage desires as I do to make a decision by confirming a few areas that I considered when deciding if I would get the ZTE Valet. I would give it 5 stars for what it is and for what it isn't even if I had paid as much as $300 for it. I have yet to find one thing that causes me the slightest unmet expectation. Sure, it would be nice to have a front camera, awesome speakers, HD video capture, etc. but then I would have paid a lot more than 99 bucks and I would be a lot more worried about something happening to it.I have one piece of advice for anyone that decides to get this phone. Unless you really want all of that google stuff (like Google+ , hangout, and half a dozen other things) running because you use them all the time, save yourself a lot of Ram and battery power by disabling them. To do so you have to remove the updates first. Just hit the menu button, go to Manage Apps, scroll through to find the stuff you don't plan on using (make sure you know what things are at least though before stopping them), then remove updates and disable from there. Advanced TaskKiller or something like it is helpful too for keeping stuff off that you don't want running when you aren't using it. There is nowhere near as much of this junk as you get when you buy a phone from a dealer with a contract and it comes full of bloatware, but I still prefer to maximize my battery life and speed.

Phone is not bad, but is a pain in the butt to set up the phone. Their website (TracFone) is useless, but their customer representative are very helpful. Which means all our questions and concern can only be answer through phone call. So we spend 2 days with the customer representative. Every time you think a problem is fixed, another one pops up (e.g account number, voicemail, account credit, account password from your previous phone provider, and etc..). I guess you get what you paid.  But once all problem is taken care of the phone becomes very useful.

My wife bought me a ZTE Valet for Christmas to replace my LG P506. I read reviews where people complained of poor Wifi but I thought that it was probably just weak router beacons. Nope, it is the ZTE.In places where my LG gets a full set of wifi bars, the ZTE Valet receives 1 or 2 bars. At Starbucks where I sit at the outside table the LG connects just fine but the ZTE Valet can't even find the signal.I like the phone for everything else, it is Jellybean, is responsive but I can't stand a poor wifi signal.I have an old cheap Pandigital laying around that can connect in places the ZTE Valet can not connect.Why would thy have made such a weak Wifi receiver. Bad mistake and this puppy is going back to the store.Plus when you call the Service Hotline: 877-817-1759 it will go through a few ques (English press one, etc.) eventually the recording will say that the phone number is not recognized.I really would not suggest this phone.

Let's face it.  The majority of people who buy this ZTE Valet are doing so because they don't want to pay a high monthly fee or lay out a lot of up front cash for a CASUAL USE phone.  After doing some extensive research I am convinced that this Tracfone deal delivers the best bang for the buck, and Tracfone subscribers now have a good entry level smartphone which has some features that other more expensive entry level phones are lacking, including Android 4.1.One of the reasons I bought this phone was to have some Pandora smooth jazz playing over wifi while I labored outside raking leaves for a good three hours.  Well, it worked flawlessly.  No matter where I was in the yard the music played without a hitch, and my guess is that the farthest distance was some 70 feet from the router with the router being on the opposite side of the house.  The manual says it can work up to 100 meters which is over 200 feet.  Not sure why, but I'm just not experiencing the wifi distance problems that others claim they are having.Another reason I bought this particular phone was that it allows you to move some apps to the sd card to free up some memory, and not all android phones have that option.  My understanding is that freeing up memory helps the unit run quicker.  I've moved a handful of apps over to a 32GB card already with no issues.  Before installing a new card I think you need to copy the stuff that was on the 4GB card included with the unit over to the new card and then add apps, music, photos, etc.One important note for those who are considering upgrading their Tracfone to the ZTE or any of the other androids.  The airtime promo codes do not work on the androids.  So, if you already have a non-android triple minutes phone you may want to load some airtime on it using a promo code to get some extra minutes.  Then when you activate your android all of the minutes will carry over to each of the three buckets (phone, text, data).  I didn't have a triple minute phone, but I had no issues transferring minutes from my old phone and adding one year of service with triple minutes to the Valet.I've only had the phone a couple of weeks, but so far so good.  Making and receiving calls with no problems, wifi connectivity is fine, apps are running okay, navigation seems simple enough, etc.  Anxious to try the GPS, camera, and other features that are loaded on this phone.  Like I said, if you want a good casual use smartphone for not a lotta money this is an excellent choice.

Maybe I just got a lemon...I dunno. All I know is that I'm sending this thing back to Amazon. This phone has a lot of great features for the price, but if I leave it on for an hour or two, even with plenty of charge left, a lot of times it will be totally unresponsive when I tap the power button to bring it out of sleep mode. Nothing happens...it won't even turn off! I have to remove the back cover (after removing the rubber skin I bought for it) and then remove and re-insert the battery. Then it starts working again, but what a hassle! Tracfone support had no explanation as to why this was happening. Well, it shouldn't do that, OBVIOUSLY, so either the phone is defective or is just a product of bad engineering.Thankfully, Amazon has a longer-than-usual return period for cell phones, because I don't want to put up with the freezing up issue on an ongoing basis. As far as I am concerned, ZTE is not a legitimate competitor in the cellphone manufacturing market. I had never heard of them before...I WONDER WHY? If yours works, congrats, you got lucky! But I guess I'll try one of the other new Android phones covered by Tracfone, because I like their plans. Hopefully one of the others will be a real, working phone...LOL!EDIT:0 for 4 helpful votes already...ALRIGHT!! I'm gunning for that "Amazon's Most Unhelpful Review Ever" award...maybe this review will finally be the one...c'mon people, help me out...IT'S CHRISTMAS...let's make this 0 for 200 by the first of the year!!!! Keeping my fingers crossed!! LOLEDIT 5/14/14:NOW this phone is selling for $49.99...no surprise.

bought this on march 1st...have het to get it working correctly. The phone worded at first but, the wireless and browser did not. reset phone ..now browser and wireless work  and no phone and only 2 bars????? still working on it.

I wanted to upgrade my phone and will love it when I get use to all the new things that are on it

I am loving my new Android phone for TracFone. It does exactly what I need it to do, I have the apps I need at my finger tips anytime, anywhere. I have never been a big smartphone user, I do not live on my phone like most of people now of days so the prepaid thing is great. I

I just retired and wanted a tracphone to cut the overhead and this little phone is great.  Has all of the features that this old guy will ever use and at a fixed price.  Camera, text and phone plus apps, what more do ya' want?

The touch screen function on my phone did not work.  Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't work.  I talked to Tracfone customer service about this problem, and they said I needed to lightly touch the screen and release.  I tried this and it worked more often, but it still was flakey.  Frequently I needed to touch the screen 2-3 times before it worked.I might have been sent a lemon, but I did not want to risk getting another malfunctioning phone.  I sent the phone back to Amazon and ordered the Samsung Galaxy Centura phone instead.  The touchscreen capability on this phone works close to 100% of the time.

I like the phone. It has just the right amount of technology I need. Saving me big from my Verizon account.

Everything I expected in an upscale smart phone. Only drawback is a small screen but the price of it helps me to overcome that!

This is a decent phone for someone who doesn't want the hassle of paying a monthly fee. I recently had a tracfone and I switched my minutes and kept my same phone number,the process was easy over the internet. Being an android phone is good and google play is excellent. The only set back is that I can't use wi-fi to make calls and not use my minutes or can you.

This is my first &#34;smart&#34; phone and I'm very happy with it. The only knock I can express is that it, every once in a while, locks up so hard I have to remove the battery to get it going again. Also, I have noticed that the WiFi range doesn't seem to be as good as with my other wireless devices (Ipad, Chromecast). I had to reposition my wireless router into the room I most often use my ZTE in to get a signal that didn't periodically drop out. I also still haven't figured out how to control the various sounds that eminate from the doodad, but I expect that will come eventually. All-in-all, I don't think this phone, through TracFone, can be beat for twice the money.

Finally, a real smart phone from Tracfone!  I have used it now for several months & have no complaints at all.  I can use the 3G or wi-fi available wherever I am.  The camera takes a really decent picture, the video function works well too.  I've got my gmail, hotmail, & yahoo mail set up so it just takes a click to get there.  Facebook works well.  Maps was a nice surprise.  I would recommend it.

I like the phone but have had difficulty loading the already purchased apps from Amazon App store.  They wont download or install from the cloud as they do with my other android devices.  I can load through google play then amazon recognizes the same app as being downloaded from the Appstore

This phone is exactly what I needed. It uses Wi-Fi so don't hardly use up minutes except when in the go.

I had one prior experience with Tracfone's customer service about a year ago, and it was awful. However, I did ultimately get the problem resolved, and because the basic phone I was using did work, I stuck with the service. This week I decided to get the ZTE Valet phone and switch my service over to it... at $80 at Best Buy it seemed like the cheapest and simplest way to get a real working smartphone.I was not expecting anything like an Apple iPhone, or even anything close to it... if it worked it would be good enough for me. Unfortunately, the phone I purchased was defective (no ring tone), although I have to say that I was put off by just about every aspect of the phone -- the plasticky finish, the grainy screen, and most notably the very non-intuitive and glitchy interface. Still, if it had only worked...So I decided to switch my service back to the old phone. I had been able to switch service from the old phone to the ZTE using the Tracfone website, but I couldn't switch back that way, so I called customer service. After navigating Tracfone's automated phone system to get to a customer service rep and a half-hour of being told to "just stand by" by a woman with a highly questionable command of the English language, I was told that Tracfone COULD NOT switch the service back, at least not without their sending me a new SIM card. I have to mention that every time the customer service rep attempted to "explain" something technical, her explanation did not really make sense -- I'm no technical genius but I'm smart enough to recognize a song and dance when I hear one. I think the whole SIM card thing was just a delaying tactic, as the woman did not even ask for a mailing address (plus she was obviously somewhere in the Philippines). Ultimately she did NOTHING for me... I had spent the better part of an hour on the phone and had to start work (I was calling from my office) and she would not let me speak with a supervisor or even offer an email address.I really HATE IT when a customer service person can't do their job and then gets snippy with me, as though I'm the one selling defective phones. Tracfone's customer service has to be among the industry's worst. When the phones are working, everything is fine, but the minute you need help you should prepare for a real ordeal. I really think this is a poorly-run company and clearly they sell pretty shoddy merchandise (their Amazon reviews appear to bear this out). I would suggest to anyone looking for a cheap, no-commitment phone that they look elsewhere. They certainly couldn't do any worse.

Actually, I like everything about the smartphone except the phone reception.  It just doesn't work many places, it cuts out or doesn't connect and the message part it almost unusable - many times it doesn't connect and other times it says the service is unavailable. another thing I don't like is the keyboard but there are other apps for that.I think Tracfone should do something about the communications problem.

Recommend for current tracfone users.If you are using LG 800g or LG840g, you will never regret of switching to this smart phone,you can bring all your minutes to this phone plus the number of text equal to the talk minutes for free, also can check your email and weather a couple times a day like all other smart phone user. If you don't want to run out of data, just turn it off and using wifi for surfing or playing YouTube when ever available .if you are a heavy data user, I think tracfone is not a good choice. Touch screen is not perfect but acceptable .

Nice to have a prepaid phone that can go to the internet. That's where it ends, don't go outside your zip area, and not out of state,cause it has no reception and *22890 does NOT work. Very poor reception EVERYWHERE. WiFI is a joke, dont get more that 10 feet from router or you cant get even one bar. Worked fair first month except for above, then the fun started, screen goes black after making a call and nothing short of pulling the batt will make it come up again. Lost most capability of calling, half the time it tries to do internet calling, and is NOT set for that. Oh yeah, don't try to transfer your minutes back  to a non android tracfone cause it ain't going to happen and tracfone says take it back to store where you bought it. PURE ELECTRONIC JUNK

At 75 dollars the tracfone is  bargain, works well, full android phone. Processor is a bit slow, but if you are only single tasking it works great.

It's the &#34;affordable&#34; choice of &#34;smartphones&#34; if you can even call it that. I'm just using it til the iPhone 6 comes out and I'll blow all the money I've been saving on that.

I bought 2 of these for my parents as their first smartphones/touchscreen and in my opinion it is a good phone and they love it.

This phone doesn't work everywhere.  Don't assume that just because you are getting a TracFone that it will work everywhere like your old one does or did.  Be sure to check the coverage area map for the specific phone you want to get.  Don't assume some place 5 to 10 miles down the road from your home location will have service for the Android phones.  This is the first time I have had a TracFone that didn't work along the Interstate in the state of Maryland.  It works in the state of Pennsylvania quite well, but from where I live go 10 miles down the road and lose ALL service.  I love the way it works when I'm at my house and in my town.Somewhere I read that if you aren't near Verizon towers the Android phones by TracFone don't work.  There are Verizon towers all up and down Interstate 81.  My husband uses a contract Smart Phone from Verizon and has no problems.  I don't understand why the TracFones won't work in this area as well.As for the features of the phone they are, just doesn't work every where.  I have been on the phone several times with TracFone and even though they tell me I can program it to work in Maryland, I can't.  I have never been more disappointment with TracFone service as now.  I got this phone to replace my LG530G.  The texting and voice mail quit working on it after about 3 months.  Stick with your basic phone and you won't be disappointed.  My problem now is to down grade I lose all my minutes, can keep service days, but lose the minutes, doesn't make sense to me.The best I can say is, check, check, check.  I thought I had checked everything, evidently not.

I choose 3 stars as my rating because the main issue is that the data from tracfone disappears really quickly and that's really not good.. Also the phone may run the latest android version but your better of with another company and with a trusted brand.

I had been very pleased with this phone. Great performance for the price. However, it is currently running Android 4.1.1 which is vulnerable to the Heartbleed OpenSSL exploit that has garnered so much attention in recent weeks which makes supposedly secure information transmitted by the phone potentially vulnerable. I was informed by Tracfone that they currently have no plans to patch the OS, so until they do, I would advise anyone considering this phone to choose a different model with a secure version of the operating system.

I've had this &#34;phone&#34; for just under a month now, and I'm returning it before the 30 days are up!  I'm hoping I just got a lemon, but this phone is horrible, when used as a phone.  If using it to play games or surf the internet, it usually works, although it's a bit slow, and sometimes I have to restart the phone because the touch screen quits working.But my biggest concern is using it as a phone.  First, if you call someone, it doesn't always let you hang up.  Quite often, after you pull it away from your head to hang up, the screen flashes to the hang up screen, but before you can touch the &#34;disconnect&#34;, it goes black, and you can't hang up.  I've tried sweeping the screen, pressing home, and even pressing the power button, but nothing works, and I've had to take out the battery to hang up.  YOU SHOULDN&#34;T HAVE TO TAKE OUT THE BATTERY TO HANG UP!!Second, the phone doesn't seem to always recognize that you have your phone next to your face, so if you're dialing something that requires you to use the touch pad, like a bank or something, you have to select the touch pad, and then select the option to put it away again before you put the phone against your face, or else your cheek will be randomly hitting buttons.  I have also had my phone randomly generating a text message, or pulling up a miscellaneous app, or doing other things while I am in the middle of a phone call.Third, the phone doesn't always allow you to answer it when it rings... which can be a problem.  It again blacks out, or goes to another screen, all the while, you are frantically trying to find the screen that will allow you to answer your phone.Fourth, I tried taking a call on call waiting, but it disconnected the first call in order to do so... so that doesn't work either.So, as a phone, this is a dismal failure.  Besides that, there are all kinds of little piddly things about this phone I really hate.  I will NEVER get this phone again.  I'm afraid to get any ZTE phones, but I may try another one, hoping that it's just this demon phone and not the whole brand... we'll see.

I've been a satisfied TracFone customer for 15 years - thought I'd upgrade to Android.  Big Mistake!  Could NOT get it to work.  Customer service could NOT get it work. I'm returning it ASAP - very disappointed.

The apps would not always work consistently and then the on - off button stopped working. Called amazon, they gave me a refund, no problem. I ordered a Samsung for replacement.

Update and correction:This is my first android phone, so please excuse my ignorance in some terminology about the sensors.  I installed an app called "Sensor List".  It reports that there are five sensors on board.  Those listed are Orientation, Proximity, Light, Accelerometer and Magnetic Field.  On my phone all of them are reported working except the Magnetic Field Sensor.Prior to installing the app, I had called ZTE support.  That word needs quotation marks.  The tech was even more ignorant about the sensors than I.  To blow me off he told me there was no magnetic field sensor on the phone.Compass, Astronomy, and other apps relying on this sensor will not work on my phone YMMV.Also, like many others I'm finding the phone weak on Cell and Wifi reception.Update 2:After using this phone for a few months, I wish I could give it more stars.  Even though there are seemingly fewer reception bars, than my old feature phone, I am able to use the phone without dropped calls inside steel buildings such as walmart, supermarkets and hospitals.I'm thinking the bar symbol is not accurate and that the phone has much better reception than indicated.Good phone, and despite the lack of a connected magnetic field sensor, I'm very happy with it.I'll keep the phone as an upgrade from my feature phone and because I like the Tracfon idea and have gotten satisfactory service from them in the past 7 years (as long as I don't have many dealings with Customer Service).

ninth day in my phone died after buying it . the ear piece no longer worked . i read alot of bad reviews on it .i have the replacement coming from tracphone hope that one doesnt do the same. if ur thinking on buying it.I would look at the lg model came out this month before deciding.link here"LG Optimus Dynamic II Tracfone"or the centura .down the road i will get lg one i like there phones better.camera isn't the greatest in doors even with the flash against the lg 840g that i hadlg 840g compare to this in quality is more durable phone but its not androidupdatemy friend bought one its having problem and i told him to wait and get the lg version . well after two months of this phone im getting the lg39c android and the people who have them like them. avoid to buy this phone its slow and slugish and its the most returned phone.

Cohse rating because I'm somewhat ignorant about smart phones but ZTE Valet seem able to do most everything I ask of it.

i had this phone for a week now and i am comparing this to the old samsung i had for 3 years running android 2.3 (gingerbread).the zte is an entry level phone with 1ghz process and 500mb of ram. this is roughly the same spec as the samsung galaxy phone i had since 2010. main difference is that this zte is running on android 4.1 (jellybean).inserting the micro sdhc card is extremely difficult. i broke my fingernail trying to insert a sandisk 32gb micro sdhc card.secondly the micro usb port can only be used to charge the phone. it does not work as a mean to transfer music files to this zte phone.third i install an app call navy federal. the app simply does not work. i pull out my old samsung and this app work flawlessly on the samsung.there is this stupid button on the right side of the phone that you can press by mistake and it start the camera. it's impossible to hold the phone for extended period without launching the camera.last my old samsung galaxy phone is about 30% faster than this zte phone.i throw away all the packaging so i can't return this phone. next time stick with a brand name like samsung and stay away from the zte brand.

I have been a Tracfone customer for many years, and was pleased to see android service added (specifically hoping to be able to use with a charge card cube).  Not only did this fail to fulfill that purpose, but also caused me to lose well over 1000 rollover minutes in tranferring back to a &#34;non-smart&#34; phone.The phone itself was almost impossible to use - hard to access proper menus, major problems with simple functions like dialing a number, and almost useless or non-existant instructions for basic functions.  After weeks of frustration (and having smart-phone savvy friends trying to help me) I gave up and just left the phone in my purse untouched.  After a week or so I decided to try again, put the phone on the charger, and found it would no longer even hold a charge.Now I have just had the dubious &#34;pleasure&#34; of transferring my account back to a basic phone, and was informed that the minutes which have built up over the years are &#34;no longer compatible.&#34;  Ripoff!

HAVEN'T HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT,ONCE YOU GET USE TO HOW IT WORKS. TO CHECK YOUR MINUTES ETC. YOU SHOULD HAVE A ACOUNT WITH TRAFONE.  ALSO IT IS EASIER TO CONNECT WITH THE ACCOUNT.

I really like the zte valet, being a long time tracfone customer I feel like I am going from a VW to a BMW but I know I am not.TracFone is not for everyone...The zte valet is at the low end of android phone barrel. This is a true smartphone unlike my LG 800, but it was a good call phone.I have a ton of apps on the valet  and I have customized it just how I want. The Super-Bright LED Flashlight Surpax Technology Inc is a handy app.To get a reminder of a missed message or missed call I downloaded ( Alert me Pro Missed Call Text ) from the google app store.This is a great app for professional style ringtones > ( Business Ringtones ) by RCP Ringtones.  Check them out...The TRACFONE APP from google play store is a good one to check your balance and service date and to add min and data time.The power bar widget(COMES WITH PHONE) is the one I use the most, I use it to turn the data off so I don't lose it all.  You can turn the wi-fi on from there,and turn sync on, GPS, bluetooth and the screen brightness. I will take a picture of the power bar and put on customer images on this phones main page.( Remember to turn off data when you're not using it. )I have norton anti-malware (free) app and it works great, It always checks every new app I install and if it updates a app it checks that also.I have had the phone for 3 month now and have not had any problems, I read all the review sites and blogs and that has helped. I just seen in the Q&A; on the phones home page on this site what the mirow was for and they told you about a good flashlight  app on google,it works great...If you need a 9 or 10 rated phone you  probably will not be happy with this low end phone, but for a pre-paid phone I like mine.I do notice  that I do not have as many signal bars as I did on my other tracfones but I can use this phone where the others would not work and have not dropped any calls..So what I am trying to say here is that I can call and talk just about anywhere I go  west va - ohio - ky. ( On this phone mabey 1 to 3 bars and my others phones I would have 3 and 4 bars...)Voice is good. camera indoors is really bad and outside is just O K.Hint, have your kids buy you time cards, google play cards and data cards for fathers, mothers, birthdays and xmas... ha ha.I bought my first T. F. in 1998, I seen it in a jeep mag and took it out west Leadville, CO  and it worked,I was shocked.TheSuperior Shell Case and Holster Combo ZTE Director N850L USC - Black - Bulk Packagingis a very nice case,it is sleak,slim,nice gripie texured feel to it, Cleans up the look and feel of valet . See my review on it.* ZTE Director and ZTE Fury phone accessories fit perfectly...* A good screen protector>>SUPERSHIELDZ- High Definition (HD) Clear Screen Protector Shield For ZTE Valet (TracFone , Straightalk , Net 10 Wireless) + Lifetime Replacements Warranty [6 Pack] - Retail PackagingWhat's great about it: Android 4.1 Operating System, 1.0Ghz processor.What's not so great: Camera indoor pictures.Tip > Read the ( Questions & Answers ) pages, there are a lot of questions answered there..... Enjoy your new phone.Update1/12/14 LG Optimus Dynamic ( II ) - LG39C - Android is the newest tracfone that just came out,check it out.

My first smartphone, the ZTE Valet was competitively priced and seemed to have more than enough features/capability for someone just starting out. The online manual was/is a big help. I use it with TracFone.

ORIGINAL REVIEW:  This phone did not meet my needs. I wanted to be able to access/view my home security cameras remotely - occasionally -while having the compactness and simplicity of a regular non-contract phone.  I have relatively large hands and my Google password is 24 characters long. The user interface keyboard(i.e. clicking on the tiny default factory supplied keyboard on screen) was so error prone/unreliable as an interface that I literally had to shorten my Google password just to get this thing to authenticate reliably to Google.  Eventually I downloaded a Big Keyboard type application from Google Play.  I find nothing is intuitive about this phone.  Erasing your call history, erasing certain contacts.  I just don't like the layout of this.  The display is decent quality considering the phone is only $79.00.  The camera is forgettable/mediocre quality.  One positive I will tell you:  While everyone bashes Tracfone's support I have found them to be quite responsive.  Unlike 5 years ago, Tracfone actually seems to care about getting you help these says.  I commend them for that.  I can find them, I can get a response from them, they take action.  By the way from what Tracfone told me, one minute of purchased phone card time is 1MB of data and it is not doubled or tripled.I have asked to have my phone number reverted back to my old skool non-smartphone with real buttons, regular firmware and will use that for everyday phone calls.  I will then get this phone a separate phone number and experiment with it at my leisure so as not to be aggravated.  In the meantime I will look to Apple or even Windows for a smart phone OS.  I value my privacy, do not live on Facebook and, while I use gmail, am not comfortable with all the merged Gmail accounts and being - more or less - forced to store my password on the cell phone.  I think this phone could work for those persons who have the time and inclination to fuss with it, wade through a bunch of menu preferences, and don't mind figuring out the shades of contact sharing security and Google's security in general.  If you don't mind being tethered to Google in myriad and sundry ways this phone will work fine for you.  I think some people will love this phone, especially at it's price of entry for a no-contract phone.  It's just not for me.REVISED REVIEW:  Well I kept this thing and got my contacts setup on it.  I can say that it has better phone talk audio quality than my old LG500 phone (it wouldn't take much to surpass that).  I eventually got my contacts into it.  You can surf with it but with the screen size you'd be kind of desparate.  I downloaded the Citrix Receiver app (Citrix is a "screen scraping" way of delivering commercial applications) and it worked although the screen was so small, even with pinch-to-zoom and changing resolutions, other tricks that that was a novelty.  I may still get this phone working for my original purpose.  At the very least it looks like I will keep it as "a phone".  The thing that bugs me the most is getting some menus or menu items to respond when the skin on my finger tips is drier - which is a lot as I type alot.  I also have larger fingers/fingertips.  I find I have to sometimes pound/tap on certain displayed options to get them to respond.  I just depends on the day or even time of day.  My old phone went 10 days without a recharge.  This phone, with Bluetooth and extras turned off might go 3 days.  I'm keeping it because I am not in the mood right now to shop for another phone.  It will "do" as a phone for now.UPDATE  5/17/2014:If you have large hands and need to call 911 (this happened to me recently) this phone can be frustrating.  The "haptics" / screen response varies depending on the moisture in your skin at a particular moment.  You have to be PRE-CISE.  I downloaded the big buttons app but it did not help.Worse however:  The microphone has poor gain compared to other phones I have owned.  The speaker for your ear is fine, but the mic or mic+gain circuit leaves a lot to be desired.The pros:  Yes you can surf on it after a fashion.  Triple minutes and the lack of a contract requirement are a good thing.  The phone can be encrypted.  I will probably upgrade to a slightly larger phone with more responsive screen next year.  For now I will get by with this.

Very good phone... quite satisfied with its features and battery life... I am glad TracFone has finally offered a smartphone...

I love the phone with the exception that the wall charger stopped working the first day and the WIFI reception is incredibly poor! It even drops while sitting 5 feet from the router!I can usually sit in my Library's parking lot with my laptop or any other phone and be fine, Yesterday I was sitting in the library, in the computer room, and I couldn't get a signal!Tracfone expected me to send my whole phone back to them (in place of just sending me a new charger) They originally said that they would ship me a new phone first, NOT!  They expect me to give up my phone for a week or two????Listen, Tracfone is a great deal, UNTIL YOU HAVE A PROBLEM!If you ever need to contact their service department, you would just be better off throwing your phone away and starting over!I just bought a new charger rather than the stress of dealing with them!I am not exaggerating!

My phone is always off.  Like my Nexus 7 (2013), I don't use it for social m&eacute;dia. Everything are disable even Chrome and Gmail.  I make 1 or 2 call a week and, yesterday, for the first time in 1 month of ownership, I use data because my wife wanted to see her emails -not on the same account than the phone. And for killing time, I play game or use the store WiFi when wife is trying to decide which pieces of clothes she must buy.The phone is small enough -like I wanted, to fit, even with a protective case, in a 4"x6" belt pouch. Sit in my car in the Starbuck parking lot,  60' from the door, the Wifi reception is excellent.  The speaker works well during a phone call and the quality of a YouTube video  is good.My only complaints on this phone for my use is when I want to turn the power on, it takes 45 seconds to be able to make a phone call and another 30 seconds to stabilize everything.  This action uses a lot of power and the battery suffer. The other hiccup is the power button is  easily activated.  BUT, yes the sky is brigth even with theses problems, once the phone is activated, it use very little power to keep it in idle mode. Very little. And by the way, I keep another battery with me. Yep, the battery is removable.For my need, this phone is a 4 stars. You will find more powerful and/or better phone on the market all with expensive plans.  With a plan @7$/month, this phone is a killer

While TF has 4 different Android models to chose from, the ZTE was the highest spec model that I saw.If you are looking for a hi end or mid grade Android phone dont stop here. ALL of the TF Androids are very entry level phones and as such be prepared for entry level performance.People look at the listed specs and note a 4 gig SD card but no mention of on board memory. Just for the record my phone after adding a few apps to it has 2.6 gigs of free space on the phone and well over 3 gigs on the 4 gig SD card that comes with the phone. With the size of the OS and what apps I installed I will speculate that the phone has 4 gigs on board and comes with the 4 gig SD. Not bad for a phone that is less than 100.00.When I first got it out of the box I put my GMail acct on it and started installing my apps. This bogged the phone down fast and for a short while I wondered if this was a bad phone, but remembering past situations even with tablets I just set the phone down and let it do its installs. After I was done installing apps I also downloaded the TF app that notifies you of available Call time, remaining text and available data, it also allows you to add time to your phone from the phone like any other TF, This app is very nice to have in the Google Play Store (GPS) since these Android phones do not have anything like it out of box.One person above posted that the Valet loses its connection to WiFI frequently and I have to agree, it seems to have a weak wifi antenna.While it would be great if this was better, it is not a game changer for me. My need for this phone is a way for my employer to reach me through the day. My boss gets on the phone, says what needs saying and is off. Little to no time wasted chatting. I suspect along with being very busy he is trying to save those platinum priced minutes that all cell phone companies charge for.A quick run down. It is a entry level phone so it has only 512 megs of ram, 1 gig processor and 4 gigs on board memory, touch screen is fairly responsive, it has a 3mp camera and flash on back and I don't remember the MP on the front. The back camera takes fair pictures. But only fair.Sound could be better, things are plenty clear but volumes could be louder. Again, entry level phone.In call....Everything seems to work just fine. In call volumes are fine, no echoes or reception problems, the phone is provided for by Verizon so if your in a good Verizon area you should be in good shape. But just keep in mind, if your current phone has bad reception in a given area this one probably will as well. My other work phone which I hope to replace with the Valet is a Straight Talk slider/android also covered by Verizon and the Valet has all the same drops that the other phone has. Seems Verizon just has few towers in some areas.Long story short, The ZTE Valet is a decent phone for the price. Remember it is a entry level phone at a entry level price and the phone is NOT loaded to the hilt with every bell and whistle. It does have Android 4.1 on it which is a plus and it does run fairly smoothly on a phone wit such low specs. This is a feather in ZTEs cap.One last note. My current monthly cell cost is 45.00+tax. And there was a LOT of that that was never used because it was strictly a work phone so it was used for 8 to 10 hours a day and then turned off for the evening and weekends.The Valet will allow me to cut the monthly price down to 20.00+ tax a month.I call that a win win. it will take 4 months for the phone to pay for itself and then it is pure savings after that, aprox 25.00 a month. and that is 300.00 a year I can use else ware.

For the price it has the features of an expensive smart phone.  I like the Android OS, I like the size of the window, I like the camera.  I like the coverage, I like the pre-pay with Tracfone.I don't like where the buttons are located, especially the camera button.  I would recommend this phone

Purchased this Tracfone to replace a Tracfone LG flip phone. Reason was to use features that flip phones do not have. This phone is very difficult to use making calls, screen will change for no apparent reason. While it does have the features we wanted, the basic use is not worth the trouble. We will try to find something better than this model.

So far very good, I haven't used all the features yet but I think it will be fine. Great battery life.

Bought this phone at another store for $49.99 because I was there.  I had used TracFone before and had mixed feelings; didn't like some of the phones, etc.  I wanted an Android based phone, but I seldom use a cell phone and for me it just wasn't worth the $35 to $120 a month most companies charge.This ZTE fit the bill.  I've been using it for about a week now and I like it a great deal.  It is responsive, has good battery life, recharges quickly, has a bright screen and all the Android bells and whistles.  I'd of course prefer a more powerful camera but for the price, what can one expect?This is 50% off the current TracFone on-line price, so it's a real steal.  I sometimes have to use reading glasses to see the 3.5&#34; screen, but for $7 a month I can live with that.I do wish TracFone would come out with an inexpensive 5 or 6&#34; screen phone; that would be ideal.  But until they do, I'm quite pleased with this purchase.

I really like this phone. I upgraded from the LG800 a few months ago and I'm so glad I did. It has nearly all the bells and whistles. Good camera, text messaging, wifi, holds music, calendar, reminders, etc. Buy the Triple Minutes For Life airtime card that lasts a long time without the hefty monthly charges. If you really don't &#34;need&#34; an iPhone, this is the one to get.

This is my first smart phone and I'm no spring chicken.  I have learned to put apps on it, read books on it and maneuver through its many features.  The only real problem was figuring out how to answer the darned thing.  Sometimes the dinosaur in me shows :) I am a little disappointed that it wont work with the Square up card reader.

not as quick as more expensive phones, lags a bit, but is very cheap to operate compared to the major providers. has lots of useful features, but the phone button doesn't always work right away, have to get to it with a icon on the screen...

I had been thinking of getting a smart phone for a while, upgrading from a feature phone.  This has everything I need, and for a low price.  It does take a bit of getting used to, and re-reading the instruction manual a few times.  But take one step at a time before moving to something else and its really good.  All features work well.  Enjoy being able to transfer from phone to pc and back.  Lots of nice apps as well, as well as others I've downloaded.  I'm really pleased.

I am very pleased with this phone.  The voice is so clear that nobody can tell I am on a Cell Phone. I would definitely recommend it. I am also very pleased with TRACFONE. They are very helpful  and really go out of their way to help. Also, Amazon was great and I received my phone exactly at the time I was promised. So, I would recommend the phone, the service by TRACFONE and the service by Amazon.

Obviously the ZTE Valet isn't an iPhone or anything similar, but for the price you get a very nice bit of smartphone. I'm coming from an LG 800, and the Valet is far better. Yes, the phone is rather slow and the display isn't killer great, but it has all the capabilities you may want. (An exception here is watching movies... They play with too low a frame rate and really aren't watchable.) But I'm quite happy with the phone overall. Be sure to check out Google's Play Music service - where you can upload as many as 20K songs for free and have them available to the device over WiFi or downloaded to the phone.

Although not the latest version of smartphone currently on the market, the Valet has all of the features I would want.  I particularly like the voice activated texting, which works very well.  Since I am a light user of data, the TracFone plans are more than adequate for me, and very reasonable at around $10.00 per month.

Love it !!!! does everything the expensive phones do for so much less$$$. what i dont like is all the required fields for this review

I had to downsize from my Samsung S III, I was expecting the worst. This phone has been a pleasant surprise.The minutes added to the phone go into each category, which is such a deal. I can text, check my emails and make calls. That's all I really need the phone for and it does then job. Great deal!

I would've given 4-stars if not for some recent trouble.  Nothing too major.Cons:- Amazon App store doesn't download to the phone.- Some times the screen won't come on.  This requires me to pop the back off and remove the battery, place the battery back in and turn it back on.- The limited 4 GB card is tiny compared to most phones now.  My last gen TracFone allowed 8 GB.- Back is tricky to remove and often feels like it could snap in two.- Can't remove some of the apps that come with the phone.  You can remove them from the screen, but not from the phone.Pros:- The reception is great.- The triple minutes divided into the &#34;Calls&#34;, &#34;Texts&#34; and &#34;Storage&#34; categories (ex. if you buy 20 minutes you get 1-hour for each category instead of 20 for each).- Ice Cream Sandwich Google OS- Long battery

The ZTE does not attach to my wi fi. Also poor signal for phone calls. Either poor signal or no signal  drops calls.Very very unhappy!

I did not purchase this phone through Amazon.  It was an impulse buy in a local store.  I absolutely love this phone, however black lines started appearing across the top of the display about 2 weeks after I bought it.  They seem to increase in number every day or 2.  I found out it is the pixels going out and there is no fix.  I called the store where I bought it and they will exchange it as soon as they receive a new shipment. I do not think this is a common problem with this phone, and I still have to give it 5 stars.

I delayed writing this for around four months so I could live with the phone and give an honest opinion. Let's start by stating the obvious. The phone is about 3-4 years behind the current technology. Having made that observation, you will begin to grasp why you would want something that is by modern standards under-powered and outclassed. The phone is cheap, as is the cost to operate on Tracfone's service. If you are used to the most up-to-date devices and have a need for unlimited service then you may want to look elsewhere. However, if you're fine with a a device that chugs along and will still handle all of the same tasks without the blazing speed, and use your phone in a conservative fashion than look no further.PROS::Excellent value, I paid $80 for the phone and a 200min card that gets tripled, and then split into separate pools.Sturdy, I've dropped it several times and it has yet to show any signs.Up to date, Android 4.1 means that you aren't buying something that can't support newer applications which all require 4.0+Good call quality and service, this is a CDMA device so it uses Verizon and Sprint's network and I always have good reception.Good internal memory (1.5GB+ usable) and a microSD slot.Good battery life, results will vary since I keep data and wifi off when not needed, for me it can last several days of lite usage.CONS:Poor camera quality, probably the weakest point of the phone, will work in a pinch but don't lean on it.Sluggish performance and occasionally apps will crash, this is the runner up for worst feature but manageable by clearing apps from memory when not in use.No root option yet.There are a few smaller gripes but nothing large enough to put on a list. If you're already someone who Tracfone works for than this is a no-brainer and the value of the phone is just as good as the value of the service. I'd love something with a little more screen real estate and a little more processing power so I'll probably upgrade when they release something newer, but for what it's worth this is a great budget smartphone and I'd happily buy it again.

Seriously, can you believe this is a *TracFone* Android smartphone, running Jellybean 4.1 on Verizon's network??  I never thought I'd see the day.  That alone is worth 5 stars.  The phone is not great, but it's completely acceptable and is capable of doing all Android functions; it's not locked down like other Tracfones.  It's 100x better than any older Tracfone, but compared to a Nexus 4 it would rate like a 1 or 2 stars, but that's not the point.  My rating is based on the value and functionality.Call quality is great even though it almost never shows more than 2 bars.  Wifi signal is not so great - you have to be careful not to block the internal antenna while holding it or you can lose the signal even in your own house.  Screen is pretty grainy for 2013, but looks fine for my purposes.  Camera is fine only as a utility; don't plan on a beautiful slide show of your family vacation.If you are a heavy texter and plan on using the phone's native texting, this is not the phone for you.  But if you are ok using Google Voice for texting (or similar), you'll be able to send lots of texts using the data network.You can have fun customizing every aspect of it - even install a different launcher for a whole new look, such as Nova Launcher.  I highly recommend this ZTE Tracfone.

Wi-Fi recieving is fair. Great phone otherwise I get signal were I normally would not. Voices come in clear and volume is good.  Ringtones are not available for download from TracFone. But that is not important to me. Has voice dialing which I like. Many apps available through play store. Size is good not too large or too small so fits into your hand nicely. Battery life varies with use lasts as predicted. Thriple minutes is great or the $7 dollar a month plan is great. I am a lite user of text or internet so minutes last.

ZTE Valet TracFone.  Verizon towers, Android, large enough without being a mini-tablet.  Have now owned it and used it enough to have formed an opinion on the phone.  It is my first ZTE, and over all, it is a good basic smart phone with a few issues.Good:- Android- screen size- price- battery life (see below)- no contract service- fairly capableBad:- Camera is a bit sub-par compared to LG and Samsung smart phones- Wireless, BT and Signal indicators radically inaccurate (see below)- Only works best once Snapdragon controller app installed (see below)Thoughts:- first, about battery life.  The phone has good battery life, provided you don't leave Synch, Data, BT, GPS and Wireless on.  I typically turn off Synch, Data and WiFi when I leave the house (I use a BT ear piece and car system, and a couple of apps use GPS) and when I am at home, I turn off BT and GPS.  With that done, the phone can (and has) gone six days on a single charge, with an average of three calls per day of sixteen minutes average duration.  If I leave GPS and WiFi on at home, the phone still gives me a solid 4 days.  However, if you leave all the boards lit, you are realistically looking at about 30 HOURS - max.  More so if you have an app running that is hogging radio usage.- second, signal strength indicators.  The phone has Wifi, BT, Cell and 3G indicators.  I discovered rapidly that they are only vaguely accurate, even after installing the Snapdragon controller app.  First few days, the phone was running bare under T&E; protocol.  It was in a location with a cell signal booster and a commercial-grade wifi unit that gives full signal to all radio devices in the location (laptops, iPhones, Samsung Android phone, tablets, Roku, CDMA and GSM phones of different makes).  The ZTE showed two bars of cell and one bar of wireless.  After loading a signal testing program, I discovered that the signal app detected excellent to good signal everywhere - even in a few places where the phone showed no signal at all.  I have made calls in rooms where the phone shows no cell signal, and I have streamed test video footage over the network in locations where the WiFi shows no signal.  Caveat: both times, if I tried to initiate the call while the indicator said 'no signal' the phone refused to even try.  At first, I just used a signal app (OpenSignal) to refresh all my wireless, but I later installed the Snapdragon app.  Doing that fixed the problem, although if you started a call in a different area, you could walk into the 'no signal' area and the call never dropped, faded or broke up - even when the indicator said 'No Signal'.  The signal app showed average signal in that area, btw.  So, the indicators are at best suspect, if not flat-out wrong.- Next, the Snapdragon app.  I found this app in Play by searching for ZTE Valet app.  The Snapdragon app is basically a CPU manufacturer controller app that runs the Snapdragon CPU in this phone differently than the OEM controller.  And it works surprisingly well.  Battery life, signal, stability, speed - all went up (though not all by the same amount).  Once I installed it and got the baseline established, the signal indicator problem went away by and large.  So did the issue constant -reconnecting to the WiFi AP.  Battery life went up, and the GPS functionality got a lot more stable.  The app also reminds you to charge your phone, and it seems (no proof, just seems like it does) to make the entire phone more responsive, almost as if were clocking the CPU differently or increased the efficiency of the app handling in and out of queue.  Also, I have never had to reboot the phone after the Snapdragon app was installed, though in all honesty, I only had to reboot it once before the app was installed due to hung system error.- Finally, GPS issues.  Not sure what is going on here.  Certain apps I use a lot (OpenSignal, SignalSniff, etc) that usually work flawlessly on smartphones and tablets seem to have issues with the GPS handling in this phone.  I do not use my phone for navigation (my Garmin simply out-performs all phone-based navigation - especially iPhone nav) but it is necessary for certain tasks (Snapdragon app uses it, which is the only reason I leave it on any more).  Not sure if this is a phone issue, an OS issue or a software issue, but it is an issue for me, at least.Final thoughts:This phone is hard to beat in the price range and in no-contract phones.  Great?  Not really.  Good?  Yeah, once you get it set up right.  TracFone's new smartphone airtime policy is a bit of a departure from the old system, but nothing shocking.  As CPUs go, Snapdragon isn't bad, but it isn't a Hummingbird either.  If you keep your expectations realistic and want a work phone rather than a bit of snob-bling, this phone is probably right for you.  I know that if I ever lose my phone like my colleague did, I will just shrug and buy another one, instead of having to sell my car to buy another iProduct status symbol.  It would be nice to have an upgrade path for the OS, but it is hardly necessary.  My work tablet is still running 2.3 and it works perfectly fine, after all.Yeah, I'd buy this phone again.

works great! still figuring out all the features. I really like the photo features. the gallery allowes me to have all my pictures with me all the time, and ability to take good pictures without having to remember to bring my camera.

I bought this phone and have had it for about 2 months now and heres what i have to say about it. it overall is a decent phone, games run kinda choppy but if your playing stuff like &#34;Clash Of Clans&#34; Then its great. the wifi sadley is very bad, sitting in the living room 15 feet away from the router and it disconnects often. the speaker is shockingly very good. streaming youtube/videos off of your sd card is laggy and gitters around constantly nut for a 50 buck phone you cant complain much. but overall if your a person like me, tired of dumb phones and want a change then this is good for you. i am a heavy phone gamer and this doesnt play the games i wish it could play but it plays the arcade like games fine which is the games we most want to play anyways.

I figured I'd try a pay as you go Andriod before I spent a lot of money.It was fun to play with, downloading Apps thru the Google Play store.  The owners manual is about 80 pages, but it did answer my questions.  So it functions as I expected.. the flash on the camera is not the best. but it has one. The speaker for hands free talking is not quite loud enough.  My biggest problem has been that 4 times already it locks up completely. We have to take out the battery then all is fine again.So my final answer is.. you need quite a bit of time to figure it out, but its a pretty good phone for $70.  And phone service/reception has been the best I've ever had with tracfone. It sure is different than my IPod!

Decided to get rid of my old Tracfone and go with a smart phone even though I am technology challenged. When trying to activate this online I got a message that it would not activate in my area. So my daughter called the tracfone number and was on the phone for the next two hours with tracfone reps. Why were they selling a product in an area that could not be activated ? I had purchased a minutes card and a data card. My daughter talked with one rep after another trying to get a refund for the data card or at least a voucher for a minutes card to replace the price of the data card. No luck. I ultimately returned the phone to the store, advising them to pull the product off their shelf, they had already done so. I am just out the price of the data card and still am on my old reliable flip phone. So be very careful when you purchase this phone. We even checked the map on the back of the package and thought we were covered.

Brought this phone as a gift for my granddaughter her first phone she is amazed with it ,her mamcouldnt believe what it does so a very good buy fab value for the money .thanks again

The phone itself is great- it seems to make excellent use of a weak cell signal and voice quality is superior to any phone I have ever had.  Unfortunately this is not enough to make up for the slow and laggy processor, insufficient RAM and unresponsive touch-screen.  I am very unsatisfied and would never recommend this phone to anyone.  I find myself frustrated waiting for apps to open, close, or even just to respond to touching the 'home' key.  I am returning this to get the Samsung Centura that I expect will far out perform this POS.  The camera is OK at best. I cannot connect this phone via USB to my Linux computer as it is very windoze-centric. I have to use AirDroid to transfer photos and contacts.  Bluetooth and GPS are painfully slow too.

I'm an old school person that uses it for calling and texting.  Voice mail retrieving is a pain w/to many steps and I've had the screen refuse to come on until I take the battery out and put back in.  I've had it about a month and am still getting used to it but for the most part it's ok to good.

Bought this phone for my son.  He loved it for the first 2 weeks he had it.  Then the screen stopped coming on.  The phone was on, you could call it and it would ring, but no way to answer it.  After researching, it appears a problem with the proximity sensor (that determines it's at your ear and turns off the screen) and there is supposed to be an app to adjust it.  But since we couldn't view the screen, we couldn't install the app.  Returned it for a refund and now looking for a different pay as you go phone for my son.

Like so many electronic devices, the instructions that come with this phone are minimal.  The key to using all the features is having a strong WiFi signal available.  I have more issues when trying to rely on data.  For the cost of the phone, I think the light user will be very satisfied.  I have had no problem with apps and it syncs nicely with my other devices.  Actual phone quality has been good and it works very well with the blue tooth in my car.  Read these reviews and look online if you find you need help.  Most criticisms I have read relate to the inexperience of the user.

I did not need a great phone, and did not get one.  It has weak WiFi, and it does not do a very good job of refreshing.  The real issue is that it is a CDMA phone and it will not roam.  I have no signal at home, none!  They said they could fix it, but I would have to send it in, and by that time I had my son load many things on it, and I did not want to send it.  I am living with it.  But would not recommend it.

great price, had to order second phone, as first one did not work properlythis one appears to be working finequick del. no problemshowever trackfone tech. service was a nightmare.almost gave-up.

First rating just the phone it would get 5 stars for exceeding expectations.  There is a led light that blinks if you miss a call or have a message which is very handy. I have never seen this feature before and saves me from having to wake phone up to see if there are any messages. I also like that it does not blink for emails so when it does blink I know its because someone is reaching out and not for some piece of spam. The sound quality is way better than I was getting on the LG phone it replaced. Phone is for emergency use basically because we use my wifes iphone 5 or heavy communication and data use.  Unfortunately the experience dealing with tracfone to port my old number from Straight Talk (owned by Tracfone) was horrible. It took over a week and I probably had to talk to 10 plus representative to get it right. Granted the initial mistake was mine in activation. Be sure you have an airtime card before starting. My issue is trying to fix what was my initial error was a journey that was in my mind unnecessary if customer service was better. I give 4 stars because at the end of the day I have a great phone for price, the phone number I need, the service I need, all for less than $8 per month. Also in fairness I and my family have been customers with Tracfone or one of their subsidiaries (Straight Talk and NET 10) and this is the only time I have had to exert unreasonable effort to obtain the savings. To maintain service this phone will cost about $84 per year including taxes versus $540 per year using Straight Talk. Well worth the effort and aggravation experienced.

I am quite pleased with Tracfone's newest addition of this Android phone. It definitely exceeded my expectations! Having had a previous old Tracfone I hardly picked it up. Now with the ZTE Valet phone, the opposite has occurred. I find it hard to put this phone down. I'm buying more for other family members....

As a long time Tracfone user I have been waiting for a true smart phone. The ZTE Valet is it! Full use of Android apps and features. The 3.5 inch screen is smaller than the most phones but large enough that it is easy to use. I just love it and now need to learn how use all the apps. 3x minutes, text and data is huge too.So far so good!

I ordered this phone for my 11 yr old son for Christmas. He loves it he downloads tons of games and apps.

Decent phone for the price. I will warn you that the WiFi signal is absolutely HORRIBLE! After 5 months the power button stopped working, so I plan to buy the lg phone.

I am very pleased with this phone. I was able to transfer my old number to it on-line through tracfone.com without any hiccups. The only thing that didn't transfer over was all my phone numbers but I had a google account and those contacts did transfer over. Triple minutes work for me. I use it mostly for voice and text. The wifi is just like other reviews stated. Marginal. It works good if you move your hand away from the back of the phone. The antenna must be in the back. I still get two bars as long as I'm in the same room even with my hand covering the back. The processor isn't dual core but it's fast enough. It's touch screen response works pretty good. The reception volume and clarity in my area if fantastic. Much better than my old fashioned plain tracfone. I'm so happy tracfone is finally selling smart phones.

I upgraded to this phone and it works great for me. Nice size and weight too. This item even lets me get call signals inside a lot of buildings that smaller phones could not get. Would recommend to buy. Battery seems to last a day, but I'm not using it all day, every hour. Nice feature is the &#34;shut off&#34; between 11 pm and 5 am, just by checking in settings once.

If you are using a regular tracfone and are thinking about upgrading to an andriod phone don't.  Especially if you have minutes and time left. Because if you are not happy with the new phone YOU CANNOT reinstate  your minutes or time back  to your  old phone. You can only keep your phone number. Also if you are lefthanded the camera button is located on the right lower side. Also having problems with charging the phone with  the adapter they use. Since May 9 I have been dealing directly with Tracfone and received a different answer and an assuance I would receive my new phone by 17 MAY each time. May 20 spoke to their HOTLINE for one hr and 1/2 because it is an andriod phone they donot send a replacement phone until they receive your old phone. Now this can take up to 2 weeks and unless you have a backup cell phone you are out of luck when you travel and have no means of communicate in case of an emergency. When you are doing this upgrade there is no warning that by changing from a regular Tracfone to Andriod you lose everything but your number.  I would go to any retail story buy the andriod get a 30 day card see if you like. Then return it and then purchase and transfer your number minutes and expiration date.

And one that works very well. It is loaded with features buti've been most impressed with the Built-in GPS which withthe $10 Copilot App rivals the Garmin Auto unit that I boughtrecently. This even worked on my last Airplane flight- finding9 Satellites and giving Altitude and speed as well as location.equally good is the Bluetooth and Wifi. This is an Androidphone that has almost everything you can want without the high costof an Iphone served by one of the big TelCos. I had triedthe LG505C first but wasnt happy with it's strange screen shutdownsand other vagaries that made it problematic much of the time.The Valet even comes with triple minutes for life so It hits the spot for me.

This is the first Smart Phone I have ever purchased. I have had it for 2 months now and have no complaints at all. I am still learning all what this phone can do, I mostly text and talk, but do get online at times. I've had no problem with the Wi-Fi or calls dropped or anything. I also love the size of this phone, not too small but not to big to carry in front pocket or in belt case. I know there are better phones out there but this phone is all I need. (TracFone pay as you go, triple minutes for life. I buy 200 minutes card : get 600 minutes talk, 600 minutes text, 600 Mb of Data good for 90 days)

The following quote comes from an article from zdnet dot com. It makes me wonder as to whether this is a good choice in a phone, cost and features notwithstanding.Huawei and ZTE could pose security and business threat to Europe, says EU report"The US House of Representatives Intelligence Committee recently encouraged US firms to stop doing business with Huawei and ZTE, claiming the pair could present a security risk due to possible state influence over the companies, while Australia recently blocked Huawei from tendering a bid to supply its national broadband network on what are thought to have been security grounds."David

I'm new to smart phones because I had refused to get ripped off with a $75/mo service.  I haven't had any issues with dropped calls, but have found the android system a little clunky to learn.  This is the smartphone deal I have been wiating for!  Thanks tracfone and ZTE!

Wanted the phone for the android software and that line of stuffTried to activate on Tracfone and they advised that could onlybe used as telephone (as least in my area)

Had the phone a few days so far, this is my first smart phone, so is taking some getting used to. Touch screen is sometimes unresponsive. Phone audio quality seems to be good. Typing on screen keyboard is sometimes difficult, my fingers are a bit large, I am getting used to proper placement of my fingertip. Screen quality is good, haven't used it outside though.Tracfone did not transfer my old phone's minutes until I called to ask about it. The service rep walked me through a number of steps and the minutes were transferred to my new phone. So far good experience with customer service.

I have no clue why some people are talking about this phone being the greatest thing since slice bread.  After using a slow Huawei Ascend for about a year, I had seen that the ZTE's and other phones on the straight talk sight came down in price.  i decided to get a &#34;faster&#34; processer 1.0 ghz.  This phone is a joke!  The ascend interface is much better.  when scrolling through contacts, it so much faster and smoother.  I'm constantly having to backtrack with the valet because of lag and HORRIBLE button control.  the internet is not any faster than an 800mhz phone.  whatever this phone blows.

The phone is OK but tracfone is not. They do not allow international text messaging and to make international calls you have to first call another number to connect to their international service then dial your contacts number. I hate it because they never said that when I bought the phone. There are many other pay as you go providers that are much more lenient.

This cell phone has exceeded all my expectations!  With the TracFone plan it works perfectly for me...I use it a lot in my work, so nice being able to check my email, weather reports/satellite radar, and to contact friends!  Awesome!

I got this a few months back and up until then all I had was a old flip phone. It works wonderfully and does the job I need it to do.although Like a lot of computers it is now starting to run slower and slower and even though I have an antivirus program on it it still takes a while for it to do much of anything. and it's constantly glitching.but I guess that's just what I get for viewing stuff on the internet XD.

Very good product for the price. Meets all my needs for a smartphone. Android has improved to become a very competitive operating system.

I can recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't have to have a high end phone, just one that does the necessary things. It's very easy to use. I'm not bound by a contract and I can add as many minutes as I need at anytime I need more.

I've carried two devices around for a long time since I needed a pda for my business databases. Since tracfone came out with the Valet I combined them into one. And my service works everywhere I go.

Breaking the &#34;contract&#34; phone cycle I put my 2 sons on these based upon usage, one for $99 per year, the other at $199 per year at a huge savings.  I traded in my Samsung TracFone for one and I'm sad I lived so long without a smart phone.  (and sad TracFone didn't offer one.)  At $49 for the phone and as low as $99 for a year of service, If you are a low minute/text user this is for you.  For my wife, not so much.  The phone plays games, the web, music, movies, TV (actually more than my Kindle Fire can do except for the small screen) and is super affordable.

Check out my more detailed review on Anu Kind of View (Just google that and add ZTE android review at the end), I go in more detail about the pros and the cons. But I do SOOOOO much with this little phone. I had low expectations for it but it has gone beyond what I thought. It isn't as powerful as some of the other phones but that doesn't stop it from running apps and doing powerful tasks. I downloaded the Dolphin browser and the Gokeyboard and that helped with surfing the web and typing. I also use this phone to make videos and take pics, I have some of the videos up on my youtube channel for you guys to see. Make sure to go to Anu Kind of view because I uploaded ALL of that online for you in my longer article. I love this phone!

This is the first android phone I ever owned and so far I am liking it just fine. I recommend this phone to anyone that is not used to android phones

It worked for 2 weeks with problems but had to return this ordered another one  hope next one works better.

i got this as a gift and i love how i can control my cost  im glad tracfone has now new smartphones that  will  work in my area  and the price was great and it  was shipped to me fast and in great shipping condition .

Reception is almost terrible.  1-2 bars in house western Howard Co MD 21794, sometimes no connection or drops calls. Outside house, get 2-3 bars and voice quality is bad.  Normal travel area is ZIP 21794, to Clarksville 21029, to Columbia 21046, to Ft Meade 20755, to Crownsville 21032, to Severn 21044, to Columbia 21045,to Ellicott City 21045, with a steady 2-3 bars.  The ONLY place I have gotten good reception (5-6 bars) is the Walmart parking lot in Ellicott City -- it's on top of a small hill.Checking for voice mail is difficult, takes 2-3 tries to login -- app rarely recognizes PIN even though I can see on the screen that I have typed it correctly.  Tried to reset password to nothing but it requires minimum of four digits, and cannot set to 1111 or 0000.Comes with some unknown apps pre-installed that cannot be deleted, and I am still trying to find a way to disable -- Blackhole and google hangouts (facebook pretender).

Works well, easy to read, easy to use.  Battery life has been a little shorter than I'd hoped, but not too bad.  Overall a good phone at a good price.

Phone works very well.  Since I am a new comer to Smart phones, I am still learning how to work some of the other features.  Transferring minutes from my former Tracfone was easy.

Received quickly and product is true to description. The price was better than sale price in stores, and the recipient of this gift is very pleased with the phone.

I got this phone I thought great deal $100.00 a year , Well 3 weeks after I got the phone it would not work right so called the support up  I was out of data how could i be out of data in only 3 weeks so charged $30.00 for more data then a week later not working right again charged another $20.00.  Your on one page and it will bounce to another page also the reception  is horrible. I hate this phone . tTomarrow I have to take it to Nerds on Call and it will cost just to walk in door $129.00 to fix an app called ( Talk) that really messes up all the apps, calling., notjhing will move. I hate this phone don,t buy one.

It didn't work, looks like there was a defect, can't do anything with it, unable to activate it either.  Had to return it for a refund, very disappointed..!!!

This phone has most if not all of the features of an expensive android phone. My wife is using this and is very happy with it.

The best value in the smartphone industry, especially if you don't use your phone a lot while travelling, etc. We have a Voip phone for the house to handle a lot of calls and we have Internet at the house so we don't use any data minutes at home. So for us it's AWESOME!

Really good basic smartphone IF you're in the tracfone ecosystem, otherwise shop around.  I knew that I wasn't going to be getting a top of the line smartphone, but this phone has otherwise exceeded my expectations. It is Android jelly bean 4.1.1, has GPS, google play, etc.  Wish it were 4.2.2 to add lock screen widgets and plug the heart bleed vulnerability, just be careful where and how you connect to open Wi-Fi. The camera is really bad, at 3MP you would think it would be OK, but it has no focusing. Some shots do come out OK, but most once transferred to PC look horrid. I mainly wanted a small device I could use GPS and have 3g data when we are out and about. So far so good.  One warning,  do not do a factory reset on this, it will disconnect from Verizon's network and it will take hours of phone calls to readiness support to get it back up.  If you do, go to there facebook page and start a support ticket there, they won't actually be able to help, but they will give you a different support group to call that can fix the issue.  Also, the Amazon app store will install, but it gets stuck when installing apps.  Easiest fix is to browse into the  sdcard and find com.amazon.(can't recall ) and tap the apk file there.  Then it will install no problem.

I've been wanting a smartphone for a while, ad have bene a TracFone customer for years. I was pleased to find this one on sale at Target for $75, so I took the plunge. At first, I was miserly with my data, but I've cautiously left it on for a few days, and after performing some tweaks to get things behaving the way I wanted them, and I've been pleased. I tend to usually be around wireless (always am at home) so it's easy.3G is a bit slow, but it gets the job done.I've found the touch screen to be a little finicky from time to time, but overall, works nicely. Battery life is okay; when you're actively using it, it's a bit of a hog, but it has some great battery saving features that have improved overnight performance. I added Android Assistant (Speaktoit) and it's like having an iPhone! I am very pleased. Not a high-end phone, so don't expect to compare to a contract Nexus, but this is a fine phone.one note: To send or receive MMS (picture) messages, you need to have data or wireless connectivity to download.

Battery lasts forever on basic phone. GPS receiver is very sensitive. The ability to easily switch off subsystems such as data, wifi, and gps is very nice.

This is a great value.  While not the fastest and most powerful android device, it does exactly what it is supposed to do - acts as a full featured phone.  The only think I dont like about this phone but will not decrease my rating because of it - is that there is no root procedure yet..

This phone is not as expected. It's runs on Verizon towers and the reception is not very good where I live. All the other trac phones runs on ATT and the reception is great. I WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT THIS PHONE IF I knew it runs on Verizon. I am not very happy with this phone.

Hey everyone! This is a 14 year old girl's review youre reading, because i wanna let parents and other teens know that if you want a decent quality smart phone, this is a good one to get. My parents are like most: they hate plans. My entire family, down to my grandparents, use Tracfone. With this device, you get alot for the amount. The service is decent, but the wifi isnt great. The apps are run nicely, but take this as a warning: there is no way to check your balance, unless you go download an app for it. Just search tracfone balance on the play store, and it will basically sent you a free text stating how many minutes, MBs of data, and texts you still have available. The camera isnt bad, but i advise getting a camera app. You can go on many soical networking sites too, so thats a gain. All in all, this is a nice phone that would work well with anyone who wants a smartphone. Buy it for your kids, you wont regret it. (:

I am perfectly happy with mine.  No problems to speak of.  I am glad that TracFone now offers smartphones. Yea!  Maybe not the latest models but, provides everything I have ever needed.  I don't want to write a book but, I am perfectly satisfied with mine.

The ZTE Valet from Tracfone is one of the first android phones to be offered on their network, making it a great choice for first time smart phone owners. It also runs on a fairly new android OS, android 4.1 jelly bean. This review will cover the Service, User Epxerience, Functionality, and Value.Functionality:This ZTE Valet, as I mentioned, runs on android 4.1, making fairly up to date in the smart phone world. I have tested the phone and It is compatible with almost all apps available on the Google Play store. It also has Wi Fi and 3G data, allowing you to access the internet at home or while traveling. The Wi Fi feature also allows you to save on data usage when it is not necessary. The phone makes switching between Wi Fi and 3G easy with a widget allowing you to turn on and off Wi Fi and 3G data with just a tap. The phone also allows you to access your e-mail account via Gmail or the secondary mail app. The phone has a 3 Megapixel camera with flash and has the ability to use digital zoom, and has video capabilities. It takes mediocre pictures and the shutter time is fairly responsive. The video quality is also just OK, but not the worst I have the seen in a phone. The Google maps navigation works very well and is great when you need directions quickly.User Experience:After having the phone for about a month, It has proven to be a fast and responsive phone most of the time. The only time you will experience lag, is after closing out of a graphically intensive application or game. It handles web browsing, video streaming, and phone calls excellently. The 3G data speeds are great for web browsing and social media, but they can be a little slow when attempting to stream video.Service:The Valet and all other android phones on Tracfone run off the Verizon network, unlike the feature phones which run off the AT&T; network. This means that your coverage may vary. Check the Verizon website to make sure your area has coverage.Value:This phone provides a lot great new features for long time Tracfone users or new smart phone owners. The pay as you go service also gives users much more flexibility than standard monthly plans. At $60 (During the time of this review) I would recommend the ZTE Valet to anyone who needs or wants a smart phone without the long contracts or expensive monthly fees.

I bought this phone and also a Samsung Galaxy Centura Tracfone at the same time (one for wife and one for daughter). Activation went relatively smoothly and everything seemed OK, but the ZTE Valet screen died after 7 days of very light use. Amazon will take it for a refund and I plan to get another Samsung to replace it rather than waste time with another ZTE product. Anyone who's switched phones knows that this is frustrating - time had been spent making sure all the contacts and apps had been tweaked to personal preference. Now all that will need to be done over. Argh!

I researched online and chose the Valet and boy am I glad.  I tell every one about my 10 dollar or so a month android. I'm so pleased that I didn't drop a star for having a hard time figuring out how much time I have left.  I'm 71 but I'll figure it out sooner or later.  The BIG plus is being able to turn off your wifi when not using it so it saves your batt.  I wear hearing aids and this little phone has great sound quality.  I paid 59 a target back in Dec. and see I them everywhere for that or less.  Do your self a favor and get this phone.  You wont be sorry.  Thank you ZTE  KEN CLARK

It's a great phone for the price!  Just what tracfone needed.  I wish it had the magnetic capability of the iPhone so I could put the compass app on it.

well, not really dead on arrival, as it turned on and worked until I activated it.  Then it would only power on when plugged in. battery said fully charged but when I unplugged it from the wall it repeatedly went black.  My wife bought from tracfone for 99.00 but sells on amazon for 69.00.  Either way is a waste of money, After researching reviews I am sending it back and getting the tracfone lg on amazon for 49.00.

Not a bad phone for a very basic smartphone. My biggest complaint is not having an easy one step process to retrieve voice mails. And it can be a bit tricky to know you have a message waiting to retrieve. But for $9 a month with Tracfone I can deal with the inconvenience.

This is one of 2 Android phones offered by TracFone and one of the first Android phones I've seen where you don't have to buy a monthly contract (unlike Straight Talk). You add minutes by using cards or by buying them from TracFone's website. On this phone, when you add minutes, you will also get the same amount of data minutes in megs. For example, I have a triple-minutes-for-life phone, so when I add a 60 minute card for $19.99, I actually get 180 talk minutes, 180 text messages and 180 megabytes of data. Also, whenever you add minutes, you automatically get 3 months of service. All these minutes and messages and megs carry over to the next month. (My older Tracfone has a service end date sometime in 2016 from all the cumulative carry overs) :)Some basic specs:1 Ghz single-core ARM7 processorHas Android Jellybean (4.1)The MicroSD slot accepts expansion cards up to 32 gigabytesCamera has a flash.The phone has hardware GPS, even though it doesn't mention it in the specs.Separate camera button on the lower right of the phone (which means it will be upper-right when you rotate the phone to take pictures)This phone doesn't have the usual Tracfone custom firmware, typical of older Tracfones, with a pre-paid icon for managing your account and a constant "minutes remaining" on your Home Screen. You might not even think it was a pay-as-you-go phone at first glance because Tracfone has done a great job of staying out of the way of the phone's operating system and just handling the billing. Instead, Tracfone has an App on the Google Play store that you can use to check your balance and add minutes. The App also has a widget that you can place on an adjacent home screen if you want to do a quick check on your balance. Another nice thing is that if you have WiFi access, the phone will automatically use your WiFi connection for anything Internet-related instead of your precious data minutes. (Talk minutes still go over the phone network, unless you're using Skype or something)The phone works fine as an Android 4,1 Internet tablet right out of the box thanks to the built in WiFi. You'll get an "activation needed" message each time you start up the phone, but I was able to play around with it all day, setting up my Google Play account and trying out Apps until I got it home. I'm quite happy with it.

Opening Remarks (review is below):First I must say cell phones are not new to me. I worked in the cell phone industry and that is why I use pre-paid service. That is all I am going to say about that and I will not respond to questions about that subject.Pre-paid is just a way to separate money from people who don't want to commit, can't commit or want the option to quit when things turn against their favor. With pre-paid you get cut-rate service at a cut-rate price. Those not familiar with pre-paid should know that when you call customer service you will not get a call center that is in the USA.Pre-paid companies were started by the big name cell companies as a way to sell service to everyone, pre-paid companies will cut corners with service to keep their costs low. With Tracfone I suggest creating an online account with them on their official website. From there you can activate new phones, register the phones to your account and transfer your numbers and minutes to new phones you buy without having to call tim-buck-too and speaking with someone that does not understand you very well. Try to do as much as your own problem solving and customer service as you can though their website to avoid their frustrating customer service reps.Review:This phone is Android yes: Cut-rate Android. It is limited to 3G speed for Data on the cell network. If you are expecting state of the art you had best go straight to the service providers like Sprint or Verizon and buy a phone there. There is a wall charger and usb cable included. The usb cable can be connected to the wall charger and phone to charge the phone or the phone and computer to charge the phone or transfer files like mp3 music to the phone.It has a single core 1ghz processor. It is not fast enough to run fast paced games or even multi-task. In fact a task manager runs in the background and closes the apps you minimize. Those familiar with Android know that on most devices apps stay open until the user "swipes" them off the screen. The app manager however will keep media apps open, like playing music in the background, while you use the device.The GPS works fine with the Google Maps app. A little slow to update changes and position at first but I don't know if this is due to the 3G data speed or the single core processor. It became more responsive as my trip went on. I only tested it once in a Midwestern area with no tall buildings.The Wi-Fi is fast and responsive with impressive range. It will also alert you by chime when you are in a free (unsecured) Wi-Fi area. Be very wary of using unsecured Wi-Fi as man in the middle (where you passwords and user names are recorded) attacks can happen.On mine, it has Internal Storage (for apps and user data) of 2.34GB available to use while a tiny bit is already used from the factory. The task manager app shows 386.31 MB of total RAM, just running factory installed apps I have 114 MB free. Again those familiar with Android know that 512 MB of RAM is pretty much the minimum you would want on a device that will run more than one app at a time with 1 GB or more becoming standard on top shelf phones.This phone comes with an SD card. Mine came with a Toshiba 4 GB class 4 card. The SD card can be used to as additional storage for ringtones, video files, etc. This ZTE Valet allows moving apps to an SD card from Internal Storage. Those familiar with android know some apps can be moved from Internal Storage to SD cards if the programmers of the app allow this and only if it is a program that does not automatically run on startup like the Facebook App, Twitter App or Outlook App do.The camera is low end 3MP. It requires a high amount of light to get photos that are not grainy. Indoors photos looked grainy no matter what I did except for when the subject was lit well from sunlight through a window. The camera is somewhat slow to respond, I don't know if this is because of the camera app or the single core processor. I have seen slower cameras on I-phones and top end Android phones though so all in all it isn't the slowest to respond. When I held the phone really still until I was positive the picture has taken the images had the best results. The camera features a flash but no "automatic flash" option. If I want the flash to be used I have to manually turn it on. It is also not a traditional flash but simply a white LED light that illuminates the subject, at close range only, when the shutter button is pressed and continues until the photo is completely taken. In complete darkness the flash had a maximum usable range of 5 feet for me and at that distance only illuminated the center of the photo. The images of faces taken with the flash on looked white washed.A top feature I have not seen before was an option to turn the Data (3g) on and off using the Power Control widget. A one click simple solution that makes this phone the ONLY pre-paid Android to consider. The Power Control Widget on my phone was installed on the first left screen. For those not familiar with Android, swiping my finger from left to right on the home screen reveals this screen. I removed the Android Tips widget from the home screen and moved the Power Control to the home screen to more easily use this option. This option turns off the phones ability to send and receive data over the 3g network thereby stopping any data usage when not on Wi-Fi. Of course you have the option to also turn Wi-Fi off with this widget too.This is a feature sadly lacking in other cell phone companies, so much so that people resort to putting their phone in Airplane mode (all data flow and calls are stopped) when apps like email, twitter and facebook start using too much of their Data plan. I've gotta give it up to Tracfone for this feature. A+ on this! So, if you leave  Data in the off position in the Power Control and only turn it on when you want updates on you accounts (email, twitter, facebook etc.) you can minimize how much data you use. Again I cannot stress how useful this feature is. If you are coming from another pre-paid or traditional cell phone company you may have found yourself exceeding your data plan when your phone was updating your accounts around the clock. On other phones it was possible to positively turn off your data for most apps by turning off Sync but this was often overridden by some apps and also stopped updates from coming through on Wi-Fi.Voice calls are fairly clear with a little bit of an "overdrive" or clipping on louder setting. The rear facing single internal speaker produces loud and relatively distortion free rings and music. It is however somewhat easy to block the speaker when placing it down on its back cover (like you normally would) especially on softer surfaces like seat cushions.The issue of "Minutes": Those familiar with Tracfone know that most newer standard phones give the buyer triple minutes. That is if you buy a 60 Minute card you get that tripled to 180 Minutes. Text messages on these phone were billed at .3 and more rarely .5 minutes per text.I have only bought my minutes for my ZTE Valet online via the Tracfone website and this is what I can tell you from that transaction. My 60 Minute card got me 180 Minutes of talk, 180 Text messages (incoming and outgoing) and 180 Mb of 3g Data. So, as you can see Text messaging is being billed not out of the Minute pool with Valet Android but instead out of its own Text pool. For me this is not welcome. I currently work where I am not allowed to take voice calls or make voice calls. I can text. I use about 20 texts a day. On my old Tracfone that was 6 Minutes that were deducted per day. Now it is 20 texts that are deducted from my text pool. So for me a 60 minute card will last about 9 days of texts at 20 texts a day (180 Texts divided by 20 Texts per day = 9 days) but I will still have 180 of voice minutes and 180mb of Data. With my older triple minute phone a 60 minute card would have lasted 30 days of text only at 20 texts per day (180 Minutes card was = to 600 Texts and 600 texts divided by 20 per day = 30). :-/I cannot give 5 stars to this product because its single core processor, its small amount of RAM and its current price (as of October 14th 2013). Virgin Moble pre-paid (a Sprint company), StraightTalk (a Tracfone and Walmart company) as well as Net 10 pre-paid (a Tracfone company) currently have Android phones with similar tech specs for under $50. Virgin has a $35 a month plan for Android with 300 minutes of talk and "unlimited data" a month, StraightTalk has a $45 "unlimited everything" a month plan and Net 10 has $50 "unlimited everything" a month plan.I did not deduct any stars for the new Minute/Texting pricing model. This phone is not using GSM carriers like previous Tracfones and instead is activated using CDMA carriers. CDMA carriers play by a whole different set of rules than GSM carriers and Tracfone has no control of that. I am almost sure they are the ones moving Tracfone to this different pricing model for Android on the ZTE Valet.Final thoughts:There is not Minute bank display on this or any Android on Tracfone. You must open a web browser like Chrome (via Wi-Fi or 3g) and go to: mobile.tracfone.com You will be asked to enter your phone number. You do not need your serial number. You will, after about 45 seconds, get a text message that does not seem to count against your text balance, giving you your remaining Minutes, Texts and Data. Of course if you are on 3g and not Wi-Fi this counts against your data balance. Don't forget to close your browser and turn of your Data on the Power Control widget when you are done with this or you it will continue to use 3g and it will count against your data balance if not on Wi-Fi. I have even been able to access this website on my home computer and receive the text message on my phone, thereby not using any data on my phone.Also install Norton Security from the Google Play store. This app is currently free for its basic mode and works very well. It works better with a Norton account (access to one additional feature) and the Norton company says it even works better in the paid version but I have not tried.If you are giving this phone to a child Install and configure Norton Family parental control. It will block websites based on your childs age and send you an email when they try to access websites that Norton deems inappropriate. I have not used this on the ZTE Valet but do have it installed on my children's Android tablets and fine it does quite well.~~~~~~UPDATE October 21st 2013~~~~~~~~~This is a review with the intention of helping others make a decision based on my experience with the phone and my experience with a great many cell phones from working in the industry. This review is in no way intended to belittle tracfone users as a small number of people may think.Battery life is astonishing with the ZTE Valet when I have the 3g Data turned off. The battery is lasting at least 3 days 2 nights on standby, with wi-fi on, only a few minutes of voice calls, 3g Data turned off and about 10 texts per day (with some apps installed)! I would typically see standard battery capacity Androids getting around 28 hours of standby with the same apps installed but with the 3g data on (because on those phones it can't be turned off).The apps I have installed are: Outlook, Facebook, Google Calendar, Astro File Manager, Chrome, Easy Reminder, Alarm Clock Extreme, K9 email and Norton Mobile Security. All apps work flawlessly. I have set my polls and updates for these programs to 1 or two hour intervals and disable Email Push.I have had no random reboots or lockups. This is pleasant as even name brand phones of the lower end spectrum are susceptible to this.Some odd things to report however are:-Calendar reminders and calendar alarms do not go off all the time when the phone is asleep (screen off and processor in low power mode). This has not been a much of a problem once I disabled the preinstalled ZTE Calendar program and installed that standard Google Calendar program. If I ever get this totally worked out I will update again.-Easy Reminder does not seem to work accurately more than 80% of the time. Easy reminder fills the gap in the Android OS where it the phone only tones once when a text message is received there is no "5 minute reminders" like dumb phones have where the phone tones every 5 minutes or so until you check your text message. With Android if you don't hear the tone the first time you're sorry out of luck until you wake the phone and see on the screen you have a message waiting. Easy Reminder sometimes misses new texts or sometimes thinks there is a new text when there is not. Easy Reminder app is prone to work in this odd manor on some phones or installs and my ZTE Valet is one of them. Reinstalling the app until it works right is the only solution for most people that want to use this app.Cases for the ZTE Fury and ZTE Director are supposed to work with this phone. The case I got for a ZTE Fury fits perfectly.Voice dialing has never, ever gotten my numbers correct, even in total silent surroundings. My last Android phone had an almost perfect record for dialing correctly. I am referring to number dialing where I speak the numbers I want my phone to call. Voice commands rely on a fast processor so I am wondering if this single core processor isn't the problem there. However voice dialing has always been perfect when I say the name of the person I want to call, eg "call home".Google contacts and calendars sync by default if you enter your Google account when setting up this phone or add it later through the settings>accounts menu.Microsoft calendars sync into the ZTE calendar app or the Google calendar app though the Outlook app. You can also sync your Microsoft contacts through Outlook and see them in the Android contact app but not edit them. I have written many articles on work arounds for this that basically tell the user to set the Outlook app to only sync the calendar and then add your Microsoft account as a Corporate account and set that account to only sync your contacts. You can then edit your Microsoft contacts through the Android contact app. This also works fine on the ZTE Valet.Youtube videos play fine over my home wireless internet connection. No lag or drops. I have not transferred video files to the device to play so I can't speak to the ability to view those videos.I disabled Google Handouts/Talk, Google +, Google Magazines, Google Books, GMail and Google Movies without any problems or adverse affects to the phone. This is an "expert" tweak that probably isn't even necessary given that this phones Task Manager automatically shuts down unused background apps.Last for my update the price is dropped by $10 since I bought mine. This brings the phone more in line to what I think it should cost. If it dropped another $10 I would say this is 5 stars far and away one of the best deals.~~~~~~UPDATE October 27th 2013~~~~~~~~~The data cable is standard usb 2.0 (1.0) size and the phone end is USB B micro This is the style they have used for the last few years on most, but not all phones and tablets. It is slightly smaller and distinguishable by its two small spring back prongs that help secure it into the phone. So if you have a 1 amp or higher charger with this end, you can use it.While waiting almost two weeks for my screen protector to come the screen somehow got scratched with a brushing type of scratch. Again (not trying to insult anyone here) but with cut rate phones they use plastic screens that scratch more easily than gorilla glass screens or scratch resistant screens. Be sure to buy a screen protector. I bought one for the ZTE Fury and it fit fine.By uninstalling and re installing the Easy Reminder app two times with restarts in between I have gotten it to work perfectly. At its current price as of October 27th 2013 I give it 4.5 stars. I don't think you can get a much better phone than this for Tracfone even in the Samsung for Tracfone.I am a very happy customer with this phone.

Battery does not sustain a charge. Signal strength low. Could not use this phone and I had to return it.

And I'm glad I did because this phone is awesome.  I live in rural South Central Illinois and was concerned about signal strength.  It seems the phone must use Verizon towers (Sprint is weak in my area) as this phone is averaging 3-4 bars.  I've installed 5 free apps and all are working smoothly.  No complaints from this guy.  A+

My family has been a longtime Tracfone subscriber and we wanted to upgrade from our LG500GHL phones to smartphones.  I was  pleasantly surprised that Tracfone offered 3 phones for our area.  I narrowed it down to the Samsung Galaxy Centura and this ZTE phone.  After comparing specifications and reading a bunch of reviews I decided to go with the ZTE Valet and the family couldn't be happier.  I didn't purchase the phones here. I ended up getting them for $49.99 from Target and Best Buy.  We have only had the phones for 10 days, but no one has any complaints, so far.All the bad reviews relating to WIFI had me scared and was the biggest concern to not get this particular phone.  That fear has quickly gone away.  We get great reception through our Netgear router.  The reception is no better or worse than any of our other wireless products.  My biggest concern now is how long will the phone last.  Time will tell and I will adjust this review accordingly.Upgrading the phones through Tracfone was quick and easy.  Doing it online and following their directions was simple and pain free.  All our minutes transferred over and the phones were operating in less than 30 minutes.

To me this is a very nice phone.This is my first as you say smart phone,and i am still learning all the functions and things you can do with it.Ihave had other tracfones and this is a low cost way to go if you don'tuse it a lot. And the best part is there is no contract.I would recommendthis phone to someone who this will be their first smart phone and doesnot want a contract.

I've owned several tracfones over the years. I went from the Lg 800g to the Lg 840g and now the ZTE Valet..It's ok as a phone (except for the wifi range) and I've had no problem getting apps to work on it.  I transferred music from the computer to the phone with no problem.  What I didn't count on was that videos that worked with no problem on the Lg 840g or any other device I put them on would play so poorly on this phone. The quality of the video is ok, but the video is jerky, freezes, and is often out of sync with the audio. I've tried several formats, changed settings, downloaded player apps from google play but nothing worked.  It's funny how my cheap android tablet plays video better than this phone.  Is there a solution?

First off. I hate two year contracts, high monthly fees, and a multitude of BS fees that come with cell phone bills. Having been a Tracfone user for almost 10 years, I envied smartphone users but refused to play the contract phone game. Now I have the best of both worlds. Also I like the option at Tracfone to buy just data credits if I choose. It's true that when you buy more airtime you get triple talk time, text credit, and data credit, but you can also buy the data separately. The phone is small enough to fit in my pocket, but not too small to use the features. I'm not a hipster or pocket protector nerd when it comes to carrying a cell phone. I would strongly advise getting a case if you choose to carry the phone in your pocket. The price on this phone swings worst than the stock market. Amazon had the best price when I purchased this phone.

i knew i should have waited months before purchasing this phone knowing the price woulddrop eventually and not worth a 100$ specially since shopcelldeals have the same phone on ebaywith 600minutes/data/txt for 99$ vs 89$ plus shipping and no free 600 when i bought it.but as for the phone i've been playing with it for a month now and its laggy half of the timeand yes its a slow but thats expected since its a low end smartphone. note that this is not likesg3/4 or iphone4/5 or even htc evo so dont compare those to this. Zte Valet is one of the lowestand when dealing tracfone services its best to deal it yourself thru the internet it will be slowjust be patience because it will be the same as dealing with real costumer service you have to wait.my summary is, its good enough with the tracfone service (dont have to pay monthly for a smartphone)i wanted a gps and led flash phone which tracfone java phones dont have so zte valet will do for now.maybe in the next months to come this phone will go down to 50$ so for those who arent in a rush, WAIT!UPDATE !yeah...after having this phone for 3 months my final conclusion on this phone is it does really SUCKED ! again its buggy touch screen wont response every once in a whileits slow to a crawl once in a while there's no update to kitkat 4.4 period !and there is no way to ROOT it.Devs all over been trying to root this since its arrival but so far no luckstay away from tracfone smatphones specially this one and go for byopAVOID ZTE VALET or you'll regret it, can't believe i wasted 95$ for this piece of crap.

this is the worst phone that tracfone sells poor customer support. No help at all. sending it back.don't buy this phone.once you transfer your old minutes you lose all of them! won't give back

Worked great for a few hours then would not dial out or receive a call.Worked with Tracfone to try and get it to work..No luck returned and ordered Samsung.

While it is a android phone it has it's quirts. The touch screen is sometimes very responsive are other times not so much. I has good sound. Yes I would recommend this phone but do exec t it to be a Samsung or  Iphone.

First, my comments on cost are based on buying this ZTE Valet on 6/16/14 from Shopcelldeals on Amazon for 49.99, including a 600 minutes prepaid card.I've had a Tracfone LG dumb phone for a while and like the low cost of Tracfone service, but I needed to add minutes and service days and was about to buy a 600 minute (200 x 3) card for $40. Hmm, so this deal came with that same card, so my net cost was $10 to upgrade to this phone, which I found hard to believe but it happened and I couldn't be more pleased.To compare, this phone was selling at Tracfone and Best Buy for $99.99 WITHOUT the 600 minute card which isn't bad, but the Shopcelldeals' price was crazy to pass up. (Maybe that's why it's no longer available with the card....too good a deal?)The phone itself is solid, flawless fit and finish and looks like most other higher-end phones which cost $100s more. Its performance is 3g only but I've found that of no concern for my light usage both for phone and internet use. I have an iPad2 and won't use this phone for internet much as a result since my old eyes need a larger screen. However, it is adequate for occasional web use for checking email, using maps or GPS etc. It's not the fastest out there but again, comparing this to a contract phone costing $50-75 a month is not reasonable... if you need the fastest, the latest 4g and cost is no object, you shouldn't even be reading this or considering Tracfone. ( My friends all pay $75-100 a month for their smartphone service and I will pay @ $9 a month for the next year for similar capabilities so you tell me which number makes the most sense ;-) )Basic setup was flawless... After I got the phone (in just 2+ days), I charged the battery then followed the instructions on the Tracfone site to transfer my current phone # and minutes. I did this online then activated with a phone call, and within an hour my old number and minutes were transferred to the new phone. Simple.As several reported in reviews here, important features of this phone are (1) the ability to upgrade the micro SD memory card up to 32 MB for those who want to store lots of music and/or photos; (2) the ability to use wi-fi for internet (data) use and keep your Tracfone data usage to a minimum; and (3) the ability to turn your Tracfone data usage off and use only Wi-Fi when accessible, and simply turn it on when needed and away from any Wi-fi signals. The phone comes with a Power Bar widget on your home screen where you can simply tap on or off for Data, Wi-fi, Bluetooth, GPS and Synch. Simple and a real $$$ saver.(4) This phone comes with Triple Minutes for Life, which does help over time.Now that I've used the phone several days, I think the quality and features and cost via Tracfone are well worth the cost of $50 or less. I personally would not have spent $100 since there are less expensive options for my light use but that is not a reflection of the quality but rather my budget when compared to my minimum needs.For those new to smartphones, just don't overload your phone with Apps and it should handle the basic functions fast enough.And once you set it up with the basic instructions included, it would serve you well to download the entire phone manual from the ZTE website.... that walks you through every feature on the phone in great detail.

I was always curious about smartphones but couldn't afford the monthly plans that they all demanded with their carriers. Once i saw tracfone FINALLY began to offer android phones at such low prices, it was time to upgrade. Of the 4 models tracfone currently offers, the ZTE Valet is the BEST and most technically up to date model. So if you're considering a tracfone model, look no further.After having nothing but 3 "dumb" tracfones previously, the experience with the ZTE Valet is like night and day! Its a true, full-featured, Android smartphone. It has all the features of the nicer models out there, just at a lower-end(slower cpu, less ram, 3G instead of 4G, etc). So you're getting the legit smartphone experience with this unit and its pretty great!Apps that you'll want: Once you register your Gmail account and get access to the google play store(which will auto-update all your bundled apps to make them current), you'll want:#1- Tracfone my account. This app lets you keep track of all your minutes, text, and data easily, and also comes with a widget(basically an accessory that comes with your app) that lets you place the full display on your home screen. So you'll always know how much you have left. Only issue is it does not update in real-time, you have to click the green "update" button. After a few minutes tracfone will send you a text(at no charge), saying how many minutes/text/data you have left. And a few minutes after that, your wiget's display will update. Great app!#2- Big Buttons Keyboard: If you have larger hands like i do, or even small hands, this app will work great to ensure easier typing. It makes the buttons/keys MUCH larger and easier to hit, and lets you adjust the keyboard's height and how much of your screen it takes up. Free also. Great app!#3- Your phone will come with a power widget! Just a black rectangular bar that allows you to switch on/off your: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, Data, and brightness level also. This is another essential widget that should be placed on your home-screen alongside the tracfone display. It lets you keep track of what is on and off at all times, so that you don't waste your data and or battery life senselessly with features left on.#4- Standard Android Browser (with the little blue globe icon). Yes, this phone already comes with this app built-in, but its out of date. So you'll want to disable that one and download the latest version off the Google Play store. This is one of the best Android browsers and makes surfing the net and watching videos a breeze! Some important tips to remember: #1- the zoom feature, which is basically placing two fingers on the screen and spreading them apart. Makes browsing pages and tapping small links much easier. You can also double-tapp on an area to make it zoom in on that spot. #2- In the menu you can enable it to "request desktop site" or the mobile version. One may work better than the other, depending on the website so keep that in mind. For example trying to play videos on the desktop version of youtube works poorly, but the mobile version plays videos great!I could go on but overall this is a excellent, entry-level android phone. Highly recommended!

Sucked  worked for two days then crapped the bed ,after several calls to Tracfone the problem was not resolved went back to old phone and returned the junk

The phone looks nice and has a long battery life, but that's all the good I can come up with. The WiFi is terrible, my new LG Optimus II is way better at connecting and staying connected. You have to be a very short distance from a hotspot to get a signal. The performance is also lousy with daily lock-ups. The LG Optimus II I have now has the same processor, so it must be the firmware that is the issue. I also found some apps did not run on this phone, like my banks app (Associated Bank).Another issue is the cheap screen, which looked OK in portrait, but had issues when turned sideways to view a video. The blacks would look silver and the contrast was very bad in landscape mode.I had the phone close to 30 days before returning it.

Almost bought this for my sister until we realized the way they divide the minutes.  Sure, you get triple the minutes, but it's divided into 3 categories:  talk, text & data.  If you buy 400 minutes, you get 1200 talk, 1200 text & 1200 data (I corrected some incorrect math from a previous review.  Thank you SO much to everyone who is quick to correct!).  On top of that, texts will cost you 1 full minute per incoming & outgoing text.On the ancient flip phone she had, she would get double minutes & could use them any way she wanted.  A text would cost .3 minutes.  Using this phone, a text would cost 1 full minute & she would only have the 1200 minutes to use.  Once that's depleted, you can't send/receive texts - even though you have a balance in your talk or data minutes.So, with the old phone, she can send/receive a total of 2400 texts buying 400 minutes.  With this phone, only 1200 total.  That's 50% fewer texts!  Then, you bank up a bunch of minutes you may never use if your primary use is texting.  If you want your minutes partitioned out this way & want to try an Android phone, it could be worth it.  But - if you're looking for an updated phone that will bill you the same way as the old flip phone, this isn't it.  She ended up getting the lower end LG phone which still bills the same & is happier with that.  Apparently, once you move to the Android OS, you're on the new plan.

I always use a Tracfone. They had three smart phones to chose from when these first arrived on the market. I chose this one due to the features, the price and the triple minutes for life. I'm very happy with this phone for what I use it for. Added comment June 11th 2014 = I've had this phone now since Christmas 2013. I hate it. It doesn't work well as far as navigation. The buttons are too small for typing. I wish I never purchased it.

When Tracfone 1st came out with these I decided to migrate to one of these from an old flip phone..For whatever foolish reason a person does things I bought this brand of phone directly from tracfone..  I liked all the features the phone had over the old flip phone because It was almost like having a computer in my pocket..  I liked the phone so much that I decided to buy a second phone...this time from Amazon.....and then I bought another one from Amazon for a friend...  The phones seemed to work fine and had no immediate problems with any of them....  Unfortunately all 3 of them lock up occasionally or the screen goes black until the battery is removed and re-installed..  The other thing that I don't like is I can't get root access to the phone...  The chances are extremely slim that I'll try any ZTE phone in the future..

Doesn't work so well. Wi-fi works if within 10 feet of router and within line of sight. Go further away or add a wall and no good.Also, have to constantly remove and re-insert battery for it to power up. You get what you pay for!

Have been a loyal Tracfone user / promoter for several years now. Was glad they finally had a Smartphone available in their lineup. My wife had a Smartphone through work and when she didn't have that anymore it was getting harder to get her used to the non-smartphones again. I got her one and the complaints ended, so I decided to upgrade my old flip phone as well. Triple minutes for life is great and Tracfone actually not only triples your minutes it does an equal share across the board for text/data/talk. So there isn't any confusion on this, I'll demonstrate it for you... you buy minutes, say 400 minutes, right! So when you activate your 400 minute card you will receive 1200 minutes, that 400 X 3 = 1200. So now you'll have 1200 text minutes/ 1200 talk minutes and 1200 data minutes, from a 400 minute card. That's GREAT aint it!!!

This is a great phone, for the money. It seems to do all, that my friends I phone does. I really like it a lot.

I like this android device and phone. When i first connected to WIFI and put in my gmail account, It proceeded to download and install the apps i had chosen on my previous android phone. It didn't install any of the preloaded apps. It even carried over the settings like sleep time of one minute. It holds in the bar at the top left the current temperature of the place i live from the 2 weather apps i have installed. They usually have two different temperatures with the actual temperature probably falling somewhere between.This is my third android phone and the best of the lot.

I and lots of others have contacted Tracfone.  This phone runs the Android 4.1.1 Operating System.  Currenly, it is the only Android OS that is not patched to secure it from the Heartbleed Bug issue.  It can be fixed with an update, but Tracfone, nor ZTE have put forth any effort to get this security issue addressed.  Shame on Tracfone.

Very pleased with the phone and my TracFone service. They do what I need them to do at a very reasonable price. Good clean connections with my family and friends, WiFi works when I need it, the handful of apps I use on the phone work just fine. As a Mac user, I'm very satisfied how well this Android works within my Apple Eco-System. It is not the equivalent of an iPhone but considering what the bottom line costs, it is just fine for what I need the phone for.

I've been a TracFone customer for years. I got this phone last xmas and have been nothing but happy with it. It's my first smart phone.Admittedly, I'm not a kid who feels the need to send pics and video of my entire day, wherever I am. I've hardly dented the data allotment that came with my one-year service card because I use wi-fi whenever possible. I've loaded up the phone with apps from the Google Play store, put a pile of mp3s on it, and enjoyed the hell out of it. I've used it to watch streaming video (only recommended with wi-fi - you'll empty your data bank in a hurry if you use it that way), paired it by bluetooth with my car and done all the things that people who spend over a hundred bucks a month do. I spend about $10 a month.I do recommend that you get a bigger Micro SD card than the one that comes with it if you want to add a lot of apps and use it as a music player. I bought a 32 gb card for mine. I'll also say that the battery can die quickly if you have a lot of things, like Bluetooth, GPS and a bunch of apps running at the same time. I leave those things off unless I'm actually using them.Good phone. Buy it.

Great cover for my phone. Love that it comes in different colors. It helps the phone to stay on the dash also.

great features, good or better than any other Android currently on the market. keypad a 'little' small for my 70 year old fat fingers, but workable. downloaded by favorite ringtone, 'It's Five O'Clock Somewhere' and have Facebook, email, etc, from my computer and iPad on the ZTE Valet. And the cost from Amazone was the best price I had found on the internet or any of the local stores.

This is a good starter Android phone for someone who is used to regular or feature cell phones (non-Smartphones).  The phone starts up with minimal delay and automatically goes through the process to set up/login to a Google Play account.  The touchscreen is responsive and any delay between screens/apps is minimal.Since my previous TracFone was on T-Mobile's network, I had to wait about 24 hours for TracFone to port my number over to Verizon before I could really start using the phone.  I had read elsewhere that a new airtime card was needed so the phone could be activated, so I bought a 60 minute card not knowing that transferring a number and airtime from another phone would fulfill that requirement.After I got the phone activated, I still had the 60 minute airtime card I didn't really need for activation.  Since airtime cards are non-refundable, I redeemed my airtime card and ran into a problem.  You can't enter the card PIN directly into the phone like most TracFones to redeem a card (not very convenient IMHO).  I went to TracFone's website and redeemed it there.  I got a confirmation text message stating a card was redeemed, but no airtime was credited to my phone. (TracFone doesn't have an airtime display on their smartphones and you need to request a text message via their website to find out how many minutes, texts, and web browsing MBs you have left.)  It took a chat session and 2 calls to TracFone to get my minutes added.  My impression was TracFone was having computer problems at the time, as the customer service reps had problems looking up information while on the phone with me.  They were pleasant though and eventually got the issue resolved.Overall, if you want to try a smartphone just for calls, a few apps, and general web browsing, the ZTE Valet will work fine.

Don't worry about online reviews stating wi-fi is poor with this device.  I have connected it to many wi-fi hot spots without issue.Previously considered &#34;smart phone&#34; through Verizon and the monthly service cost would have been over 5 times the cost.  It is wonderful to have a &#34;smart phone&#34; through Tracfone and not break the bank.

after my old flip phone from tracfone stopped working after 7 years or so, I saw that tracfone had begun introducing smartphones and after considering, I eventually chose the zte valet, this is my first experience with any smartphone.----**WARNING: do not format reset this thing unless told to do so. I had to jump through so many damn hoops after that, I thought it was a goner. Let me say that I was not born yesterday when it comes to electronics, as a matter of fact I love them and the more buttons the better. But when I had some issue I can't remember, I thought a reset would do the trick. I don't really read manuals and figure I would just learn by experience as usual. I thought it would be like resetting any device. But after that I tried calling but no success. It wouldn't send or receive calls, which was not a problem beforehand. If you have already done a format reset, well blessings to you and keep trying if you have the patience. I must have called them over two dozen times.I'm not sure exactly when or how long this was (beginning of January and at least over a week) but it was the most awful customer service experience ever. Some of the people seemed to have an attitude as soon as I called, while most seemed pretty unfamiliar with my problem. When I first began calling, I thought I totally messed up since everyone acted like I couldn't be helped because I &#34;wasn't in the service area,&#34; which seemed like bollocks because according to the website when I put in my zip I was covered--turned out my specific address missed the coverage by just a tad, I checked coverage myself on Verizon the site and they agreed themselves after they actually checked it. I also searched through various forums to see if I was the only one, and according to my research it seems that a lot of android phones have this issue. But I didn't know that at the time.I followed all their directions, every single one I was given, even when it didn't make sense, even when I had already done them, over and over again. It was the most infuriating process. Half of the calls were long (over 50 minutes) and so many didn't want to listen to me. Online I saw some people had same the same mistake I did and said after trying so long they eventually updated it or something. Anyway that gave me hope, so I kept trying. Since I missed the coverage mark by a hair, however, they just didn't even want to consider doing the update, so after talking to one lady who suggested I drive somewhere with coverage, that's what I did. Then I call again to talk to some other flunk who yet again sounded so rude and ticked off just knowing she was going to get a caller. This messed continued for another 45 minutes until she asked me was I in the same zip code I activated the phone on. I said no--everyone that I spoke to said it didn't matter where, just be in the service area, and since I had to go to that town anyway, I chose that spot. SO after saying curse word that came to mind, I drove back to my own street, but an area that had coverage, and FINALLY after the same stuff (activation codes, turning it on and off, taking out the battery) she finally moved on and tried something else. Even she tried to get me to reset it again and I was like, lady no--I just did that with another rep, it's not going to do anything. She was the first and only one to say ok and move on. I know people need to follow a certain criteria with these things, but after its been done 50,000 times, 50,001 will not work.To wrap up this mess (didn't realize how much I typed but people need to know this,) she got me back on track. Don't know what she was doing but she was obviously talking to someone else and following their instructions. I started dialing local numbers to see if they would go through, and eventually they did. It was miraculous. Then she got me to have someone call me (check if I could receive calls) and it was legit. Finally it was over. This experience represents why I hate customer and technical support.-----BACK TO THE PHONE:I like the phone very much, although I do miss real buttons. Sometimes it does freeze up a bit but not much. The camera takes the best pictures when it has good lighting, The flash doesn't do much.There are some things I don't have much of an opinion on, like the gps, camera, etc, because I already have my own. I do like that it came with an sd card, and the wifi for me has done just fine, however I only use that in the house. Whenever I go out I just switch to data. Its nice to have something with internet on it, though I wouldn't recommend it for prolonged surfing. Switching my number and minutes was easy. It does what a phone is suppose to, making calls and such.I did notice some eye strain. Don't know what kind of screen it has but I've heard complaints of LED screens causing eye strain, and not after long use, maybe 20-30 minutes tops. Now I make it a point to blink more often and turn away sometimes when I'm playing game apps.Again I'm a first timer and I think it's fine. Just be aware if you NEED to reset it. It was worth the $75 then spend on it. Of course there's better phones, but this is tracfone...I say its a big step up.

Stop talking about tracfone customer service...granted it's not the best & it is an aspect of a review that some may wanna knw abt but i think the majority wants to read something abt the ACTUAL phone functionality. So here's my take: I bought this frm best buy 4 $80 & i must say its not bad 4 an entry level phone. Its a huge upgrade from my tracfone Motorola EX124G which i only got 4 the looks but now i got the real thing & its pretty awesome. Its nice & responsive & i had no problem w/ activation. Everything transferred over & Yes wifi is subpar but i love the new data cards. They r really cheap...i like the 750mb for $20. Call quality is good in my area, i was able to transfer contacts flawlessly. I store all my music, photos, video on the microSD card & all went smoothly. I downloaded the Tracfone app that tells your amount balance. I can pretty much dwnld anything on this phone. All the apps i've dwnld load fine. The camera worx OK...the jury is still out on that flash. Its just an led lite not quite flashy but it'll suffice. All in all, its a pretty cool phone. Its not an iphone or SG4 but it has 4.1 jellybean & does what i need it 2 do. If u lookn 4 sumthn like those phones then i suggest u go break your bank 2 keep up with the Jones' & i'll b stylin & profilin with my ZTE Valet.11/23/13 I just wanted to check back in & share a few tips that works for me that may help someone else who is new to tracfone or just android smartphones in general. Androids are very customizable so if there is something that you dont like or isnt user friendly for you, you can simply change it to your liking. So here are a few cost-saving tips that i'd like to share: 1) to save data, make sure you turn off data when you're not using it. Depending on what you've downloaded some apps may be updating or running in the background i.e. weather apps and that uses data. And you may want to check the app manager or download one so you can see whats running & kill it if you not using it. 2) this is one of my faves: the Opera Mobile browser helps you save data; it compresses web pages which reduces the download size and improve page loading time and reduces bandwidth consumption. There's also Opera Mini that works on java-enabled phones & tablets. I had it on my motorola ex124g and it ran flawlessly. Opera can show you the original size of the page, the received size of the page & how much data you saved in %. It can also link your bookmarks, speed dial tabs & search engines between computers and phones. It will let you save web pages for offline reading. I used this feature alot on my old phone, for example, if i wanted to check out some recipes for dinner or read a review, I would search for the page, hit the saved pages tab, confirm and i'm done. That would save me a few minutes on my air time compared to if i would've read it in real time.Also to save data, try not to stream music, movies, etc too much unless you're on a good wi-fi network. 3) if you're running low on talk or text minutes or just want free try using something like google voice. I personally use google voice but i know textplus and pinger are good also.I use a hotspot frequently & have a little over 900 minutes that transferred over so this phone isn't costing me much to run it at all & I absolutely love it. Hope this helps you save $$$ too! Enjoy!

In choosing this no-contract phone, one of the more important features was its WiFi connectivity so that the Internet might be accessed without using any purchased minutes.  It was able to do this, though only within a relatively short radius of my WiFi router which made it impractical.  It was reluctantly returned.  Back to the drawing board.

This phone was much less expensive than I could get locally or from the TracFone website.  It was shipped quickly and arrived promptly.  It was in full retail packaging.  I haven't traveled anywhere yet with the phone so I cannot comment on coverage or functionality outside of my hometown where we have decent 3G Verizon coverage nearly everywhere.

long time tracfone user, was very excited when they started selling smartphones. Great features, but the screen could have a little better resolution quality.

Some reviewers have commented on the lack of Wi-Fi sensitivity. I found that no matter what kind of wireless router you have or where the phone is in relation to the router the phone does not seem to ever show more than three bars. However it appears to function well with only two or three bars showing. In other words there does not seem to be much correlation between the number of bars and its ability to receive Wi-Fi. It seems to work anywhere in a 1300 Sq Ft. condo. the phone has a good feature set and works well.

I am not a phone junky, I use the mobile for emergency and light texting. I work and live in a WiFi rich environment that allows me to use WiFi for the smart phone features. I like have the ability to use data if I need to. The phone provides easy access to turning on or off features to prevent unexpected charges and to extend battery life. The camera is of minimal use, no auto focus so it can't read bar codes or Q codes, also prevents any close up pictures. The phone lacks a magnetic sensor so none of the compass apps will function. I have loaded the apps that I use on a regular basis with no problems, receive all of my e-mail, use goggle + and chrome. Have loaded a level Clinometer app that work well.For the cost and my life style this is a perfect phone!If you do not have access to WiFi you will be burning through the data units quickly.

I was a TracFone customer for years, but feeling the need to drag myself into the whole smartphone thing, jumped ship on them in 2013.  Funny timing: mere weeks after I switched, they spontaneously joined the fray with 4 Android phones that all hit the market around last October (all featuring low-end hardware and 3G, but also low prices).  Still being a minimalist who places high priority on rock-bottom bills, I decided to jump back in.I decided on the ZTE by way of elimination.  From what I've read, the other 3 phones are all deal-breakingly bad:-The LG Optimus Dynamic ($80) is an anachronism with an ancient version of Android (2.3 Gingerbread) and a small 3.2" screen.  Worse, it only has ~150 MB of internal memory, so it can only fit like 4 apps before the phone's full.-The Samsung Galaxy Centura ($130) has decent specs (Android Ice Cream Sandwich, 1 GHz processor, more memory) but everyone says it's prone to randomly crashing, freezing, and forgetting what time it is.  Having recently owned a Samsung that did the same stuff, I believe it.-The Huawei Glory ($100), which sucks because it's a Huawei, no further explanation needed, though there are plenty on Amazon.On paper, this ZTE matches/beats the others on all counts: it has one of the freshest version of Android (4.1 Jelly Bean), a 1 GHz processor, 4 GB of internal storage, 3 MP camera with flash (and is the only one that lets you turn off the shutter sound), 3.5" screen, not too much bloatware, and a competitive price of $100.  But it has a couple flaws of its own, just not the kind that show up on paper:-The touch screen kind of sucks -- it's spontaneously sensitive, sometimes registering your button presses and sometimes ignoring you.-The Wi-Fi is an abomination -- unless you're in the exact same room as your router, it probably won't work.  My bedroom is one room away from where the router sits, yet this phone is blind to it 80% of the time.  Every other Wi-Fi device used in this house can get reception at the end of the driveway and beyond.  Since you pay for every megabyte of data, a flaw like this kind of defeats the point of going with TracFone in the first place.In theory, TracFone's still the best deal in town for super-light users.  Example: if every 3 months you buy one of their "120-minute" (actually 360) cards for $30 + a 2 GB pure data card for $50, then every month you'll be paying $27 for 120 minutes of talk time, 120 texts, and 787 MB of data -- not too stifling.The good news is that the LG Optimus Dynamic 2 is supposedly right around the corner, which supposedly solves the problems of the first version (more memory, faster processor, bigger screen) and so has a chance of becoming TracFone's first good smartphone.  Wait for it.

I've used this phone for about four months now and it's OK.  I've made phone calls out in the middle of nowhere (that would be half way between Aurora and DeKalb) and no issues getting a signal.  As far as running apps goes, even 'The Game of Life' can get choppy.  I found that most of the issue stems from having the WiFi turned on, so when running apps it is best to turn it off.  My only real complaints about this phone is that the speaker is easily distorted at high volume, and that the wireless reception is very weak.  I'm only 8 feet away from our wireless router and never get more than two bars.  My desktop always indicates signal strength is excellent.

When I transferred my sd card to this phone, most of my songs wouldn't play. It mentioned not playing songs without copyrights. I have had this sd card for a while and has been through a lot of phones, but this is the first time this has ever happened.

Word of WARNING. Please share this. If you are a Tracfone user and are thinking of switching to their Android phones...DON'T. We purchased this Android Tracfone for my daughter at Christmas thinking it would be nice for her to have the extra capabilities next year on campus. Triple minutes...sounds great too. On her previous phone a 120 minute card tripled was 360 minutes. A text was 1/3 of a minute so she got 1080 texts. On the new Android phones you get 120 phone minutes, 120 texts, and 120 data minutes. Since my daughter usually texts she was out of texts and had added enough air time to have over 1000 talk minutes built up. We decided to transfer her back to her old phone figuring she could at least use those minutes up before getting a different service. They transferred her number, but the Android phone contract does not allow for transfer of minutes. No service rep (and I talked to too many in the transfer process)mentioned that, and the first rep actually said they WOULD transfer. Her new phone from a different carrier arrives today. They have lost one customer from this family and once my minutes are gone I will be considering new carriers as well. BAD move Tracfone. She used this phone for less than 3 months and pumped 5 $30 cards into it without my knowledge before we realized what was going on. One $30 card would normally carry her for that long on her old phone.

For $50 plus tax at BestBuy, or $59 at Amazon, you get a great entry-level 8gb smartphone!  My wife and I've been using flip tracfones for over a decade and until now used iPod Touch's over wifi for "smart" functions.  Only problem was when we occasionally needed to get online when wifi was unavailable and texting is a real pain using a keypad.  This phone fills these needs very well, makes texting a breeze, and has a GPS too.Pros:Transfer your existing Tracfone minutes and cell number online (no card purchase req'd for existing customers).Can turn off Mobile Data for Wifi-only use.All your favorite Smartphone Apps available.Can "side load" content (music, movies).4gb internal + 4gb microSD (class 4) included.Upgradable to 32gb microSD (recommend faster Class 10) for $15-$30.1ghz single-core processor (plenty for non-hardcore gamers)GPS included3x minutes, 3x texts, and 3x MB data card purchase creditsMonthly payment plan options (also 3x credit)Cons:3 MP Camera will not replace your point-n-shoot camera.Fairly weak household wifi reception.Transfer of more than 1,050 existing minutes requires a phone call to correct (make sure you wait for your old phone to become inactive and complete registration of your new phone BEFORE calling Customer Service...their system won't let them update the credits until your new phone is registered and working...and they're not aware of this!)
