
Got it for 299 on no contract price! This thing is siiiiiiccckkk! I am currently getting about 28 hours out of a charge with heavy use!

AFTER GOING THROUGH 13 REPLACEMENT GALAXY NOTE 3  IN 4 MONTHS, I DECIDED TO GIVE UP AND AND TRY HTC ONE MAX TO SEE IF IT BETTER THAN NOTE 3.  THE NOTE 3 GIVE ME SO MUCH STRESS. IT THE SAME PROBLEM OVER AND OVER,OVER. I HAVE TO REMOVE BATTERY ONCE A WEEK WHEN IT FREEZE, UNABLE TO ANSWER PHONE, NEED TO TAKE SEVERAL SHOT TO GET A CLEAR PICTURE, AND IT REBOOT BY ITSELF. ANOTHER PROBLEM IS IT NOT LOUD ENOUGH TO HEAR WHEN I AM IN A CROWD OR RESTAURANTS. THE MUSIC SPEAKER WAS AWFUL.

So far I LOVE it!  Just got it a few days ago, but already easily adjusted to the screen size (which was my biggest concern).  It's really only a little bigger than my old phone -- Droid Razr.  They have a function that makes it easier to use with one hand if you like, but I find I can still reach around and do most things with a little stretch (I have small/average hands).  The stylus is really AWESOME, especially that I can take notes in lecture and not have to worry about my hand making marks on the screen when I rest it (which was a huge problem with my ipad).  With the stylus and the S note app (comes pre-installed), I can write in it as clear and naturally as in a paper notebook (huge bonus when it comes to storing notes, and wishing I had them to refer back to years later but didn't want to store those notebooks forever).No gripes yet, but I'm pretty vocal.  If I come up with one, I'll post it!Oh, and HUGE tip from the verizon lady -- the old chargers WORK!  The plug is totally different, and supposedly the included charger will charge it faster, but the older plugs actually fit and charge the phone!  So happy I don't have to get all new accessories (car charger and more wall chargers for work and home).Recommend this one over the S4 -- does the same stuff, but bigger with a little more functionality (supposedly the processor is faster too).

Fast and tons of memory. This came with 32Gb (compared with the 512Mb of my old Epic 4G) and a slot for another micrSD card. I added my old 32Gb one. Reserve several days to learn all the functions of this feature rich smartphone.

There is absolutely nothing that I don't love about this phone. I recommend it to literally everyone and tell them what a phenomenal deal I got on it through Amazon ' s Verizon upgrade offer!

I researched the crap out of this phone.Pros-Big battery, good life-Its a Samsung phone(usually quick to update and support a device 2 years out)-32GB storage-The pen is GREAT for a taking quick notesCons-My hands cover the speaker often, maybe that's just how I hold it-Above average amounts of bloatware.Other-Don't care about the fake leather backing, I have a case on it.-Thought I would use the pen for a week and never again. WRONG! Use it daily for on the go notes. Much easier than evernote!

Large phone, borderline tablet which is why I bought it.  If you are like me and use your phone for the same things you use your android tablet for you will adore this phone.  I was impressed how fast this thing is compared to my two year old HTC Rezound.  I also have the cover with the window in it which is a must have if you pocket carry like I do.

Two of my family members received these phones several weeks ago. There are persistent and  serious problems with call quality that have never been resolved. Many calls to tech support and updates did not resolve the problem.

Love my phone.  I use it for real estate. Easy to see and my kids refer to it as the brick, because it is so big.  They have no clue what we had in the 80's. :)

Best phone I've ever had! Truly stable. I've been late catching up on phones but compatibility is important to me via Windows and this phone has it. Simply impressed and I do recommend.

I thought it was a good phone so I bought it.and you could do a lot of things with it an I like the way everything Sonic

My wife is in love with this phone ever since I upgraded her from the Galaxy S3 to the Galaxy Note 3. Nice large screen and the stylus is really cool! It is recognized by the phone just hovering it over the screen and it has it's own popup features for the stylus.

Phone is great, love it.  When my company cancelled my work phone I was happy to pick this up.  But trying to transfer my number was a disaster.  Verizon figured out how to do it and credit things correctly, but Amazon is lost.  Wants to charge me the full cost of the phone even though Verizon said everything was ok.  Just want to keep my same number.  If I have to I will be sending the phone back and never trying to do this type of thing with Amazon ever.  Sometimes you just need a human.

I'm an apple guy, but also travel a lot.  when I saw this I tried it and am a convert. with a portable keyboard it's all I need when I travel overseas.  I won't take my macbook or my ipad on the next trip.  this note 3 will do it all and it's awesome.  I love it and will be giving my iphone to my daughter shortly.....it's a trade up for me!  I highly recommend it.

Great phone.  Love it. Easy to activate.  The large screen is a major plus for me.  The s Pen is fun to use.

Best phone I've ever owned. I was worried about the size at first,  but got used to it after a few days. Perfect for watching Netflix or listening to music. So many adjustable features. Battery life is excellent despite large display.

I traded in my iPhone 5 because I thought this phone looked great in-store. I previously owned phones --way back-- like the Omnia,and was hesitant about the Samsungs again. The size of the phone is about the only redeeming value. It's a big screen, yes. But, other than that the rest is downhill.Call Quality: Horrble! I never had an issue with my other iPhones, or phones. This sounds like I'm calling from a bathtub. That is, when it's not dropping my calls (on Verizon, too!) Try it on speakerphone? Ha! Good luck. Call quality takes another enormous dive.Responsiveness: It lags a lot for me, applications are often slow.Graphics and Pictures: Pictures are pretty decent. Not bad.I get a lot of black screens and have to restart applications. When I go from say a Twitter link to something else, it's black, slow to load. I thought the phone would be blazing fast, but it's way below any iPhone or even other phones. My wife has the LG G2, and while it's supposed to be fast (LG G2) it makes the Galaxy Note III look abysmally slow.Overall, I'm greatly disappointed in this phone. I switched because I think it had great promise as an &#34;all-in-one&#34; type phone, but not for me. I'm going to trade the phone back in for something else and likely take an incredibly big financial hit for buying this piece of garbage.

Everyone at work laughs at me when I &#34;answer my laptop&#34;.  I don't care...this phone is terrific and I'm looking forward to implementing this tool into my daily routines at home and work.  I'll try to update this review as I uncover more positives and any negative experiences.  It was quite nice to get this from Amazon at a price that the Verizon store couldn't match.  The staff looked at me strangely when I showed them my Amazon cart showing the unit selling at $199.  Getting the phone online was ridiculously easy.  Charge the battery, call my number from another phone and press a key.....phone activitation occurs.  Turned the Note 3 on and all was good to go.  Keeping it simple is ALWAYS the best way to go!

Simply put. The Samsung Note 3 is the best product on the market in its class! I am completely satisfied with my Note 3. Additionally, I ordered all the currently available accessories.

This phone doubles as a small compact &#34;palm top computer,&#34; with available apps such as AutoCAD 360, Adobe .pdf, and more. Swore I would never give up my Casio Brigade cell phone after a bad 2011 smart phone experience, but the Samsung Note 3 changed my mind.

This is the best phone I have ever had and I've had what I thought was the best but my Note 3 blows everything else away.

I have had this phone for just about 1 month and am really enjoying this phone.Battery life is fantasticInterface is quickThe multi-pane viewing is a great featureThe S-pen hand writing is a nice break from thumb typing everythingthe only things i feel really didn't meet expectations was the eye scrolling and gestures but these are small pieces of an otherwise amazing product.

I bought this phone at Costco as opposed to Amazon, but I wanted to make a quick note/warning to anyone looking to purchase this phone.  The battery life after the latest android update 4.4.2 is absolutely terrible.  The 'Android System' takes up about 10X as much battery as it used to and dominates the battery consumption, as opposed to the 'screen' which used to dominate consumption (as it should).  Even after installing battery doctor, putting the phone on power saving mode, it's still significantly worse than before (when I did not need these options).  It is purely a software issue, but an enormous one.The screen is otherwise nice, and the phone is responsive, but expect an enormous battery drain such that your phone will not last a single day on a charge (whereas prior to android kitkat it could go over 2).

Last year I owned the Galaxy Note 2. I thought it was a near perfect phablet, except for just two main areas for improvement: Screen resolution/sunlight legibility, and after a while there was noticeable slowdown after too many apps were installed. Now that I have the Note 3, things are much much improved.Lets make this review simple and straight to the point, with a few comparisons to other phones:PROS:1) The biggest and most obvious different when you first pick this up is the screen. And WOW, what a screen it is!There are a handful of improvements:* The resolution has been upgraded to 1080p(from the Note 2's 720p). You can noticeably tell that it is crisper.* You will also find out that it is a lot brighter. This screen has been technically measured to be the brightest screen of any phone, and just now bested by the Samsung Galaxy S5. For us geeks, that means Samsung has upped the brightness levels to an incredible and unheard of 660 cd/m2 max(as tested by DisplayMate).* Sunlight legibility is MUCH improved over the Note 2. The Super AMOLED has AWESOME contrast levels(velvety deep blacks). I can finally use it in the bright sunlight now!* Touch input response is lightning quick. This means when you touch something, it responses nearly instantaneously. It even beats the iPhone 5S, the previous champion, and is only just bested by the HTC One M8.2) This phone flies, almost literally. The Samsung Exynos Octa-core/Snapdragon 800 processors mean this thing will hardly ever lag, and 3GB of RAM means you can multi-task to your heart's content! This phone is AWESOME for gaming.3) Improved S-Pen hardware/software mean it's no longer a gimmick gadget from the original Note. Too much to describe all the functions, and you can do without it for most functions. But business users will really appreciate this once you work on productivity/design apps.4) All those software features! Granted, you can do without most of them for day-to-day things, but being there nonetheless means it will improve your ease of use. The are also too many to go through all - there are literally over 30 features! One of my favorites is the Smart-Stay feature, which uses the front camera to monitor that you're looking at the screen and won't dim/turn off, which is super duper useful for when you are reading the news/web pages, etc., holding the phone up with one hand, and your other hand is pre-occupied. No more having to shuffle your hand and risk dropping the phone to tap the screen when it auto-dims to bring the brightness back up. This is especially and specifically useful for me when I'm reading in bed on my Pulse News app. Also, there are tilt and hand-gesture features for when you want to scroll web pages, emails, zoom in on photos, switch to the next or previous photo or music track, answer a phone call, etc. etc. etc!5) The sound is noticeably louder as well. It doesn't have that immersive stereo effect of the HTC One's dual stereo speakers, but by itself it is louder. This is useful when you are in a noisy environment, and having one loud mono speaker is more useful than having two expansive speakers that space the sound out wider and making it harder to hear. As good as the HTC One sounds, I hate that for most things like music and video, it is so darn soft and frustrating. I now appreciate this one loud speaker setup more for regular everyday outdoors use. Although the new HTC One M8 has much improved and louder speakers than the older M7.6) Having a huge battery means I can do whatever the heck I want with it, and even after heavy use I can still not have to charge it until I'm in bed at night. The one thing that frustrates me most about the HTC One is this very flaw - I literally have to be near a charger/portable charger ALL THE TIME. I just use it to read the news for about 30-40 minutes and 20% will already be gone. And when I charge it, it trickle charges like a turtle! With the Note 3, being able to replace the battery is an added plus, and the USB 3 port means it can charge very quickly, usually from 20% to full charge in about 2.5 hours. But even these two advantages cannot compare to the simple fact that it has a huge-capacity battery in the first place. from about 10am to 2am, with heavy usage, I usually end the night at about 30%, which is actually quite amazing since I am on it constantly - phone calls, checking emails, web surfing, checking sports stats and news, and spending hours using my Pulse News app.CONS:*There are few things you can nitpick, like the design/material quality - for a flagship device it still feels a bit chintzy, not like the premium look and feel of the HTC One or even the Sony/Nokia phones. The plastic back nice a nice leathery LOOK, but it is still cheap plastic and feels just like it. Thank goodness most of us cover our phones with cases, so in that aspect it's not a big deal, just that for a $700 phone it should have been made with much better materials and craftsmanship. With rumors of a new Galaxy luxury line, this may be changed very soon though.*The Touchwiz user interface can be hit or miss. It's not for everyone, that's for sure. There is a minute, but noticeable lag when you open certain apps or switch between apps with the multi-tasker. Luckily, being Android means we'll never have to settle. My recommendation - especially if you like the simple/minimalistic look, is Smart Launcher Pro. Try the free lite version and see for yourself.I can't think of much else really to fault this phone, except for the fact that simply for what it is: It's a niche machine that's half tablet/half phone - it will not satisfy you as a tablet replacement(I feel the perfect size for video/game usage is the 8-9 inch range), and it will frustrate you as a phone because you can never comfortably hold it in one hang, and do all the things you need one-handed(I feel the perfect size for a PHONE is the Apple 5/5S). But if you can compromise to this form factor and accept it for what it is, then there is no better alternative, period. Samsung dominates the phablet market, and that's because this is a nearly flawless multimedia machine with an excellent, crisp, brilliant screen, powerful hardware, useful software, and AWESOME battery life. If you like big phones, you will NOT be disappointed!

As good or better than I had hoped for. This is a fantastic crazy fast phone/tool. It's size and performance allow me NOT to have to go out and buy a tablet!

This phone does everything you could ever want in a phone.  It is so fast.  The sceen size and viewing quality is out of this world.  It's like a computer in your pocket. The camera takes the greatest pictures. all I can say is wow!!!!!!!

The best smart phone that I ever had.Interface is excellent, touch screen works well and there are plenty of Apps from google play store.

I am so glad I waited for this phone instead of jumping onto the S4. The display is phenomenal, the S Pen is an awesome tool. I held onto my Droid Bionic for longer than I wanted to, because I just wasn't that excited about the phones that were available. Having the unlimited data from VZW still, I knew I'd be paying retail price to keep my data plan and wanted to make sure I waited for the right phone. Samsung did a great job, and I personally am glad they did not jump the screen up to 6 inches for the Note 3. The display size is perfect, but any larger would be too big for a phone. I waited to see how HTC's One Max would turn out. I liked it's aluminum build, but for me, it just didn't have enough to challenge the Note 3. Thus, I went with my first Samsung phone. It's fast, feature loaded, and I have a lot of fun with it. Best of all, Amazon price matched the phone to Verizon's website price, so I saved $100 and was able to use an Amazon.com gift card I had saved. Very glad I made this purchase with Amazon.

well when I wanted a bigger phone because I use it 24-7 I waited for the galaxy note 3 to arrive. I must say I am pretty happy with the phone overall. It's fast does more than I could ever want and I really haven't noticed the extra size in my pocket versus my droid razr xt912. It's light and compact (thin anyways). The S pen comes in handy and has helped me not reach for my laptop.+ plusesThin and lightspeed (3g ram)Gorilla glass screenreplaceable battery (a must for me)memory sd card upgradable (I have a 16g)will be lots of accessoriess pen greatusb3.0 charges fast- n e g a t I v e shas a cheap feeling compared to my old Kevlar and aluminum droid razrleather looking back is even cheaper feeling than the phonewifi disconnects and reconnects randomly and frequently I have had to the Verizon store once with no fix I understand this is more of a wide known issue with Samsung products (says the forums) So far it's not a deal killer because my 4g with Verizon is as fast as my cable internet at home.3g ram 50-80% used up when you look at the memory manager. I haven't experienced any lag issues but I worry about that as I add apps. I may want super user access on this phone to prevent some services from booting and using memory.usb 3.0 cable is cool and charges fast but not really economical to carry it around and the OEM Samsung cord sucks because it's to long and huge in a bagOk I think that sums it up. If I find other flaws or gripes and I will update the review.Great job Samsung not, lets work on quality of materials and fit and finish. I really think for $700 this phone should feel higher quality.06/04/13 Update. Since I have a new internet service and router I have had zero issues with WIFI connectivity.

Amazing cellphone. I'm very happy with it. All the details of this cell here is true, for me is the only and also can you use two applications simultaneously. I really like the battery is also durable. I recommend it.

the phone is awesome its super fast smooth responsive everything you could want in a phone the s pen and the features it has are amazing and the camera's are also awesome.

Before giving my opinion and experiences with this phone I want to start with some advice if you are upgrading from another Android phone.  Search Samsung's site for an app called Samsung Smart Switch. It's free and easy. If you find issues with that app for any reason you can move all of your text messages from your old phone to this one by loading a free app calledSMS Backup & Restoreand following the directions I outlined in my November 30, 2013 review of that product. Another free app you may want to consider isSoftware Data Cable, which allows you to back up your old Android phone to a laptop or PC, then move it to your new phone from that backup. You will need to load that app on your old phone and the Note 3, but it's simple and very handy.While the size difference between this and the Note 2 is only a matter of inches, the screen on this one is brighter, has more vivid colors and can be easily viewed in direct sunlight. The 32GB of internal storage is a big plus because the 16GB on my Note 2 was beginning to get full. When I added in my 64GB external SD card I swapped from the Note 2, total storage comes to 16GB more storage than my 80GB laptop. It's easy to forecast that the next version of this phone could finally wean me off computers. As it is I am spending a lot more time on my phone doing stuff I use to do on my computer.This is also a much faster phone. I do not use it to anywhere near its capacity, but it zips along from one screen or app to the next with no lag. I was more than pleased with my older Note 2, but this one is even better.I take a lot of pictures and video, so I appreciate the greatly improved camera resolution and the easier and more intuitive interface. But what I truly love is there are no major differences in the user interface even though this one runs under Android 4.3 versus 4.1.2 on my Note 2. In that respect there was zero learning curve. After tweaking a few settings that did not come over when I restored my old ones, I was up and running as before in practically no time.This ships with a cable that supports USB 3.0 and has what looks like a connector that is incompatible with existing micro USB chargers, that is not the case. You can still use existing chargers, battery packs and the such because their micro USB connectors will plug into one side of the charging port. If you have a computer capable of USB 3.0 your transfer rates will be lightning fast.The battery is about the same as the Note 2 for use time between charges. Since the Note 3's 4.3 Android operating system does include Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) support you may notice a slightly improved use time if you use bluetooth a lot. As it stands there is a very slight difference between the Note 2's 3100mAh battery capacity and the 3200mAh one in this phone.I am still exploring the nuances of my new phone, so as I discover noteworthy features that I have missed or emergent problems that I should warn about I will update this review to reflect them. In the meantime, if you are considering an upgrade to the Note 3 from the previous model and are wondering if it's worth it - I say yes.

This phone is literally the BEST phone I've ever owned. Samsung really hit it out of the park with this one! The screen in absolutely amazing.  Beautiful, bright, and bold! This phone is so fast! That Snapdragon 800 really brings its A game. Everything is buttery smooth and I love it.  This phone is a powerhouse and I can barely put it down.  It feels great in the hand. Though the screen is bigger, this phone is thinner and lighter than the Note 2.  I really didn't think I could love a phone more than my beloved Note 2, but I was wrong! Full HD 1080p takes things to another level.  I paid full price for the phone and it was worth EVERY penny.  Samsung has won a new fan!

Big screen, long battery life, and powerful specs. What more could you ask for? This is the top of the line smart phone right now.Beware, I have had issues with the stock charging cable.It is USB 3.0, and is slightly larger that a normal USB 2.0 from most other phones. Plugging in the 3.0 charger will sometimes work, but mostly it doesn't You may have to use an old charger, but the battery is so big that it will take you a while to fully charge that way.Search for &#34;USB 3 cable not charging&#34; on andriod central to see others with the same problem.

Absolutely love this phone.  Has a nice big screen and the keyboard is great.Takes great pictures.  Easy to operate.  Has numerous features.

the screen quality is second to none.  This is the best phone i have ever used.  the bigger screen allows you to do business like you are at a computer.  I just ordered 2 more for family members from amazon.  Amazon is the best place to purchase these phones as well.

I had the Note II and this phone has been a great update to an old favorite. Brighter screen, faster processor and more pen functionality. If you like big phones this is the phone for you.

This phone is awesome!  It can do almost anything.  The battery lasts for 2 days before I need to charge it.  There are so many things that it can do that I need to go online and learn about all it's capabilities.  Very happy with my purchase!

This is a great phone and tablet with all the features you could possibly want. I wear it in a (less than $5 from Amazon) Sun-glass type case on my belt, and the fit is perfect. But, like many other users, I was having a serious issue with the WIFI dropping out frequently. I tried all the recipes on the web and none worked. Thanks to a lead on the XDA Developers Forum I just stumbled on the answer that works here. TURN OFF THE BLUETOOTH. That is all it took to restore stability to my WIFI.Samsung needs to fix this.

At first I wasn't sure if I liked it.  The phone seemed to have a few glitches but seem to have worked itself off.  No sure if its new or refurbished.  Either way, it works well.  I give 5 stars to shipping though; phone arrived fast.

The best Smart Phone I ever had. Battery is fantastic. I am a real estate agent and I use my smart phone for business purpose. I can't even use half of my battery even in long day of work. Just love this phone.

still learning the phone but its cool-I just wish it was cheaper-it sure ha a lot of toys to play with

I bought my Note 3 last Fall. It works fine at the location I usually live.  I have a summer place which is 20 minutes away. My Note 3 has very bad signals. I could not even place a call out. The battery goes dead very quick.  I had iPhone before which I had no trouble at both locations. The rest of my families all have iPhones. Nobody has troubles  at the summer house. When I spent almost all week to google Note 3 problems, I was shocked to see how many people had  reported and discussed the similar problems. Switching to a new SiM didn't help in my case which many other had already done. I highly doubt Verizon could fix it at all. When my contract is over, I'm definitely switching back to iPhone.

The Note 3 was more than I expected. The hardware/specs is what a top smart phone should have. The screen is bright, big and a delight to view a web page or movie. I like a phone with power and this smart phone has it. It you want a real smart phone this is it.

Amazing! Nothing but good reviews here. Love it, it does everything I expected it to do.my life rite here....my precious.

So I come from a long line of iPhones.  I never had a problem with any iPhone.  To this day I think that they are great phones.  I did try several different android phones before but I always went back to the iPhone because I felt that android still needed to mature into a more stable and unified platform.  Well I think that android is definitely at that point now and it is a rock solid and great operating system for phones and tablets.  On the other hand I had mixed reviews about the hardware used on prior android phones.  The specs always seemed impressive on paper but in real life usage I was not happy with the performance of android phones when compared to my iPhone experience.  Something about them just didn't seem right.  That is until I got my hands on a Galaxy Note 3.  This phone is simply amazing.  It has a rock solid operating system plus hardware that is blazing fast at everything!  Plus the screen is awesome and the battery life is great.  The S-Pen has a lot of neat functionality and is not just some gimmicky gadget it is actually useful and nice to have.  I can finally say that I don't see anything that the iPhone has that this phone does not and on the contrary I feel that I couldn't go back to an iPhone because this phone offers things that the iPhone cannot such as the beautiful large screen and the S-pen.  And for those who say this phone is too big it might be for some people but I think its a great size and I have no problems carrying it around in any of my pockets.

No problems once so ever and cheaper than going into the store.i think I made the right decisionThank you

My first week of testing the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (Verizon) has yielded amazing results.  I put on the 0.4mm tempered glass screen protector and was ready to give it a run through a myriad of tests before I decide to swap my current Galaxy S4 (GS4) for the Galaxy Note 3 (GN3).- Size: After coming from the GS4, the increased size of the GN3 is not that drastic. Perhaps 1mm thicker, 1/2" longer, 1/4" wider, but somehow this yields a 5.7" screen over the GS4's 5" screen. It just means you won't have to squint as hard to watch the boobies!- Weight: I am impressed by how light the GN3 is when compared to the GS4 and the GN2. There is a very slight difference of weight between the GN3 and GS4, but it's so minimal, that it certainly launches the GN3 to a new level.- Pen: The pen function on the GN3 is freaking phenomenal! However, I believe this is solely an OS issue, and not related to hardware. I found that the Papyrus app to be more to my liking than the included apps.- Speed: Oh my freaking chupacabra this sucker is fast, noticeably so over the GS4. Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor clocked at 2.27 GHz, holy moly, this puts the GS4's specs (quad-core processor clocked at 1.9 GHz) to shame.- Memory: 3 GB of memory vs the 2 GB in the GS4.- Storage: Glad to see Samsung boosted the stock storage from 16 GB as found in the GN2 and GS4, to a whopping 32 GB. I won't actually need an extra SD card now.- Battery: 25 hours of talk time unmodded/unrooted, are you serious? Wowzers, this 3200 mAh battery is the bomb, boasting a 22-day standby time. GS4 has a 2600 mAh battery, and gets around 20%-40% less talk/standby time. 84 hours of music playback anyone? Yes please. After 4 days and 2 hours, my battery is finally at 49% with wifi on.- Camera: Same as what's on the GS4, which is awesome!- Video: 4K video, wait what?! Are you kidding me? And up to 120 fps slow-motion capture??? Oh, this is going to be fun! 3840x2160 (4K) @30 fps, 1920x1080 (1080p HD) @60 fps, 1280x720 (720p HD) @120 fps. For reference, the GS4 only does 1080p HD at 30 fps. No wonder it took the #2 spot for top camera function on a phone! The only reason it didn't is somehow, that s***ty Windows Nokia phone scored half a point higher in camera function. In addition to the image stabilizer featured in the GS4, the GN3 also includes continuous auto focus. This is a HUGE improvement over the GS4's video capabilities. I took several videos with the GS4, and it was constantly loosing focus. Not anymore with the GN3!- Google Wallet: It's back! I think it's great that Google Wallet once again works on the GN3. I used to use it all the time on my developer version of the Galaxy Nexus. Google discontinued official support for this app on the GS4 for whatever reason, though a modded version could be applied.- Knox: An eFuse, that defaults to 0x0.  Any attempts (currently) to modify the bootloader results in tripping Knox, or setting the eFuse to 0x1. Does this have any effect on the phone itself? No. It only means that once tripped, your warranty is void (as with rooting or adding a custom bootloader as it always has been) only now, Samsung has a way to track this.- Rooting: Full root and 0x0 Knox bypass has been established for the GN3. I believe the XDA community is currently working on a way to add a custom bootloader without tripping Knox.This is definitely a great device to consider if you are looking to go with a phablet!

This is a excellent phone to use. I am so excited for this new device.  I need a protect case and screen protector sheets.

I got it sent to me the second time because the first one was defective. It restarted on its own. I returned it and Amazon sends me another one... no hassle. I got the 2nd one and I love it! Really fast and light.

If you are tired of an iPhone (which I'd imagine no one is... sad because the iPhone 4 to the 4S was a bigger leap from the 4S to any of the 5's . . . why? Steve Jobs. Sadly he is gone and apple will never be the same) get the GALAXY NOTE 3!!! Yes it does suck a little because you don't have seamless integration via other Mac products. Guess what? Who cares?! This is a far superior phone and I could go into specs but just read the reviews because I'm too lazy to write them. I had a 4s for two years, then got the 5s and was disappointed to them max!Fix the freakin' aspect ratio you fools. This is the third iPhone 5 and they still fell flat. Pathetic. Truly unacceptable. It's not even 16x9. Why? Yep, no Steve Jobs. This is rudimentary and Apple still doesn't get it. Unacceptable. So I got the Note 3. This baby will blow you away. And if you get a wallet case (Cellto wallet case is awesome) then it is not that bad at all to put up to your ear. It begins to not feel like a tablet (which is beneficial because this pretty much is a tablet too). Amazing Phone. Proud of Samsung for getting it together and delivering! And then some. Love the Pen as I am a filmmaker and just creative :) GET IT!!!! I realize most out there aren't tech save. So have fun with your iPhone. The Galaxy Note 3 combines both worlds. Technicality and user friendliness. Don't believe or don't care? Have fun with an inferior phone. And I love Apple. Always have had both PC and Mac computers. But innovation will never match what Steve Jobs did for Apple. He laid out the blueprints for multiple devices to the world to expand on. I guess Apple didn't get the memo. Clearly. They've reached their pinnacle and can only attempt to catch up to what was already handed to them. Again, pathetic. Disappointing. If you're serious in getting a great phone, buy the Note 3. If not, get whatever the hell you want. It will be inferior. Choose as you will. To each is our own.

Good battery life.I can actually use it because there is enough screen real estate for me to see what I'm doing.Sure, it's  the Readers Digest version of smart phones, but it's much more  handy than the Rezound it replaced. I haven't found a use for the stylus or the note pad function yet, but I'm sure I will.One thing that I really like is that I can make phone calls with this phone. I came to hate the HTC phone interface, but this one is easy to use.

I work for a cell provider and I've used every major phone under the sun. That said I've seen the worst and t he best.I chose the Note 3 because of the screen size and sacrificed a few things in doing so. First of all Samsung's manipulation of the android OS is cumbersome and a bit annoying all of the extra garbage and bloatware is a constant nuisance always asking for multiple log ins and sign ups. The recently added security is a major pain and kills apps that don't need to be.My biggest gripe with the Galaxy line is how cheap they feel, the Note 3 of course being the least of the bunch but still too much plastic.Another issue I have with all Samsung devices is the audio processor, this is easily fixed by adding an EQ like Power Amp but even with this add on fails to come close to an HTC one w/beats proc or an iPhone.Samsung has accomplished a major feat going against its main rival Apple but needs to keep a close eye on HTC with aluminum body design and LG making major strides with devices likeke the Flex and G2.I have already seen what the S5 is going to bring and I am by no means impressed so hopefully they make the 4 a much better design both internally and aestheticly.But as for the Note 3, I like the camera ( too much bloatware though)  The screen size and clarity, the pen is useless, but the software is the one thing that will keep me from buying another Samsung.

Samsung is the bestNote 3 is the bestIts not too bigGet an Otterbox to protectSign up for a class to learn all about it

Wow Awsom cell phone still learning all the amazing things that you can doEasy to use so many things to learn

I got this phone and just love it. I wish it had less blood ware using the memory but still this is one amazing phone. I seen people complaining about the gps but no problems so far. I got the Nexus 5 but you can't compare this two, I think in this case you get for what you paid and the Note 3 is totally worth it.

It pretty much exceeded all my expectations. I suggest getting the new glass like protective lens for it because like all phones it will scratch.

This is my favorite phone yet.  At first I thought that such a big phone would be inconvenient.  For me that was not the case at all.  I can't speak for everyone though, and I would encourage anyone looking to buy this phone to look at it in the store, and see what it feels like in the pocket, etc.The phone isn't tablets sized, it's still just a big phone.  I have no problem putting it in pockets, but I have big pockets.  What I really like about this phone is that it really blurs the line on what a phone is vs. a tablet / a kindle / a portable game system.  This phone has no problem doing any of those things.I can use full web pages, not just the mobile versions.  I can read a book from the google play library or the kindle types very easily.  It plays plants vs zombies 2, minecraft pocket edition, stuff like that.The battery life is excellent.  You'll only get a few hours gaming, but doing almost everything else, you get quite a lot.  It charges quickly.  The screen is gorgeous.  The stylus is quite handy - I find myself using it quite a bit.  I like the fact that it's attached into the phone, making it difficult to lose (there's a setting where the phone reminds you not to leave your stylus behind if you walk away).All in all a great phone, perfect for my uses.

I had been wanting to upgrade to one of the newer notes for a while. I had the original Note and held off until the Note 3 came out. Amazon had the best deal and I am very please I waited. This phone takes care of all my business and home chores.

When I start my car with the Note 3 bluetooth on, Samsung feels compelled, via the smartphone, to say something like &#34;Good morning. I hope you have a nice day&#34;. Actually, I'm not interested in Samsung being part of the family like that. I just want a smart phone. Ironically, their message degrades what was starting as a nice day. Maybe I've turned the radio on. Suddenly there are two sound sources. It's distracting, and while driving!Maybe this can be turned off. I think I found a way once, but then it reverted. I don't want to spend a lot of time learning how to deal with this.Samsung does the same with their washers and dryers. Basically good machines, they will wait until you're unloading clothes, with ear next to the machine, then hit you with a jingle. Why?It's too bad, because the Note 3 is generally a great smart phone, but with the Samsung's fixation on popping people with the sound intrusion, I can't rate it better than 1 star.

I love my phone I am extremely happy with it it froze once but that was it other than that I haven't had any issues with it.

I bought this phone in December 2013. l still love it. The drawback is its size. l hare small hands and it can be difficult to grasp because it is big.It is also heavier than my previous phones. The size is why I bought it though - l wanted the big screen and it is worth it. lt is very durable. I did put a case on it but it is a lightweight one that only covers the edges and back. I have dropped my phone many times with no damage.Samsung does have a lot of useless programs that come pre-installed but I haven't had issues with those. My battery easily lasts all day most days. If the battery seems to be draining quickly, clearing the cache and restarting the phone seems to solve the problem.The On-screen keyboard is easier to use on the bigger screen. The split windows are now useable. Games are easier to play. Everything is easier to read.One more drawback is that the volume buttons and power button are directly opposite of each other. I often end up pressing both at the same time.The rest of the phone isn't much different from the Galaxy Nexus. the programs are the same. The screens look the same only bigger.

I have had this smartphone for a few months now and I continue to be disappointed with how buggy and unreliable it is.  I constantly have problems getting the phone and headset features work consistently.  Also, the phone is a power hog, even with the large battery.  I have constantly having to turn off features like WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, etc. when not using them or I have no chance of getting through the day on one charge.  When the battery does get low -- below 5% -- the phone has to be powered off to charge or it will shut itself down, even if it is connected to a charger.  One of the most irritating features is that you have to enter your password to turn the phone ringer on or off.I do like the large screen but that is about the ONLY thing I like about this device.  I will be moving back to an iPhone when they release their larger screens later this year.

I searched for a phone for a while. This is by far the best I've ever owned. The screen is vibrant and a great size to view everything from movies to games. The raw processing power is noticeable,  screen to screen transitions are smooth. Heavy apps load and run flawlessly. The battery lasts for 2 or so days under moderate use; even being inside a structure that prevents 4g/3g signal. The phone is large but one handed operation is easy, it even comes built in. All in all I really have nothing negative to say,  I'm completely satisfied. Great job Samsung!

Great phone .... Great price. I have to admit I am still learning about it.. My previous phone was not nearly as sophisticated so theres a learning curve for me, but I'm having a blast. p.s.: The camera is awesome.

Everything as advertised and described. A bit difficult to navigate and can not load pics directly to Facebook from photo album.

I was excited to purchase this device since before it came out.  I did a lot of research and waited quite a few months before upgrading from my Galaxy S3. Initially I was satisfied with the device.  10 days after purchasing the device; however, I am stuck paying more money to replace it. Normally I do not purchase insurance on devices and luckily the phone company put it on without asking me. I did not drop or put any excessive pressure on the phone to damage it. I set the device on the counter and when I picked it up a few minutes later the screen was malfunctioning. Having 14 days to take it back to the provider I tried that first. I was informed that there was a pressure crack in the LCD and that apparently I had caused it. Knowing that I had not done anything to cause it I became very upset. I was told that I could send it to the provider but if they determined that the phone was damaged I would have to pay full retail for the replacement refurbished device they replaced mine with. The other option was paying the $100 deductible for my insurance and not knowing exactly what was wrong with the device. I turned to Samsung to solve this delima. They looked at the phone and determined the LCD was cracked, said that I caused the damage to the device and it would cost over $200 to repair. Now I have a device that I did not damage and must pay an insurance deductible on to replace. I asked how to file a complaint with Samsung about this and they said I cannot. After further researching this specific issue I have found that this is actually a common issue with this device. It can actually occur due to temperature changes in the device that are considered normal operating temperatures. I have to note that I loved my Galaxy S3. It was why I stayed with a Samsung device. I was even considering buying a Samsung television because I love my old phone so much. The S3 was durable as hell. I musthave dropped it 100 times before the front glass cracked, the LCD still works flawlessly. Apparently the quality of their products are not uniform across the company and they don't stand behind their products even when they should be under warranty.  I will NEVER purchase another product from them again. Be cautious when making a purchase from them.

Wow, I havn;t needed to root, unlock, and install roms at all yet. The stock rom is plenty fast enough for me and the battery life is amazing. I would typically get about one day from my S3 and I get about 2 days from the Note3.

Bought for great price as a new Verizon customer. I learn three days later could have gotten it $20 cheaper. Also could have gotten a S4 instead S3 for same price. All good things come to those who wait. Over all I am still happy.

This phone is beautiful..features galore... Screen is stunning feels great in the hand and super fast.... Multi tasking is a dream... The only down fall I could see is the size for some ppl... Size is perfect for me though

I just received my Note 3 today and it is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!!! Its a lot to get use to but I'm up for the task.  I am using Youtube to check out some hidden tricks that I am unaware of.  I gave 4 stars because the package came without my earpiece.  The colors and the size of the phone is amazing.  I switched from the Samsung Droid which drained the battery in 30 minutes.  The sound from the speaker is crisp and clear.  After holding the phone for a few hours it doesn't seem as big.  I will check in again after using for a few months.

this phone is a great phone it has so many features that I am still learning about and using everyday.

I love my Glaaxy Note 3. The screen is larger than any on the market (that I could find). It is so easy to use. If I want to learn a new function, the help guide is tremendous.

Love it does the job and the battery last a long time between charges. Still learning all its ability keeps me busy.

To preface the entire review, i was researching this device with VZW for over 2 months.  Amazon has always had the lowest price, verizon couldn't even come close to matching it.The process was tedious for me because i was adding my line to a family plan and did not have the account holders driver license number and some other information. When trying to go through the process VZW customer service verified who I was and had the ability to make changes on the account but would not tell me the information I needed.  Luckily the Amazon rep was on the phone with me and was able to help facilitate what I needed.  While I was on the phone with VZW, at two separate points they tried to steal the sale from Amazon but could only offer discounts in accessories (which amazon was still beating their discounted pricing).After finally receiving my phone two days later, I tried activating my device.  I spent over 4 hours on the phone with different VZW reps to help activate the device. No one could help me.  I guess what happened was someone at verizon had my order set to be activated the following day, but they ported my number from sprint already.  I was without service for almost 1 whole day.  The following day was Thanksgiving when I needed to activate it, but VZW's support number was closed due to the holiday.  Luckily i was able to connect with someone at Amazon who had a direct contact number, who was able to force my activation and get my phone up and running.  If it wasnt for Amazon I would have been down an entire two plus days without a phone.After buying the device at $199.99 on Nov 26, I found the device price was lowered.  I called amazon and since it was within 30 days of purchase they are refunding me the $50 difference.  Which increased the monetary value for Amazon wireless even further!The only down side (besides hours on the phone trying to activate) was the fact that although I ordered the protection plan through VZW when ordering with Amazon, Verizon had no record of that.  As long as it is within the first 30 days you can call VZW to add it.  I had read a previous review that said that, which made me double check a week later after activation.All in All, i had a lot of hiccups with the process, but the Amazon wireless customer service made right by everything I went though and was a pleasure to work with and well deserving of my business.  I will definitely go through amazon for my next mobile purchase.

I have used many apple and Android products... This is the first phone I can say that I loved. Yes, the screen is huge, but that's a good thing! It does fit in your pocket (It fits everywhere my last phone did). Battery is good but not amazing. I usually get a day and a half out of it, but I have killed in less than a day by playing games/browsing for 4+ hours.

Coming from Samsung Galaxy S3, this was a decent jump.  Fits perfect in my hands -- I have been using this phone for several weeks now, it is probably the best smartphone in my opinion as of writing this review.  I do dislike the crap-ware built in by Verizon, cannot get rid if it unless one roots the phone.  Battery lasts at least 2 days on moderate use.

Size Matters!... so make sure yours is bigger.This review doesn't matter to your decision. Go to your search engine, search Note 3 reviews, read the reviews and buy it because it's and awesome phone.

I have had this phone for 1 week. I love it. It does take some time to get used to the size and find your way around all the features but it is worth it. It does everything I ask of it and it does it fast.

I did a lot of research before purchasing my first smart phone.I am love the big screen and the stylus for me works extremely well.I plan on keeping this phone for some time.

This is my first smartphone and I'm pretty happy with it.PROS:Micro SD card (64GB) optionBig screenCONS:Why not 2 SD card slots?Why bloatware?Why have a pen?I ordered this phone on Amazon but 5 days passed and they never shipped it so I picked one up at Verizon.

I bought the galaxy note 3 out of contract because I travel a lot between Europe and the USA and I need to switch between sim cards often. However, the so-called &#34;unlocked&#34; version of the note 3 is actually region-locked, so that if you buy it in Europe it will not accept *any* sim from the USA (and vice-versa). And of course, I had no idea of that limitation, nor did my seller...Afterwards I found on the Internet people saying that Samsung could unlock my device if I complained hard enough; that I did, but they did not; I am now stuck with a half-useless phone. Thanks but no thanks, Samsung!Too bad: the note 3 (when in its locked-region) is actually a great phone...

I was very happy with my phone. It came when they said it would. My only complaint is that the activation instructions were not clear so I had to call customer service.

I have had this phone for about 3 months now and I love it.  I traded in my iPhone 4s, used a Costco sale and various discounts and got it almost for free!Pros:Faster than the iPhone (much, much faster).More memory (expandable) than the iPhone (I have 64 GB total with a memory card)Large screen (I can actually read my emails and Kindle books on it!)Like the pen feature, although I often forget about it because I've never had one beforeCons:My iPhone had near perfect reception in my home state as well as when traveling.  The Note 3 can be static-y in the same areas.Lots of bloatware than drain your battery.  You have to stay on top of it and disable things on a regular basis.Not as intuitive as iPhone.  There is a learning curve, but if you are willing to learn, you can customize your phone.Also, I have mostly Apple products at home, including our Mac, which is our main computer.  Getting the Note 3 to &#34;talk&#34; to the Mac took some fiddling but now it's pretty good.If you are not willing to learn to use this phone to it's maximum potential, get an Apple product.  However, for the money, this phone is a way better device than the iPhone.  I wish Apple would catch up to Android, but until they do, I may not go back to an iPhone ever.

I just purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 from a local Verizon store. I am very disappointed with this phone. I paid full price to keep my unlimited data alive. I am finding that the RF reception is abysmal. In buildings where I used to get -89 dbm with my Motorola Droid Bionic, I get -118 dbm with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Even outdoors, with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3, I don't get that great of a 4G LTE signal. The phone will usually then switch to 1 to 2 bars of 3G and stay there until I am back in a really strong 4G area. I'm thinking either the antenna is of poor quality or the radio is not very sensitive - or both. I may have to return this phone and try the LG G2. This GN3 cannot even begin to compete with my old Motorola Droid Bionic when it comes to holding on to a less than perfect signal.  In strong signal areas there is no problem, but when the signal isn't the best, the GN3 does a poor job of holding the 4G LTE signal.  My Motorola Droid Bionic used to do an outstanding job in the same exact places this GN3 fails.  The screen is brilliant, and you couldn't ask for a more feature packed phone.  The sound quality is good and volume level is great, but above all the GN3 has to be able to connect to a signal to be a great phone.  In the near future, Verizon is going to Voice over LTE (VoLTE).  This means that our phone conversations will now be carried on the 4G LTE band.  That really scares me with my GN3, since it can't maintain a 4G LTE signal unless I'm really in a strong signal area.

It's going to be a while before I learn how to use everything this phone can do but it's still quite useable without any training at all.  It's just that it can do a whole lot more.I love the size of it.  Getting on the Internet isn't an exercise in frustration with this phone.  You can actually read your emails and browse the web without eye strain.This phone will definitely take me through at least the next 2 years of my contract.

This is an excellent phone/tablet for the discriminating buyer.  The picture is clear and vibrant and definitely large enough to see all tiny details, no matter which webpage you are on.  I went from an iPhone to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and I am very glad that I made the change.  Before the phone arrived, I feared that it may be a little too large for me but it definitely isn't.  I would recommend this phone if you are looking for a great 4G LTE device with a decent screen size for webpage browsing and a great, high quality camera.

All right here is an honest review about the note 3. It's something that I will approach from the perspective of someone in the Medical field, who needs to get things done quickly, and efficiently.First of all, I received my phone on October 10th, and I had pre-ordered it but DID NOT pay 299. Well initially I did, but there is a promo code of VERIZON30 that drops the note 3 down to 209.99. I bought the Note 3 for myself and the LG G2 for my wife. Needless to say, at the price of 139.99 for the G2 and 209.99 for the Note 3, we returned the G2 for the note 3 despite the G2's incredible low light camera performance. Here is why.Backstory: prior to buying the note 3 I have had the Droid Razr Maxx, which for its time was a great device. Now that apps are becoming more memory intensive, something needed to change. I needed a phone that wouldn't lag on me, and I really don't care about gimmicks such as scrolling while looking up or down, or pausing a video if I look away. Who really cares about that stuff? If I want to pause, I tap on the screen, which is less time consuming that looking away and ensuring my phone has paused playing a video. In addition, I really don't want that front facing camera on unless I am using it. Also, I was always reluctant to buy a Samsung phone because of the plastic build, but you know I always keep my phone in a safe case. I will talk about this a little later.Now, right before I let go of my razr maxx, I briefly upgraded to the note 2 for 2 days. I chose the note 2 because I was in best buy and was comparing the HTC ONE which best buy had on sale for $50 and all of a sudden I decided to listen to the note 2's speaker. I was blown away in comparison to the razr maxx, but blown away which how much more I got in comparison to the HTC one. We are all going to large screens now, and frankly who the heck wants to hold the phone closer to their face? I certainly don't so I upgraded to the note 2. I really did not fall in love with it until the day I was sitting in my senior human cadaver anatomy course, and realized I had forgotten my Anatomy atlas and my notebook. I frantically searched the note 2 and found an app called S Note. I opened S note and began using it. I was blow away, there are blood vessels that are large and really thing, and I used to be able to only differentiate that on paper. Not this time, with the note 2 I was able to use the thin and thick lines as differentiators thanks to the S-pen. I then made my decision that I would return the note 2 and wait for the note 3 because of the larger screen, and faster processor. In addition, I had a memory intensive Anatomy app running on the note 2 that smoothly ran it, when my HP touchpad running android decided to begin hiccupping.Now with all that said, this is why I feel the note 3 is the best choice on the market. First of all, if your going to purchase a phone that you are spending your hard earned money on it, it should be in the most secure and safest cases. It's an investment, that when 2 years later you sell back, you can almost pay for your new device. Second of all, we will ALL drop our phones at SOME POINT, and its important to protect them. I purchased the Spigen Bounce case despite it being slightly ugly; I got the gray one because Incipio NGP tpu cases are NOT yet available for this phone. That case kept my razr maxx in like new condition.Now, I really protect my phone because I have my entire life on it, my class schedule, my hospital schedule, my family schedule, my kids doctors appointments, my appointments, my tests etc. EVERYTHING. So I needed a phone that was behind me 100% and never let me down. It has been the case with the note 3. I have customized it and it still hasn't hiccupped yet.Now the actual review:Screen & Productivity: The large display is fantastic. It is large enough to hold a full month calendar on one home screen and 3 days on another. I absolutely love the vivid screen because my anatomy apps, as well as using it to take notes is an absolute breeze. My only recommendation is to add many pages before you begin in lecture or whatever you want to take notes in.There are many times where I find inspirational quotes on Facebook (FB) and wish I could save them and tag them to share not via FB but text messages etc. Scrap book has allowed me to do just that, I can share inspirational quotes and pictures with anyone and it's a breeze to look them up by placing my OWN PERSONAL tags for each photo. I hold the menu button, type inspiration and BAM; I have all my things that are tagged inspirational.Sometimes I also need a list of diagnostic medical conditions, and it's easy to quickly create a scrapbook memo or create a flow chart in S-note. Etc. In fact the other day, I was talking to Verizon and needed to write down the conformational code etc. for my second note 3, and you know what I did? I was on the dialer page, pulled out the S-pen and circled the page, then I notated it with all the information, it contains the date, the time, and all the information I need to have in case something went awry.I absolutely love this feature and it is very important.Another feature I love is that when I am on YouTube, I can load HD very quickly, the LG g2 did a good job in this too, but the razr maxx despite being an LTE phone did not handle this very well. Another thing I really love on this phone straight out of the gate is that it tells me how many text messages I have (like an unread count). Its something I like, it also has many accounts built right in, such as amazon, Facebook etc. I was able to disable most of the bloat ware by going to manage applications and clicking disable in some of the pre-loaded Verizon apps.The IR blaster is great, I've already started using it on all my TV's however, it wont turn the volume up on my LG TV but do every else. In addition, I am able to have in memory which room has which TV and so when I switch rooms, I also switch rooms on my phone, which allows me to use it as a remote. Great when you have to hide the remote from your little ones.Battery Life: Used it for an entire day hardcore, and its still at 31% at the end of the day after about 6 am to 1 am usage.UPDATE 10.23.13- see the attached screen shot of battery usage. I was pretty impressed. I do know for a fact though that S- health eats battery life like crazy.Also I LOVE the speaker placement on the bottom of the phone, because it's just smart. When I hold my phone, it cups around the speaker channeling the sound directly to me, and not the entire audience behind my phone. Smart.People have complained about the flip board app, but keep in mind, this is android and not IOS. We have choices here. Download an app called home 2 shortcut and it allowed me to configure double tapping the home button to start Google now rather than anything else. Its fantastic and a great use of android capabilities.(I will update more here)The S-pen I received was faulty with my phone, and so Verizon sent me a brand new one for free. Not taking off stars for that, during the pre-order stage stuff like that happens every once in a while. The Spen was completely usable I just had to add a little extra pressure. But no worries, it's taken care of and all is well.The power button has a slight lag when you just tap it to turn on the screen; if you give it a robust tap it comes on quicker. It is quickest to turn on the screen using the home button when it's sleeping. It kind of irritates me that it is that way.NOTE 10.23.13 It maybe quicker to use the HOME button to do the same thing.I wish Samsung allowed customization of the LED colors for the types of notifications.Note 10.23.13 Re: reception issues- I know people have complained about reception issues, but truly I haven't had many. Just a couple here and there. I think the reality is that the Note 3 is SLOW at switching networks etc. So rather than wait, I have just downloaded a refresh network app, which does what I need in less than 15 seconds and gives me a fresh connection. I don't see it as much of an inconvenience especially because the many positives of this device outweigh this one negative. I haven't had no reception anywhere.Tethering by the has been pretty amazingly fast with this phone, and it DOES NOT GET HOT!!!! I love that! My razr maxx used to be a meteorite when it was tethering.More to come.UPDATE 12.13.13I apologize it has been a while to update. I absolutely still love this phone, and I wouldnt change much about my review. I will say that I have experience reception issues but they are SOOO SELDOM, I believe ive refreshed the network about 4-5 times since I have wrote the initial review and now.Ive been informed that there IS an app that allows you to customize the colors of the LED to what you want. Excellent, so thats definitely a negative taken away.I had been using my phone with a Spigen screen protector and initially I liked it, but now with using the S-pen and it aging I really am beginning to dislike that screen protector. I have just ordered a tempered glass screen protector and will update later about that.ONE thing I have learned is to save EVERYTHING from action memo to Scrapbook or S-Note if you want to hold onto it in case your phone needs to be reset. I had to reset my phone once, but it was due to the FoxFi app and it causing certificate issues. Once I reset it it fixed it.Another note, the Spigen case protector I was talking about, it is great, however I have found that the squared edges make it uncomfortable for my hand to hold, when I remove the case I can handle the phone pretty easily with one hand (even though I have hands on the smaller side).  So I have ordered a case that has rounded edges rather than squared edges.Whatever you do, do NOT get a metal case for your phone because it will reduce your signal quality.Other than that the phone has been running great, and I will update it again soon!

Let's face it-your only concern with this phone is the size, right?  Well...it fits in any pocket.  The rest of it you already know.  Super fast, responsive device.  I won't be going back to a regular size phone!

I've had this phone for a week and I love it. It's not too big for me. It fits in all of my pockets and it has a case on it. Beautiful display and great functionality! I don't even know a fraction of what this phone can do.

my wife used this phone for about one year and she started having issues with charging correctly.  she first noticed that the phone did not charge overnight and later found out that the phone only charges when the charging cable is plugged in at a certain angle.  we first thought it was the phone terminal issue but when we got the replacement phone from Verizon, it had the same issue.  we called Verizon and they transferred me over to Samsung because they have known issue with the early versions of charging cable.Long story short, samsung is willing to repair the cable and i will be without the cable for at least a week.  they had no other options but to send in the cable and wait4-5 days!!  they are basically letting the loyal consumers suffer for their fault of manufacturing poor cables.  this is not what I expected from a well known brand of Samsung.  disappointed service.

Researched all of the newest flagship phones on the market and have found this is by far the most capable phone for my network. Its a CDMA phone and uses a sim card. The phone is not too big as some may think. Fits perfectly in any pocket and does not feel bulky. Still very lightweight and the S pen is very handy for snapchat and other drawing and note taking apps. Very responsivea and no lag with proccessor even with multiple apps running. Andriod 4.3 hopefully 4.4 coming soon way more versatile than iOS. Run emulators with great graphics and connects with my chromcast no problem. S Beam is super easy to use and I have connected my NX300 to this for storage and ViewFinder for the camara. Very Happy with purchase and is the best for CDMA networks at the moment.

I have owned Motorola phones for the past 10 years. I dont know why I didnt switch to Samsung earlier. This monster has great battery life and limitless capabilities. Love this phone!

This thing is awesome. Fast, screen resolution is crazy, light. Added uag case and complete package. Glad i chose it.

This phone is FANTASTIC.  I can now chuck my Palm TE-2 confident that this phone can perform the same funtionality.  This phone is big enough to act as a small tablet too!  Hence the term &#34;phablet&#34;.

As an android enthusiast first having a Droid X, then Galaxy Nexus, then that broke and went back to a Droid X2.  I also was an avid custom ROM user.  This phone is amazing, just perfect.Final Thoughts:  LOVE IT, best phone yet.See below for more detailed thoughts.Pros:Blazing fast. With the 3GB RAM and Quad core processor you will NEVER run out of resources.  LTE is blazing fast, seems to turn on faster thanHuge screen with gorilla glass 3 (you wouldn't believe the difference even from galaxy nexus with it's &#34;scratch resistant&#34; glass). 1080p resolution (enough said).Very long lasting battery.  With that 5.7inch screen you better believe it will suck down power.  The battery delivers.You can root it, it's a pain but it's doable.Camera is really nice.  Custom built in camera and gallery apps are not as good as stock but still pretty good.USB 3.0 - They barely brag about this!  The USB 3.0 chord and charger that comes with the phone is amazing.  The phone will charge from 0-100 in like 40 minutes with the USB 3 cable.  Transferring files is extremely fast with the USB 3 cable (must have a USB 3 port which most new laptops and motherboards have).  USB 2 cables and chargers still work with it, the charge is just a little slower.  Don't freak out when you see the new male portion of the USB cable, it's not proprietary, it's USB 3 and it is still backwards compatible (the right side of the USB 3 cable is the same as just USB 2).Cons:The bootloader is locked so I can't load custom ROMs.  The bloatware is annoying but it's to be expected.NFC doesn't work with Google Wallet even rooted- Annoying, but I think then are working on it.  From what I understand it's a hardware thing where the new NFC format isn't compatible.S Pen is useless for me.  Waste of space in the handset.  I'm sure it's useful for some.  It's good for defacing pictures of people that you take.Final Thoughts:  LOVE IT, best phone yet.  I'll be glad to answer any questions.

Apple has always trumped samsung in one thing, making beautiful sleek devices that look and feel like they warrant the price.  The galaxy note 3 is the first samsung device that looks like it can rival apple devices.  It is thin and sleek with a chrome border and straight form lines.  The single button is also bordered in chrome and rivals that on the new iPhone 5s.The rest of the features is where samsung really excels compared to apple.  The screen is huge but the phone fits in your pocket and hands nicely.  The charging is via the latest USB 3.0 which is nicely backwards compatible with your old android phone charger that used USB 2.0.  None of this new proprietary &#34;lightning connector&#34; business.  The speaker is loud for media and speakerphone on the highways.  The cameras are the latest technology with 4k video recording capabilities (which is the next generation of high definition TV).  The stylus is stored in the phone for increased capabilities.There is really nothing wrong and not even anything left to be desired from this phone.  It is hands down the most advanced and desirable phone on the market today.

Lazy review but I had to get my score in. I've been a Galaxy 1 anf Galaxy 3 owner for years. Loved them both but the Note 3 is pro league in comparison. Not as big as you think - within minutes you'll EXPECT its size and your old phone will look SO small. Think of your 55" plasma to your old 32" you used to love. Pen is for me too. Super fast. Screen is so good it looks like one of those ad stickers to me (if you get me). More later.

i went from a s4 to the note 3 and all i can say is WOW!!!! the difference is amazing i cant even use the s4 anymore cause the screen is so small!! this phone is nice its big, but im used to it by now.

This phone isn't necessarily the phone for everyone but if you go into it Looking for a phablet style phone then you will love it. Fast fast fast

Love, love, love this phone. What doesn't it do??? Seriously, buy it... quit trying to decide and just buy it!

The best phone I have ever owned. This phone will be at the top for a long time to come.

A nice phone. I like it. A different felling with iphone 5. I think that it is time the iphone should enlarge their screen size.

If you're looking for a new phone and size is not an issue (and you're not biased towards Apple products), don't think: This is the best phone out there to get.There's a reason why the current king of basketball, Lebron James, is endorsing this phone.It is simply the BEST phone..tablet... phablet... mini computer,  entertainment, gadget and reason why Samsung has taken over Apple.The only reason I can see people not wanting this is the size. (or prefer iOS over Android software) I used to be one of those people who thought it looked silly having a phone this size when the first Note came out; however, with tablets becoming more prevalent, and being extremely useful to have daily, having a screen size this big is fantastic. The size really doesn't make it an inconvenience at all as it is slim and easily fits in a pocket. I can wear skinny jeans and the phone can still comfortably fit. I use my phone a lot more now than my tablets. This phone is loaded with features, that even if size becomes a problem to you, there is a One Handed Operation setting where you can adjust the screen smaller! (See TIPS below) It's very useful!I tried out the Note 3 at an actual store and I was instantly envious and sold. I could not wait for my upgrade contract to come..----- Upgraded from HTC Rezound (my old phone) -----My old previous phone was an HTC Rezound. I could not stand that phone! It would get HOT just talking on the phone (It was so uncomfortable putting my ear next to the phone), the battery life was horrible (I bought like 4 spare batteries for it!), and it would lag so much trying to make one simple phone call, it gave me so much headache I had to upgrade right away.  I can't believe how sluggish my old phone really was, as the Note 3 runs smooth like butter. The screen is gorgeous. I can last an entire day with the battery and using it heavily.The Note 3 is a major breath of fresh air! The Note 3 really makes my old phone or any other phone look like a kid's toy phone.Despite the larger screen size, it is still much lighter and slimmer.The Galaxy Note 3 is a luxury first class experience. With the powerful processor and 3GB Ram, it is smooth!-----Pros:- Beautiful 5.7" Super AMOLED capacitive LARGE touchscreen. Great size and colors. (1920x1080)- Runs so smooth! Fast processor and plenty of memory - 3GB!- Dual Window screen (you can watch YouTube while browsing the web and whatnot; processor/memory is powerful enough to give you a nice experience) - it's like a mini computer!- Does NOT get hot at all while talking! (This device doesn't break a sweat!)- Slim and light- S-Pen is a great amazing feature exclusive to Samsung (You can draw notes and it can automatically convert it text); you can do so much with this pen.- Excellent battery life- Fast charging via USB 3.0 cable (you can still charge using a micro-USB cable, but it also takes commonly available USB 3.0 cables for much faster charging!)Cons:- When you double press the home screen, it pops up "My Magazine" app by default. They should allow the user the freedom to assign that to something they want.----- TIPS: ------- Best way to take screen shots is using the S-Pen; hold the side button on the S-Pen and then press down/hold on the screen - it will take a screen shot AND allow you to edit the screenshot on the fly (This is great for pointing out something on the screen or whatnot for sending quickly)- You can also take screenshots by putting your palm on the screen and swipe across like your hand is a scannerTo do this, you have to go  to Settings > Motions and gestures > Palm motion to ON- You can also hold on to the side button of the S-Pen and double tap the screen to open the ACTION MEMO right away.- To make the screen smaller, go to Settings > One-handed operation > Use for all screens to ON; when you swipe quickly from exactly at the side edge of the screen (so you would actually be feeling the silver sides) across and then back out to the edge of the screen, then it would shrink the screen (if that explanation is confusing, then just make a V-motion swipe on the edge)----- CONCLUSION: -----When it comes to screen size, battery life, features, there's just really no comparison to the Note 3. It is a league of its own. The Note 3 is future proof; although it came out in September of last year (2013), newer phones that have come out after is still no comparison to the "King" Note 3.The "smaller verison" Samsung S5 was released recently this year, but it has less memory (2GB) and smaller battery life.I also have a Nexus 7 and Nexus 10, but it is a pleasure using the Note 3 and I use it more than the tablets now.This phone is easily worth 5 stars and the price. The Galaxy Watch also seems like a nice accessory to get, especially if the price becomes more reasonable. I'm aware the Note 4 will eventually come out, but I'm extremely happy to have this phone in my hands now instead of waiting months and using my old sluggish phone. I'm certainly happy with the Note 3 and I'm sure I'll definitely have a great experience with it until a Note 5 comes out...Highly recommended powerful device in your hands, worthy of the praise it gets from hundreds of people. This phone will takeover your life and you would feel naked without it.

This is a Great phone.  I have owned the Note 2 from Sprint.  It was a good phone too, but Sprint service was terrible at home and work.  I upgraded to the Note 3 with Verizon and can not be happier.  Great phone from Samsung and Great service with Verizon.  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.  You can't go wrong with this phone.

There are so many features I love about this phone, I am not sure where to start.  For over a year I read reviews of other phones and held off buying because I felt all phones sacrifice in some areas including key things like camera, battery life, removable memory, processor speed, quality, etc.  When I saw the specs and read the many positive reviews I was glad to see this phone made no sacrifices; however, I wasn't sold until I handled it in a retail store and was amazed by the screen image quality, speed and more importantly the very thin and light feel of the phone not only for a screen this size, but for screen of any size.  Some reviews complain about quality; however, I have to disagree; I have been using this phone for 3 months without a case and it looks and feels great even after several drops.  I don't baby this phone and it is holding up great without a scratch.The camera takes amazing photos and videos indoors, many times without using flash.  I have received numerous complements from others, especially when I project onto my 64 inch plasma TV where most phone camera flaws are exposed.The video quality is so good, I find myself watching sports and movies on this phone and letting family have the 64 inch plasma, but I really don't feel like I'm making a sacrifice watching this beautiful screen in my hands vs the 64 inch Samsung plasma on my wall - its that good!!I am not a heavy stylus user; however, it comes in handy in areas I wouldn't have guessed.  I like using it to capture screen images and send to friends with hand scribed notes.  Also in those moments I find myself needing pen and paper to write quick notes, I prefer to use stylus over typing notes. S Educate is an amazing learning tool that has creative use of stylus for fun learning at all ages.The speed is also amazing!  I rarely see the waiting spinning symbol, all apps are there almost instantly.The battery life typically lasts two days with about 30-60 minutes of internet music a day along with 45 minutes of navigation, 30-60 minutes of videos and more each day.I have never been more enthused for a product and anxious to share my experience.  I know of 10-15 people that tried my phone and subsequently went out to buy one.A must buy, definitely recommend!!

Excellent phone, recommended. Long battery life, high performance. Memory seems to be plenty and the phone runs pretty smooth at all times. Recommended to restart the phone every so often for better performance. I got the smart cover case and works wonders. Would suggest this phone.

Overall it's a great phone but when I ordered it I was told that the phone is brand new I've been having charging issues shortly after I got it.the Power cord as well keeps saying use the charger that came with the phone I have been and still it's acting up went to Verizon got a new charger still receiving the same message and amazon wants me too pay 700 hundred for a new send my old one back then when it's received place my money back in my account or send it in and be without a phone for how ever many days. This sucks and bites

I really like this phone due to its screen size and fast processor.  But after using it for three weeks, I noticed three problems...1.  Camera shutter sound:  No way to turn the camera shutter sound off when snapping pics quietly, unless you turn off the volume of your phone.  If anyone has any info on how to do this without turning off the volume on the phone, I'm all ears.2.  Air swiping and hand gestures for this phone may be ahead of the pack with current smartphones on the market, but it's still buggy and unreliable.  By the time you swipe your hand across your phone three to four times for it to work, you could have pressed the home key to turn your phone on.  Sometimes it works, most of the time it takes a few tries.3.  &#34;S Voice&#34; really stinks.  Siri has it all over the galaxy on this one.  I asked &#34;Galaxy&#34; about bowling alleys in my area five times and got a few different answers.  Four answers unhelpful, while the fifth gave me a list of local bowling alleys in my area.  But more so, S Voice is buggy as well.  When it fails to give me an answer to my question, it offers to check the web for me... but it doesn't.  When I click on the link to check the web, the S Voice program closes out.Otherwise, this phone is truly top notch.

Overall this is a great phone. The resolution is second to none and the battery life is the best i've ever had on a smart phone. Additionally the touch interface is very responsive, more so than the previous Note 2. Moreover, it is also quicker than the Note 2 when bringing up apps and running apps. But, there are a few things that the Note 3 lacks in that the Note 2 had. One is that although the camera for the Note 3 is 13 megapixels and the Note 2, 8 mega pixels, the Note 2 seems to take better quality pictures. Further, the Note 2 had better low light visibility in the pictures as well. And, the camera view point seems to be more zoomed in at the furthest level from zoom on the Note 3 making me have to take a few steps extra backward to take a picture that I wouldn't have to do with the Note 2. Secondly, the video quality in low light lacks adjustment that the Note 2 had. In the Note 2, one could take a video without the flash and still decipher whats in the video pretty well. But, in the Note 3 even in a slightly dim room you cannot see what is going on in the video which makes talking videos from the phone quite frustrating. I don't know why Samsung took a step back on the camera on the Note 3 by taking away lowlight settings and replacing it with a auto adjust feature on the camera that is supposed to adjust to the different light conditions on its own. Which, it does not do very well might I add. But with that being said, the camera is not horrible, its rather on the better side of smart phone cameras. Another thing is the speaker phone isn't as loud as the Note 2's. That was something that I really enjoyed on the Note 2. Overall though, the phone is probably the best phone I've ever had and I've had the iPhone 4, 4s, and 5 along with the Note 2. The visual aspect of the display is awesome and the default storage is 32 gigs with additional 64 gigs addable storage potential. And, I appreciate the fact that one can take the back off and replace a battery or get extra batteries to charge on the side and replace when needed. In the end I'll rate the phone a 9/10 the only complaint being the camera functioning.

This is a Smart phone that is easy on the eyes. I haven't used all the features yet, but I am looking forward to learning all that it can do.

I thought the phone may be to large for me but is just about right. I had the Samsung galaxy s4 and I was able to work it with one hand easily but the Note 3 took a little more effort to get used to. It has an option to change the layout of things for one handed use and that's good. The display is awesome! The battery life is excellent.  It still fits it my pocket too. I like it and would recommend it.

Does so much more than my Galaxy 3, blazing fast with Verizon, even fast internet.  And fits in my front pocket just fine.

Its an amazing phone, does everything I need and want and more!  Very happy with this purchase!  Makes my work that much easier.

Love it even more than I thought I would!  I switched from Galaxy S3 (which I also loved) to get a bigger screen, longer battery life and more overall horsepower.  I've just been amazed and am continually stumbling on new capabilities that make this tremendously easy to use and a fantastic business and personal device.

This phone is great. The screen is large and crisp, making movies and photos look amazing. The processor is fast, making the 4G on Verizon load as quickly as my home wifi. For it to be so large, the phone is quite thin and light. So far, the phone has been able to handle anything I throw at it. I use it as my portable sketchbook.The only con I have is Samsung's My Magazine feature that keeps popping up when I accidentally hold the home screen too long or swipe from the bottom of the screen. It's very annoying as I do not use it.

I was worried about the size but it is the best phone I have ever owned. I have an Ipad and a kindle fire but to be honest, I don't need them anymore. I can not imagine a better phone than this: fast, amazing camera, big screen for reading E-books/surfing, replaceable battery, an extended memory option, huge application choices. The only thing I didn't like about this phone that my daughter wants to play games using it instead of her Ipad. Sorry Apple, you are a little bit behind.

I've had the note 3 and previously the 2 and with both I had bad signal and it would constantly overheat. Sometimes the phone would be idle and still overheat, I replaced it twice and same issue. This phone has a lot of bells and whistles but lacks reliability.

Love the big screen and the speed. It replaced both my old Nexus phone and my Nexus 7 tablet. The Note 3 does all I need when on the go.

I had an Iphone 5, and it&#8217;s my problem. The Iphone 5&#8217;s screen is small so I cannot type it right when I text to my friends. Because I have big hands and big fingers like all the boys are, so when I use Iphone  I always type wrong words and my friends could not read, and cannot understand what I&#8217;m talking about. Now got a Samsung Galaxy Note III, it&#8217;s a lot better than Iphone. It&#8217;s easy for me to type because it&#8217;s big screen. One more thing that when I using Iphone 5, if I want to change the theme and back ground, I have to go to apps store and buy it. But with Samsung Galaxy Note III, I can easy to download it and of course it&#8217;s free. Samsung Galaxy Note III is a good product with a lot of useful apps, and Samsung&#8217;s camera is better than Iphone 5. Because the quality of Samsung&#8217;s camera is higher than Iphone, you can even see small details in picture while Iphone 5 can&#8217;t.

This phone does everything I could ask of it. I'm a student and this thing is absolutely amazing for taking notes, editing documents, reading...etc. I also love to play games which it will handle everything out there. I would not say that this phone is for everybody because of its shear size and capabilities...my 60 year old father would not be able to figure this thing out because of all the customization it offers. Beware, this phone is extremely big...like comically big. Unless you have Andre The Giant hands, you probably wont be able to reach from one end of the screen to the other while one handed texting, with that being said, I am always worried that I will drop it; so i suggest always using both hands. I am a very heavy user so the battery usually lasts me about an entire day with about 15% left, but I like my brightness maxed out, wifi on, games, syncing, blah blah blah. My old Galaxy S3 would require a charge in the middle of the day just to make it to the end of the day with how much I use it.TL;DR I love this phone and would recommend it to anybody who needs to multitask and often burns through their battery during the day.

Probably the most powerful, capable phones of all on the market.  Especially good is that you can open more than one app at a time, and that it links to accessories like watches.  Battery life is long and the display large and bright.  I, and others I know, have replaced tablets with the Note 3.  It is a real workhorse.

I give this phone five stars because it has met every expectation I had for it. The note 3 is a great phone. It's fast and it's multi tasking capabilities are awesome. And to top it all off it has a stylus pen that is great for doodling taking notes an also very helpful when it comes to photo editing. The large screen is great for everything and the battery last me all day. I love this phone

I'm a long time smartphone owner. I've had the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 for only a few weeks but I'm so glad that I purchased it. It does as much to meet my needs as any TABLET & it is a PHONE also. I've heard some complaints about its size, but for me that is an asset that enables me ,with my senior citizen eyesight, to be able to address all of the features built into the unit as well as maximize all of the features offered in the installed software.

Hands down the best phone I have ever owned. This was shipped fast and was also the cheapest place to get it

Phone is incredible. Only issue is it will freeze up every once in a while and have to take the battery out and put it back on

Ive used three different computers, three different browsers (on recommendation from Amazon support) and can't get past the screen that checks your eligibility for upgrade to a new device. I have had my current contract with Verizon for two and a half years, I was eligible for upgrade in August. Sucks that I now have to pay $299.99 to Verizon for the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 which is offered here for a $179.99 upgrade. Major fail Amazon, and I was thinking about coming to work for you in Dupont. Fat chance with this debacle and your questionable corporate policies. Not liking the tease.

I upgraded from my GS2. The GS3 Note is absolutely wonderful! The big screen is a delight and it has so many functions it's unbelievable!Sound quality for playing back MP3 music downloaded from my computer (I use Amazon cloud player) is loud when I set it on high thru my ear plugs and sounds just like a clear stereo...not distorted whatsoever. I bought an armband and used it today to go running and listened to my favorite music from my GS4 note. Wonderful!I am still learning thru everything so if anything changes I'll add input, negative or positive. But as far as this seller I give 5 stars. And so far the phone has gone above and beyond my expectations.You won't be disappointed!

Like other good quality smart phones, this phone is well made and has great performance. There for, it is better to write about features this p hone has and others don't. The size of the screen and quality or clarity it has kept me away from my computer. I basically do almost everything with this phone.  What separates it from other phones is the ability to take notes using the included S Pen with ease. You can actually write down something on the notepad and let you link it to something else. For example, you can write down someone's phone and click on it to initiate the dial keypad.  Or write a website or physical address and click on that to bring up a browser or a Google map to navigate. Basically there is no other phone that competes with galaxy note 3 in this regard. With the auto correction feature when typing something, it is difficult to have typos in what you are writing. The thing that follows your eye when reading to help you scroll works but not sure how to make it do that on purpose. It just does it every now and then. When reading small prints, you can hover over the content with a finger and it magnifies the content. A lot of cool features I have yet to figure out.The battery life is great.  It has a good size battery that lasts more than a day with normal use. YouTube and use of Pandora may require you to charge or plug it for a few minutes.

Battery losing ability to charge. Want a new battery under warranty send yours in and wait 10 days for us to send you one. No way to swap. Samsung has terrible customer service. I have a large number of Samsung products but this is the last one. Any time there is an issue with any of their products it is essentially the customer's problem.

I'm on Verizon, came from old Galaxy Nexus.  This phone is top of the line, from the stylus to the speed and the screen, oh the screen.  No regrets!

I originally bought the device because the stylus was just so much fun to play with.  The accuracy is so much greater than any bulky stylus you might experience with a standard android or iOS device.  The phone is even capable of detecting an accurate hover and pressure sensitivity.  If you like to doodle or draw notes, this is a must.So that's all fun and good but the really impressive change from my usual experience with androids is the battery.  This phone just keeps kicking.  I am by no means a casual/light phone user; I surf the web with 10 tabs at a time, stream music, play games, watch movies, take pictures, text, and rely 100% on the built-in alarm to make it to work in the morning.  I often let it sit out overnight without charging and not once have I had the misfortune of a dead battery.

Nothing compares to this phone.  Everything else is inferior.  Everything else is too small, or too slow.  The Note 3 is the finest device ever made, period. I can't imagine texting or browsing or watching on something smaller than this now that I've had it for a while. The camera takes great pics & video, very fast.  I'm also quite happy with Verizon so far.  Fast data downloads and much better call clarity & service in my area than other carriers I've tried.

I love the galaxy note 3, I upgraded from a note 2 which is why I gave it only four stars.  Out of the box, the battery doesn't last as long and for some reason the speakers don't sound as good to me as the note 2.  It also has some software issues that mess with my wifi connection.  However, I made some modifications to fix this issues. it is a great phone and I am very happy with it.

This is a great phone.  I love the big screen.  The phone is fast, which is very important to me since my last phone had a very long and annoying lag time when I tried to make phone calls.  Apps run quickly.  The camera takes nice pictures.A couple of annoying things about it are:1) The audio volume rockers are directly opposite the screen on/off button, which results in many unintentional presses that change the volume when trying to turn off the screen or turning off the screen when trying to adjust the volume.2)  There is no way to turn the sound on and off from the lock screen.  Also, the rocker switch doesn't have any effect with the screen off or the lock screen on.  To silence or un-silence the phone, it's necessary to unlock the phone and then use the volume rockers.3) The video recording software freezes often.

I just upgraded to Note 3 before a couple of days and so far I love the phone.Having used Samsung Galaxynexus phone for the past 2 years, I was tired of the battery life, so one of the most important criteria for choosing this phone was the good reviews about battery life. The battery life is just amazing, I have about 75% of battery after 12+ hours of normal usage. The display on the phone is pretty good and crisp. The phone certainly feels big and operating in one hand seems a bit of challenge to me. I think I have to get used to the fact that I have to use both the hands.It is a little uncomfortable to hold the phone and talk for a long time due to its size. I ordered a bluetooth headset and hopefully that should make things easier.

I switched from iPhone to this Android phone and love the bigger screen, the HD video & display, the camera is decent though not as good as I expected (pixelation and spotty, but does excellent video even in dark locations such as a night club), the dual video capture is fun to play with (2 screens in one video showing the person in the scene being recorded for example), it comes loaded with general apps, no games. However I've had problems with it on many google services such as Hangouts and Youtube sharing, many games and apps aren't supported on Android, the battery is quickly used up and it takes a couple hours to charge from zero to 100%. I've hardly used the pen, but I love the design for holding the pen inside the phone body, it is secure and never loosens so far. I don't like the design of having the off button opposite the volume button as it took forever to learn how to push one without pushing them both. Holding the phone on the bottom is awkward because of the menu buttons so it took some time to find a way to hold it. All in all I'd recommend it even to 1st time users of smart phones, it's very easy to set up and use, and for experienced users, to customize.

DO NOT BUY,DO NOT BUY,DO NOT BUY if you live in a spotty service area. Absolutely the worst phone I ever had for making phone calls.  Verizon puts you through nothing but endless hours of wasted time switching out Sims cards blah, blah ,blah..  The phone has a crappy antenna and nothing will fix that except Samsung stepping up to the plate and replacing all these $600 bricks!! Very angry and disappointed with all parties involved.  I cannot stress enough - if you live in a rural area where signal strength is not good - DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!

Fastest mobile device I've ever used!Wish I had bought it sooner. A few tweaks of the default settings and its perfect. Can't put it down! Won't get into the tech specs, you should know if you are reading this review.

I bought the first couple of iPhones when they first came out and use my wife's every now and then and I've also owned 4 or 5 different android devices and the note series is by far my favorite. I purchased a Note 2 when it first came out and loved it so I decided to go with the note 3 and it is an even better version of an already great phone.I was debating between this, the S5, and the HTC One M8 but I went with the note and took the &#34;hit&#34; in processing power for and extra Gb of ram (which is amazing).I've already rooted and installed the hyper drive rom but even without the extras of a custom rom this phone has so many features that make it a fantastic productivity tool.The S Pen alone is something that I use literally every day at work to take meeting notes. I work with meeting software that allows you to share your screen so I can do that while also taking nones on my Note 3 without showing everyone what I'm writing down. Then I sync with evernote and have all of my notes in the cloud, it's perfect.Fantastic phone with a great price here on amazon, couldn't be happier.

Bought 2 of these, so I have written my full review under public name &#34;chuck&#34;. If you don't read it, just buy one and you won't be sorry.

I usually have a love/hate relationship with my phone.  After a period of 6 months, I am done with it and ready for a change. I have only had this one a few weeks but it really does tick all of the boxes.  It has great pic quality, amazing battery life, 32gb of storage, super fast data retrieval.  All you need.  I don't think that in 6 mo I will be looking for a new phone!

This phone changed the game. As soon as I activated it in an authorized store, it was so quick it caught the employees attention. "NO WAY IT ACTIVATED THAT QUICKLY!", "Are you sure you activated it? I've never ever seen it done that fast."Then there's when you deal with it and see for yourself how the battery is equipped to deal with heavy usage, the crisp vibrant and brilliant screen quality. 5.7 inches in diameter and 1080 The 3gb of RAM makes it pretty fast. The USB 3.0 is awesome and an unsung praise. About time this was implemented. Removable battery, expandable memory, and 32gb of onboard storage so plenty of space for apps. The camera is amazing and does surround shot (puts panorama to shame). The phone doubles as a remote for TVs and cable boxes too. What more could you want? A nuclear phone?People complain about touchwiz but Samsungs interface is fine to me. It doesn't have much bloatware. I'm coming from a Motorola Droid 3 and that is the camera that took the pictures in this review. Touchwiz is fine by me and the RAM pushes it fine. This phone is a BOSS

Great phone, does everything that I ask for my smartphones to do. Larger size takes a little getting used to but it makes browsing and email much easier to navigate.

Still learning about all of the features of this phone but I am very satisfied with this phablet. The size may not be for everyone, but you quickly adapt to that size and for me this was a feature on a smartphone that I was looking for. The battery life is very good. Thumbs up to Samsung.

This is by far the best phone on the planet. I replaced my Samsung Galaxy Nexus with this phone. The improvements are so vast it would take me all day to explain them. And since I don't get paid for my reviews, I'll just say this. If you want a really good smart phone, with a screen just slightly smaller than a tablet, that can do just about anything you can imagine, then this would be the phone for you.. But get it from Amazon.. You'll get a better deal....Verizon wanted the same money for only the 16 Gig version. .Also as a side note, Samsung makes a  Smart watch that goes with this bad boy. Totally incredible technology...

Best phone I've ever owned so far. I wish Verizon would allow bootloader unlock!

I have always been a Samsung person, but this is my first phone with them. My only concern before purchasing was will it fit in my pocket and the answer is yes.Pros:Speed - 3GB RAM and 4 cores makes this a computer in your pocket.WeightScreen!!!Mutliview window - People always says that's large phone, then i show them how I watch TV and read email at the same and they want one tooGoogle NowSD Card slotGreat CameraS Pen - Didnt think I would utilize the S Pen much, but after a couple weeks with the phone, i find myself constantly unsheathing it. I am able to swype better then ever and being able to copy a section of screen to send really impresses people.Cons:S finder instead of Google now as default that cant be changed.When you purchase this phone you know you are getting a phone that is rather large, so I wouldnt list that as a pro or con, its a given.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned.  It is replacing a galaxy SIII which is a dwarf in comparison.  Huge beautiful screen and an overall powerful device.

This phone is awesome. Has lived up to everything that I heard about it . The pictures are very clear

Phone is everything previous reviews have noted. More phone than 90% of folks would ever use. One thing that has been a bit of a disappointment has been reception. As some have noted this phone for whatever reason on Verizon , reception is average. I am 2000 ft from my cell tower and have yet to see more than 4 mb down on 4g. When I am closer to other towers I have seen 39mb down on 4G so I know the product is capable. Mind you it is possible that this tower is saturated as I never saw more than 13 mb down on myDroid Razr Maxx.Voice reception has dropped off as well and at times fades out but returns in the same location. Never had that issue with the Razr.Here is hoping that software updates resolve some of it.......Other than that...amazing device

Best phone/computer ever.

This is the best android phone I've ever had!  Love the large display, the pen feature is a real bonus!  No more typing with one finger! I can write it out and the phone types it for me!  A real time saver!

I couldn't have found a better price anywhere.  At first, I feared that I was going to get a refurbished phone or a phone that had been slightly used and returned. But I could tell, it was brand-spanking new. Everything worked beautifully, and I haven't had a single problem with it. It was shipped overnight free of charge, and it was packaged very nicely and safe. I get a signal where my friends and family members don't get one. They have asked to use my phone when we've been buried deep within buildings and/or basements.

This phone is amazing. I previously had Galaxy Nexus before I had it stolen and been using the old Galaxy 1 and I hated that phone because it had such a horrible battery life and weird features. Well this Note 3 is simply amazing. Over 10 hours on battery with playing movies clips for good 8 hours and it still has enough juice to last another half a day. Great accuracies with its stylus pen and has great features like taking notes on the captured current screen with a push of a button. Really its a life style changer. Comes equipped with so many useful apps like professional version of Sketchbook, workout mate that can track the numbers of steps you take and monitor your heart rate (although having your phone against your chest to have it measured doesn't seem like a too good of an idea), and so much more. It's versatility beats iPhones or ipads anyday. I own an Ipad but this phone feels 10 times more easy to use because they offer open source for app developers you're not limited to just certain apps. I'm really happy with this phone so I'd highly recommend.

Absolutely, positively the best phone on the market, period.  Look at any benchmark testing, look at the stats, look at the screen, the only downside is the plastic back, but it's 2014, who doesn't use a case or have a protection plan...

The phone is awesome, and I'm leaving a review to warn others of the only issue I've run into. It's not even with the phone-- it's with the Pen and screen protector. Just be really gentle when you use it, because depending on the screen protector you have, it'll leave pen marks that you can see when the screen is off and the sunlight is shining on it. Just a fair warning, the S pen is pretty sharp.

REALLY SAMSUNG? You integrate the most used key (center home button) on your phone and add &#34;My Magazine&#34; function to it. If you press the home key twice you are AUTOMATICALLY greeted to the &#34;My Magazine&#34;feature and then YOU MUST register and &#34;AGREE&#34; to the terms BEFORE you can &#34;disable it&#34;. I BOUGHT YOUR PHONE FOR THE EXCELLENT HARDWARE NOT YOUR HALF BAKED SOFTWARE. BY FORCING ME TO &#34;agree&#34; the terms in order to &#34;disable&#34; it, you've achieved the exactly opposite. This is EXTREMELY INFURIATING and OFF-PUTTING. VIRTUALLY 90% OF REVIEW SITES MOCK YOUR BLOATWARE AND YOU INSIST THAT THE CONSUMERS WILL LIKE IT. YOU'RE NOT GOOGLE AND NEVER WILL BE. STICK WITH THE HARDWARE - SOMETHING YOU'RE SUPERB AT IT AND LEAVE THE BLOATWARE FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES. THIS ONE IS GOING TO BE RETURNED IMMEDIATELY DUE TO YOUR INABILITY TOLEARN FROM YOUR MISTAKE. THOSE WHO FAILED TO LEARN FROM HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO FAIL SO THEY SAY. STOP FORCING PEOPLE USING YOUR CRAPWARE SERIOUSLY. I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO USING MY NOTE 3 BUT THISGARBAGE &#34;MY MAGAZINE&#34; SINGLEHANDEDLY TURNED ME OFF TO THE POINT OF SWITCHING TO ANOTHER DEVICE. GOOD JOB, SAMSUNG!

I would rate it above the iPhone for many reasonsthe larger HD screenThe much better android operating system and the start of the art CPU which has speed and precision.Great connectivity call quality super camera and great memoryWatching you tube and movies is funThe sound quality is superOverall I would say this is the best smartphone in the market.

My first one crashed on its automatic attempt to update the software. Amazon in their usual pleasant and expedited means, shipped a replacement and walked through some manual steps to ensure the new data contract matched he new phone.I LOVE the stylus and the apps, the size, the features. This is my 2nd favorite device next to the 12 inch Galaxy Note Tablet. When Apple quit updating my perfectly operable 1st gen iPad, I RAN into the arms of Android. In the time I left Android for favor of my iPad, they have come so far and surpass iOS. Sadly, I feel like iPad and iPhones are mere toys in comparison. They are great gadgets but the Galaxy Note line lets someone have fun AND get work done. I can multitask like a nut on this thing. It does all that I need a little device to do.

I was so excited about this awesome phone,..but as the weeks turned into months, the novelty has worn off and I am left with a phone full of crapware I don't want or use. Most annoying is this My Magazine thing that pops up at random times, even during emergencies, updating itself with even more useless junk and slowing my smartphone experience needlessly. There's a ton of Bloatware embedded deep within the phone, so don't think you can uninstall it. And, no, I don't want to root the phone and possibly void my warranty, and/or damage the operating system.I am sure many folks are rooting the phone to get rid of Samsung's bloatware,..that's probably a major reason Samsung will be foisting it's own operating system off on us in the near future, so their truckload of garbage will be customer proof. This is a devious business practice,..if they truly believed these crap-apps were for the customer's benefit, they would make them REMOVABLE.Another Annoying CON: The sound button is opposite the "screen Off" button, so get ready to turn the screen off accidentally a few thousand times when you adjust the sound.ALSO, this speedy phone has SLOWED appreciably over the weeks. Things like opening the camera, or especially changing from vertical to horizontal (and vice versa) with the screen have slowed as the creeping cancer of My Magazine tasks the CPU with update after curse-inducing update. I mean, you pull out the camera for a quick pick of your dog catching a frisbee and, oh snap!--it's My Magazine asking if you want an update, or it's My Magazine featuring Moochelle Antoinette's new $25,000 dress. Ugg, another missed snapshot.

I love my Note 3! It does everything well. I have a new Tab 3 and still prefer to use my phone for most tasks I could do on the tablet. Many people say its too big, but I disagree. I plan to upgrade to the next model when its available.

This is my first time buying a phone on amazon. I am in love with it and I got $80 off the price Verizon sold it for.They had to verify that I was indeed under contract with them and then I got my phone FOR THE DISCOUNTED RATE OF $219!The ONLY reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the charger! OMG it is faulty and will only charge in an upside down position..but if there is any movement it stops charging..it must be something within the charger itself like a loose wire..cause I use another charger and it charges fine. So other than that little snafu..I AM SUPER HAPPY WITH MY NOTE 3 :-)

I ADORE this phone. I've never actually loved a phone, but I do love this one. By FAR the most expensive phone I've ever owned. In fact the most expensive electronic aside from my work desktop computer and SLR camera. But price aside, this phone is awesome. I love the responsive, huge screen. The photo quality is spectacular, and I love the 2-app-at-once option which allows me to have two active apps open on the screen at the same time. Drag and drop URLs to emails anyone? This phone is practical, light weight, fast as can be, easy to use. The size may be a bit unnerving to begin with but I find it very comfortable it the hand. I picked this phone because I was initially leaning towards the Nokia Lumia 928 for photo quality. But being able to go with a big android with a stable system, easily comparable photo quality, the 2-app thing this was a no-brainer. The great battery life and the speed with data are added bonuses. I use my phone more as a tablet half the time than as a phone, and this one is really great for that. I also find that for whatever reason the screen is easier to see in daylight than my prior phone. I am sure there is a technical reason for this, but I dont really care so much about the why as to the fact that it's excellent. I am recommending this phone to all my friends, and thankful to the friend who insisted I give it a try.

My husband just purchased this as a replacement for his Galaxy Nexus.  He is thrilled with it.  He loves the multi-tasking abilities, the vibrant screen, and the extra-long battery life.  While at first it seems a lot larger than other phones, my husband has adapted to it and wouldn't want the screen to be any smaller.  The only time that the size is a nuisance, is when he tries to carry in his front pocket.  The phone is extremely fast and efficient.  He didn't think that he would use the S Pen but he loves it and uses it all the time.  This phone is like having your own personal computer with you at all times - there's really nothing that it can't do.  According to him, &#34;the i-Phone is Mickey Mouse play compared to the Note 3.&#34;

I loved all the specs on this phone when I was doing my research.  For the most part it seemed that the phone was pretty solid for performance based on everything I was reading.  My primary concern going in was the issue that I kept seeing appear regarding the call quality.  I finally pulled the trigger when I saw that there was a fix for that issue.I have had the phone for over a month now and I can report that I have had no issues with any aspect of the phone.  Call quality has been great.  I have had no problems with running any apps and even multiple apps at a time, it does not lag.  The battery life is the best of any phone I have ever owned.  Even better than the extended battery I had for my previous phone.  I can typically go at least 2 days on a charge.  I consider myself to be an average user of the phone.  On a typical day I will run several apps, send and receive multiple texts, do some surfing and make several phone calls.The size of the phone may be the sticking point for some people.  I was a little hesitant in this respect also at first, but I can say that I got used to the size in a very short time and now can't imagine myself with a smaller phone.  I love it.I think this phone was a great purchase and am not disappointed in it at all.

Big HD screen (5.7&#34;), great cameras (front and back), fast CPU, Pen thing (I use it quiet often)... a very solid device indeed.Recommend!

Quick reference review: (details below)Fantastic all around! beautifully crisp screen in full HD, very quick response time for all around performance from texts to apps to games. Battery life is astounding, average users will have no problem going throughout a day on one battery, or even two. Connection on Verizon is fast, for both Data and Calls. I haven't experience any call quality issues. Camera qualities are second to none. The S-pen is a nice feature to have. Phone layout/buttons is easy to get used too. I can use this phone easily with one hand, but I have big hands in general. If your only issue with this phone is its size, GET IT. You easily get used to the size and don't even notice it (however i wouldnt recommend to individuals with tiny hands).  Comment with any other questions ill try to get back as quick as I can.Bought this phone off amazon in january (2 months ago) due to its amazing deal and reduced price and I am not at all dissatisfied. Worth noting, I purchased this phone over the LG G2. I do have a single significant complaint on this phone regarding the charger, scroll to the bottom for that.Design:The layout and physical features of this phone are fantastic. While it may not be encased in a solid block of metal, you never feel like your holding a cheap phone. The materials are very sturdy and well made, especially when one utilizes a case. In my opinion, being able to access the battery, sim, microSD in the back of the phone is more useful than it being in a solid metal body.  The phone itself is incredibly thin. I purchased a Spigen slim hardcase for the phone because I wanted to keep the phone sleek and thin as designed. Button placement is very intuitive and easy to get used too.Hardware:This phone is fast. All the benchmark tests do not lie. This thing performs better than any phone i've had and is faster than my 1st gen Samsung Galaxy Tab. I like to get the most out of my phones, to the point of unlocking them, but even with all of the pre-loaded bloat-apps this thing still flys. Great on WiFi or LTE. Screen is amazingly clear, with great contrast and color. Buttons are firm and don't feel like they're going to break. The speakers are good, not great. They get the job done for most users watching youtube or listening to music occasionally. If you're a hardcore music lover and sound quality is a top priority, you may want to look elsewhere. Touch screen sensitivity is great out of the box. I've had no issues.UI and software:If you've ever used an andriod or samsung device before, you'll quickly find yourself comfortable with this phone. If you've never used it before, it is easy and very enjoyable. I always recommend it over iOS, But I don't have enough experience with Windows to sway you from it. But the User Interface is intuitive and for the most part can be understood by most. There are so many customization's. From different widgets, layouts, screens, you have so many options to satisfy the most eclectic or OCD personalities.Camera:So many phones have crazy camera features or settings, while the average user wont notice or use half of them. I will say, the picture quality and useful features on this phone can be handy. From action shots to selfies to posting your lunch to instragram  this phone with suffice for most! I always say if you want to really take meaningful pictures, buy a DSLR!Size:The size of this phone always seems to be the sticky issue with people. As I mentioned before, if size is the only issue holding you back from this phone, JUST GET IT. 99% of your wont be disappointed, and will quickly get used to the phone. Depending on your size, it will be easier than others. The average male wouldn't have a problem with it in his pocket. For reference I am about 6 foot and average build with larger hands. I'm always amazed how often I don't even feel it. However, for smaller individuals it may be an issue. My honest opinion is find one in person. I went to BestBuy and the Samsung rep allowed me to hold his work Note3.  I was able to get a real sense of size and feel of it in my pocket, and not just attached to a display table. I love having a larger screen, it just makes it that much easier to use and enjoy, and to me outweighs any size inconvenience.Battery Life:It's amazing. The big size means samsung is able to throw a big battery in it. So even though the larger screen uses more power, many average users wont have a problem going an entire day on one charge. on average i get about a day and a half. If i use heavy (constant screen on) for several hours straight, then i'll run the battery down in a day. But idle in your pocket with LTE on all day. You'll have no issues. The USB 3.0 charger/port is fantastic. This thing charges so fast. I can get a full charge in half the time as my old HTC Thunderbolt. People complain about the thickness of the cord, but its required for the phone to charge that fast, safely. Which brings me to my only issue i've had with this phone...My only complaint:I had a few issues charging my phone. At first I was extremely upset as I thought the port inside my phone was defective. Essentially, with the USB 3.0 cord and charger, you get 2 connections in one. The standard USB port, and an extra smaller port which is why your able to achieve such fast charging and data transfers. My issue was that one of the 2 connections on the USB3 wasn't getting a solid contact in my phone. This lead to longer charge times and my phone telling me &#34;Please use the original charger that came with your phone for faster charging&#34;. I simply bought a new cord on amazon and i haven't had any problems since. I recommend to anyone having charging issues to first try another cord, as my issue was that the connection to the phone on the cord, was slightly bent.On the other side, its worth noting you CAN indeed charge this phone with regular phone micro USB cords, however it will be slow.Overall, JUST GET THIS PHONE. I can't state it enough, it is really a fantastic phone. I fought back and forth whether to get this or the LG G2 for cheaper, but I decided I wanted the best phone I could buy (at ~$250 for the best phone on the market? that's fairly priced) and would last me a long time, and more importantly keep me preoccupied, and not wanting to buy a new phone before my upgrade.

Previously had the Galaxy Note & was considering on upgrading to Note 2, but after seeing the Note 3 knew it was the best choice. It is lightweight & very comfortable in my hand. The screen clarity, size & color is superb. I work in the medical field & use it constantly all day long, as well as tracking my Fitbit information. The pre-installed Samsung apps very useful. Syncs & updates easily. This smartphone is the absolute best phone I've ever owned...worth every penny I paid.

Could be a little more ergonomic with respect to the placement of the buttons, but otherwise an outstanding smartphone. It functions exactly as I hoped it would and I would recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing a quality large screen smartphone.

I purchased the Note 3 after a good deal of consideration and research.  First off I should relate that I'm into computers.  I took my first computer course in 1972 (Fortran) and have kept up  with developments ever sence.  I built my own gaming/general purpose rig and repair, modify and troubleshoot computers.  I enjoy it.  I have been watching the development of cellphones with the same interest.  My first cellphone was a Motorola bag phone (remember those?) and have upgraded only when I saw a definite improvement in functionallity but never did so as a matter of fashion.  Late last year I decided that it was time to replace my six year old LG &#34;dumb&#34; phone.  I also had become interested in buying a high end tablet after seeing some of my young in-laws using theirs during the Holidays.  I had the thought that it would be great if you could buy a nice tablet that also made phone calls!  Of course nothing like that exists.  I then began taking a harder look at the high end phones after seeing a HSN show on the iPhone and decided it was time to finally make the jump to a &#34;smart&#34; phone.  I concluded that the technology had matured to finally deliver the the functionallity that it promised and still be user friendly.After much research I settled on the Samsung.  I looked briefly at the S4 but felt it was to small to replicate the tablet experience that I wanted.  I'm a Verizon customer (no particular loyality, they just happen to have the best service for my area) so I went to the Verizon store to check out the phone with a salesperson and maybe get a deal.  Because they are so new there are no deals on the Note 3.  If you feel you can wait a year the phone will certainly be cheaper and in two years it will probably be free with a renewal/upgrade.  Verizon wanted $350 for the phone plus $30 to connect it.  They also charge a monthly fee for data use.  Not the plan use that you contract for but just a fee to use data.  SCAM! but what you gonna do?  I then went to my old faithful, AMAZON!  They listed the Verizon ready phone for $229 with no extra charges.  I went back to the Verizon store and told them that if they couldn't match the price there was no way I could ignore a $160 difference.  They couldn't so I went home and ordered the phone.  I'm an Amazon Prime member ( as an aside:  if you order more than three things a year from Amazon, seriously, join Prime.  I ordered a forty inch TV for a Christmas gift and it arrived in two days.  Free.  Wow) and I got a notice that because of high demand my delivery would take a few extra days.  I thought; no big deal.  I wasn't even really supprised when two days after my order the package showed up on my doorstep.  I opened the package and went through the basic setup.  I did have to call Verizon support but they were very gracious about connecting and initializing the phone.Now, about the phone.  This thing is amazing.  The closest approximation I can think of is a laptop the makes phone calls and takes (really good!) pictures.  I am new to the whole &#34;smart&#34; phone experience as I indicated and have been constantly amazed by the functionallity, capability, and potential of the device.  I mean; dual core processor, 3 gigs of RAM, 96 gigs of storage with the expansion slot.  By way of comparison my first store bought desktop computer had an industry leading 45 gigs!.  The Android OS is Linux based so it has some subtle differences but not to the point of being a problem for PC users.  There is definitely a steep learning curve if, like me, you are new to the whole tablet/smartphone experience.  It came with almost no user instruction other than initial setup.  I went online and found the Samsung users manual and downloaded it.  256 pages if you skip all the lawyer stuff in the front.  I also got a book on my Kindle account (free) that also helps but I am convinced that, like most electronic gizmos that are continuously developing, by the time I figure out how to really use it I'll be ready for the &#34;next&#34; thing.  YouTube is also a great resource for instruction on the phone and the various apps.  As to the apps;  if you order the phone from Amazon it comes pre-loaded with all the Amazon apps and they cannot be uninstalled but why would you want to?  And because Google owns the Android OS you are joined at the hip to Google and all its apps and anoying behavior and no, you cannot get rid of it.  I have used Google since it first came out in beta but I find them rather spooky.  I'm sure the same problem (or worse) exists with the iPhone.  One of the first things I noticed about the phone was the very poor battery life.  I was used to my old phone keeping a charge for days and I noticed I was only getting 5-6 hours of time on the Note.  I researched the situation and found that you should perform a certain ammount of cleanup on the new phone.  Built in utillities can accomplish this but the best solution is to download an app called All-In-One Toolbox.  Get it from the Amazon AppStore for free.  It is a highly regarded app and makes the list of top ten downloads consistently.  Using the app's function of disabiling background resource hogs you can up your battery life to maybe a day and a half.  Bottom line, the Note 3 is a battery hog so you can just count on keeping it on a charger when not using it.  The up side is that it charges fairly quickly.Physicaly, the phone is large.  Even for my 6'2&#34; oversized hands.  I find myself constantly fumbling around when using it, trying to find a comfortable position.  Another problem is when shifting the grip on the phone I inadvertently press one of the soft keys and thereby change the screen.  Annoying but something that I'm sure would be a problem with any phone and particularly with smaller phones, i.e. S4.I just looked up and realized its 3 A.M. I thought this review would be about two paragraphs.  I'll try to add more impressions later.Bottom line; this device is, in its small way, a life changer.  Like I stated earlier, a laptop that makes phone calls.  It's just a little too large and heavy, with a protective case (which I recommend), to fit in a shirt pocket but I have no trouble finding a way to carry it.  And all those times in the past when I was away from home and I wanted to do something that required a computer and internet access and was frustrated are now history.  I guess I'm now a connected dude!

Best phone ever. Size is awesome. Extremely easy to use. Can enlarge font to make easier to read. Well worth the cost!!!

Crazy phone huge screen fast and I haven't had a problem yet. The battery life is great and I'm also a huge fan of the speak texting it has I could never go back to iPhone. If your thinking about this phone then get it

Too big for me to cary on my pocket. I think it is perfect for ladies who would carry it in a purse.However reading email on a larger screen is so much better experience than it is on a smaller phone. I wish I had a suitable pocket to carry it on each of my shirts and pants.

I love this phone! It is big but you get used to it. I look at other phones now and think they're too small now. Battery life has been fine. It charges super fast! Amazon had a great price. There was a little issue with Verizon as buying from the site set off a fraud alert but it was cleared up quickly with a phone call.

I will never go back to the iphone.. love this phone!!! This phone will do anything!!!Best phone I've ever owned.

This phone is uncomplicated and user friendly.  It's fast, no waiting, and screen quality is excellent.  After reviewing many phone options, I chose the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and it has exceeded my expectations.

I have always thought the Note was an interesting concept since the first version.  I love my iPhone but with each release I became more and more disappointed that they never increase the screen size.  I was worried about moving from my Apple iPhones, but it was time I had to try.I have been absolutely amazed by this phone.  The size of the screen is terrific.  The first few days it felt huge and took some getting used to, but by day 3, it was normal and no big deal.  I look at my iPhone and think "Wow, I settled for that tiny screen?".  I figured with this big screen I would have to run from outlet to outlet with a charger, but it lasts all day where my iPhone couldn't.The speed, the image quality, and the functionality of this phone is just amazing.  The S-Pen features and Samsung's spin on the Android platform are perfect.  The S-Pen allows for such accuracy on the screen that you can do very detailed work on a relatively small screen.  It's integration with Evernote is great and the Sketchbook allows the average artist an excellent canvas in his or her pocket with Adobe illustrator like features.  The keyboard has a top row of numbers making input of passwords and data so much faster.  They not only improved the speed of a Smartphone, they improved the speed that a user and work with it, making my iPad and iPhone obsolete.I was able to transfer my music with little effort thanks to the Google Play music app including the things I purchased.  I used the Note app to sync notes on my Apple devices.  The integration between the Note 3 and Evernote offer a solution to this.The only negative I can say about the phone is S-Voice is no Siri.  I used the location based reminders on the iPhone often for things such as "Remind me when I get home to take out the trash".. I have yet to get S-Voice to do this, but I understand it's supposed to be able to.I'm almost speechless at how perfect this phone is.  If you are interested in a bigger screen are worried about leaving the iPhone, dont be.  Give this phone a few days to get used to and you wont look back..

At first I thought size would be to big, but it's perfect for me. I don't need my readers when using it .  It has so many features I have yet to but will get to.  Overall it's the best phone I have ever owned.

Great phone! It has not had a  single problem.  It's so quick and has such awesome features.  I even talked 4 of my family members into buying this phone and they love it as well.SO FLIPPIN' COOL

This is my 5th samsung phone and I love the new features. I haven't figured out all of them but the ones I have used are great!

This handset not only met my expectations but exceeded them. Samsung has really, really upped their game since last I expweienced their smartphones. I never likes the way they handled MMS especially. Now, this is as seemless as SMS, the group messaging has improved to the point of not nearly needing a separate app any longer and the multi-tasking features have thoroughly impressed me!

It's been almost a month with this phone, I like it I enjoy it more than I thought I would. I was formerly an iPhone 5 user, loved apple Eco system. Bah bah bah... First impression, wow it's big I wanted a big phone since I'm use to having small phone because of Apple. Maybe sometimes too big, sometimes I fell like its a perfect size. So first let's start with android, I had android phone in the past, I keep it for a week hate it promise myself to never buy another one.. It was different with this phone I got to say to running android 4.3 it was a different experience, android has changed a lot it's up to par with iOS, same issues same headaches. Like with any OS it has it kinks you just have to figure it out. Android is good now. There is a lot of apps out there that allows you to still share calendar with iOS and vice and versa. Love that. Hardware, specs are to blow you of water. I love the camera amazing photo quality very much what I was use to on iPhone 5. I love the display, it's just amazing. Bottoms too me a bit to get use to them, now I don't see anything wrong with them. Plastic is okay I wish that it was more durable I have a case since day one and I got a dent already. Battery, I can get a whole day without charging and heavy usage, two days if I use it modern and turn off all of the gps and sync. Battery is mainly use to power the beautiful display. Did I mention how beautiful it is. Samsung, not too happy I didn't buy this phone for brand I bought It for its size and specs. Samsung takes a lot from android, you can't use a headphones with remote without being a samsung compatible, you can have certain settings without downloading apps. It kinds blows. It's one of the reasons for my overall rating, I can't get too specific. Verizon, great... I have lots of unwanted apps to disable, junkware alert. No headphones included what a disappointment.  I can clearly say I enjoy this phone more than I though I would. I really thought that I would return it.. But wanted to try something different. I got that with this phone, will I ever switch probably. For now this phone is enjoyable, I would recommend it.

This phone is the best phone i have ever had, the amount of processing speed this thing has is incredible. Also the design is awesome it is slim and if you have big hands fits right in (small hands you will likely have to go two hand like i do). I also have a defender series otterbox on it and it still fits in my pocket. But beware when you get this phone your friend may say things like &#34;Nice TV you got there&#34; so as long as you have tough skin and good friends this is definatly the phone for you.

Love the phone. Not a big fan of 4.3. Very buggy. Excited for the update. No phone even comes close in terms of functionality.

The title is exactly how I feel. The Note 3 is an amazing phone/tablet (or &#34;phablet&#34;). I purchased it a couple of days ago to replace my Motorola Razr Maxx which I loved until it recently started to freeze and lag. I had been eying the Note 2 for some time and wanted to wait for the price to drop. I'm glad I did not rush to buy it, because now the Note 3 is out and I found it half price and brand new at BB. I have the original Galaxy Note 10.1, which I love and use consistently for work. Of course, I would love to upgrade to the 2014 edition, but first the phone, and then.... So far, I find the phone to be easy to use, blazingly fast, crystal clear display, and the S-Note app is wonderful, which tempts me to no end to lunge for the Galaxy Note 10.1 2014, lol. Upon purchase, I transferred the SD card from the Razr Maxx to the Note, which brought up all my saved pictures that I had downloaded, so no need to start over. I also immediately bought the Otter Box Defender to protect this phone, as it is a worthwhile investment. The phone is quite big, but this is what I like and my hands are large enough to hold the phone comfortably. Smaller hands may find it to be a problem. The phone sounds crystal clear, the audio (using headphones) is beautiful, and I will now begin to download some of my favorite apps to expand on the enjoyment of this phone. System updates were available immediately upon turning the phone on, and the updates downloaded with no problem at all. I find the plastic screen protector with Otter Box to be quite smooth, and does not interfere with the hand or S-Pen at all. And I feel good knowing the screen (and the whole phone) is well protected. I would advise a good strong case such as Otter Box, as this phone could easily slip out of your hands, mainly because of its size, but also because it is a bit slippery. Overall I have no complaints at all, but will update this review if anything else catches my attention. Should you decide to get this phone, you will not be disappointed. Enjoy!

I was hoping for so much more. I upgraded from the Galaxy Nexus to the Note 3 in hopes of having a more productive phone. The only reason to buy the Note 3 is the stylus and ability to write notes (otherwise it's no different than any phone except much bitter). While the device does a good job with transcribing my chicken scratch, I find it hard to write small enough to fit an email address or other notes.The biggest annoyance I have is that some of the features that made this phone device to desirable just aren't that good. Mainly the split screen apps. The system locks out most of the apps and only allows a small handful of apps to be use. You have no control over the apps. So if you want to watch Slingbox or HBO GO while texting or sending emails you cannot do it. Additionally, the buttons are a bit different than what I am use to. My favorite button was the window selector that allows you to switch apps. Doesn't exist on the Note 3. You have to hold the home button for a couple seconds. I find this very annoying.This device has a lot of promise but Samsung did a horrible job of allowing people to actually use the device. I wish I could have got the S4 or something else. I would have no problem trading away the &#34;bonus&#34; features of the Note 3.

This phone (phablet), in reality, should get a 5.  The screen is absolutely fantastic.  The device, though large, feels great in hand.  The stylus, with the quick actions that launch automatically and also when you push the button (and air gestures) works very well.  The phone's battery life is unreal.  I got easily 2 days worth fo use without charging, and a solid day of HEAVY usage.  And the SD Card slot is so underrated these days, as well as the removable battery.  The &#34;leather&#34; back didn't look or feel cheap to me.  And the phone turns a lot of heads, fid that's your thing.  It's definitely a step up from the Note 2.  Okay, so why didn't I give this phone a 5, or even a 4?According to the rating guideline, a 5 is &#34;I love it,&#34; a 4 is &#34;I like it.&#34;  Well I liked it at first, but never loved it.  But over the course of a week I ended up not really liking it.  I tried to give myself time to get used to the interface and it never happened.  I changed the launcher, tried to tweak the settings, even tried some themes.  Ultimately it came down to the user interface is just awful.  The colors are not consistent between the different apps and settings.  The Samsung touchwiz software and verizon stuff get in your way more than they help.  Coming from a Galaxy Nexus, the UI was just jarring to me.  I didn't care for the hard buttons either, although that's just a preference.  The way the Samsung framework is set up, there's no easy way to enable on screen keys either.  Overall I was just not happy with the UI and the UX.  Also, the screen ppi settings are wrong for a screen of this size.  everything is &#34;too big.&#34;  Samsung could have tweaked it down a bit to make use of the 1920x1080 screen.  As it is, you don;t really get any more usable room in apps than you would in a Galaxy Note 2.  The only places you'll really see the screen shine with pictures, games, web and video.  For me anyway, all other apps seemed to be overblown because the PPI settings are wrong.So I gave it a 3, because overall I think &#34;it's okay.&#34;  I ended up getting an LG G2.  I like that phone a lot better.  The LG user interface is more customizable and doesn't remind you of old Android, but more in line with the new Android 4.x user interface.  Plus, the G2 is capable of being flashed with Cyanogenmod, if that's your thing.  Unlike the Note 3, you don;t have to give up the stylus to do that.  Other features like air gestures, eye tracking etc are just gimmicks to me anyway.

This is the best phone I have ever owned... There is so much built into this device I cannot even begin to list them.

I finally had to break down and purchase a new phone to replace the flip I had been using for about 10 years.  I chose this because it was highly rated by all the reviews I read and I absolutely refused to be a moronic lemming and purchase an iPOS.  The price through Amazon was better than what I could do through Verizon and the setup was absolutely painless.  I am NOT too thrilled about the $50 increase in my monthly bill, but that's what you get for going from a no-frills flip phone to a &#34;phablet&#34;.

This phone is an amazing phone/tablet/toy/tool.  It performs very well at each purpose that I bought it for.  I have had it for about 3 months now and have never regretted it.  The large screen is very clear and very vivid.  Watching videos, editing photos and surfing the web are very easy with this screen.  They camera is the best I have used on a mobile device and is the envy of my iPhone loving wife.  The pictures are very clear and detailed.  And it is very easy to use.  I think it serves a very good purpose for replacing a tablet and smartphone with one device.  The quality is great.  If you are one of the Kool-Aid drinking Apple fans this can be the salvation to your addiction.  iPhones are puny junk when compared to this thing.  The removable storage is one of the many features that Apple refuses to allow in the iPhones and which I absolutely require in all of my devices.The only drawback is the lack of accessories.  This, in my opinion, is a compliment to the fact that it is a tool and not a gadget to be used by self-obsessed, do-nothing hipsters living off mommy's money.  It is a device for working, multitasking living people that want to enjoy their phone and not sit around waiting to waste their money on the next &#34;upgrade.&#34;

I had a Galaxy Note 2 and traded it for an HTC One, what a mistake! I just switched to the GN3, what a great device, my all time favorite phone. Also comes with Evernote 1 year subscription! Love Amazon Wireless store! Hate Massachusetts they charged tax on the full phone cost!

I don't use a cell phone a lot, but I love the functionality of this phone. It is more like a mini tablet. The pen that comes with it is very handy, and activates the phone when you pull it out. It is also great for more precise selections and for note taking. I am very happy with the  resolution of the screen and the response of both tough and pen. Buying the phone from Amazon and setting up a new Verizon account was painless. I easily got the account and on-line payment set up without a hitch. I also transferred my AT&T; phone number to the phone without any problems.I won't reiterate the tech specs of the phone as you can read all of that on the product page. I just want to let you know what I think of it as a user of the phone. At this point in time, I couldn't be happier with this phone or the Verizon service.

I have had this phone for about one month now (I got it directly from Verizon, not through Amazon), and I just love it.  It is my first Smartphone, and I will admit I was a little nervous going from a basic flip phone to ANY Smartphone, let alone one as large and robust as I heard this one was.  My main reasons for choosing this phone over others were:1.  I really wanted a tablet, but I wanted one that would fit in my purse; if it would work as a phone, too -- great!2.  I'd done a lot of research on styluses, and most of them seemed kind of large for any type of writing (they seem to be about the size of a pencil eraser, and while there are some small pencil erasers on certain mechanical pens, I was looking for a finer point), so the S-Pen really intrigued me.  I also liked the fact that it is stored inside the phone; when looking at others, I was worried I'd end up losing any stylus I bought that I couldn't attach to the phone in some way.I was absolutely right on both counts, ESPECIALLY the S-Pen.  I honestly cannot imagine a smartphone without something like this.  I use the S-Pen all the time.  It's like having a small notepad in my hand when I want to do any writing (text messages, note-taking, etc.).  I don't have to try to use my fingers on hovering keys:  I can write everything by hand.  Although occasionally, the phone doesn't get the word right, most of the time it does.  There was no extended handwriting-training like what I remember from trying out speech recognition software,  You can also get other languages activated for FREE.  I tried the Russian out, and it was just wonderful to see it turn my admittedly poor handwriting into recognizable words.Also, because the S-Pen has such a fine point, it has excellent precision for tapping on apps and checking checkboxes, anything you might want to do on the phone.  I often even use it to write out digits in my Tip Calculator app, rather than trying to use the number keypad that shows up on the screen.  And although this isn't mentioned anywhere, the S-Pen has a very nice feel to it, though I suppose people with big hands might find it to be too skinny.  I have tiny hands, and the phone as a whole is just perfect for me.  It probably helps that I look at it more as a tiny tablet that can make calls and less as a phone; not having had a smaller smartphone before probably helps, too, especially since I did occasionally use my parents' iPad.Now, I'll admit, I belong to the paper generation.  There are just some things I do better on paper than on a computer, and having the ability to write out my thoughts on the phone, rather than typing them, is wonderful for me, since it's a bridge between the two modes.There are a lot of other excellent things about this phone.  Although I charge it at night when I go to bed, I usually don't have to.  I only do it because I'm worried if I skip a night I'll just stop charging it altogether (the problem I've had with past phones:  they were either off or out of charge 90% of the time because I'd forget to turn them back on or I wouldn't notice that it was out of charge).  Usually I have at least 75% power left.  Granted, I'm not on my phone constantly doing things, but I'm still very impressed with the battery life.  I also find that taking pictures is very easy and for the most part, the pictures turn out well.  That said, since I've never had another smartphone before, I can't really compare it to other smartphone cameras, although my pictures tend to come out better than my mom's (iPhone 4S).The only issue I had was that I didn't know what the power button was.  Not having had a smartphone before and having parents who had an iPad, I thought the big button on the bottom on the phone (the one you can see in the picture) was the power button.  So one night when I HAD forgotten to charge my phone for several nights, it simply turned off, but I couldn't figure out how to turn it back on.  I had to watch a YouTube video to see that the power button is actually on the top side of the phone.  I was starting to worry that the phone had actually died and I'd have to get it repaired or get a replacement or something.  Thankfully, it was just user lack of knowledge!At the end of the day, though, it is the S-Pen that makes me love this phone as much as I do.  I just can't even imagine a phone without one.

What I have seen so far I love it!  Verizon's plans are kind of expensive though.Haven't figured out an easy way to carry it around.

I love this Samsung Galazy Note 3.  Some might find it being slightly larger than most note phones but I knew it was a bit larger & wanted something with a bit larger screen display.  I'm in my 50's & as you get older seeing small or fine print is important, so I bit larger screen is a huge plus & out weighs the need for a smaller pocket size phone.  Being a woman it really isn't cumbersome because it's easier to find in my purse than a smaller phone.  I simply love this phone!

I absolutely can't live without my Note 3 now.  I had a Note II for several months, and just had to have this one.  The advancements over the II are like comparing Regular Unleaded Fuel to Racing Fuel.  Yes both will get you where you want to go, but damn the trip is much more fun with racing fuel!

After 6 days, 37% battery remaining; that's pretty amazing! My last phone (Droid Bionic) lasted two days max.Alright, I'm not a really heavy user. I check email a couple of times a day. I make 6-10 phone calls a day. I do some web browsing when away from my desktop computer and run a few apps. OTOH, I'm often connected to wifi (at home or away). Bluetooth is off right now, so that probably saves some juice.What I miss from the Droid was the availability of dedicated docks for car and desk. But it would overheat in the windshield dock, which I'm hoping won't happen with the Note 3. One other negative I've noticed is the placement of the power button opposite the volume rockers. I have to be careful to only press the power switch.I'm a 6' tall guy and the size of this is not a problem. I chose it as a way to have a single device rather than carry a tablet in addition to my phone. Carrying it in a pocket of a travel vest is no problem. I think it would be too large to carry on a belt.The camera seems to perform like a phone camera: OK in good light only. At a dimly-lit party with flash on produced smeared images due to excess in-device noise reduction.Love the size for browsing my calendar and email. Web browsing is better than on a phone, but not really competition for a tablet.Just getting accustomed to the S Pen and find it better than a conventional stylus. Have barely scratched the surface of the extra functions.Speaking of just scratching the surface, I find that I'm going to have to set aside time to partake of some tutorials in order to really get the most out of the Note 3. My first smart phone was a Blackberry six years ago, then I graduated to the Droid Bionic. The power of this phone -- plus features of Android 4.3 -- encourage me to learn to live up to what it can do.Since this is my only portable device, I went for a SanDisk Extreme 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-I memory card, which brings my total available storage close to 100 GB ... might as well be equipped to take maximum advantage of this beast.

I love this phone, i exchanged my note 2 with note 3, shipping so fast, Ive using it for the past 3 days, im in love with this phone!!! super fast, beautiful screen, battery pretty good... one this is the magazine sometimes freezes the phone but you can disable it from the magazine settings. Love Amazon  Peace

I've been a fan of the bigger sized phones for some time and Samsung has been paving the way in terms of quality large phones. I remember when I had the 4.5in screened Samsung Infuse and it was considered large. I've had a Note and Note 2 and loved both. Note 3 continues the tradition of keeping everything that worked, improving where needed, and adding features I wouldn't have even thought to ask. So many of the little annoyances I had with my Note 2 have been addressed.  Its clear they put a lot of thought into finding out what people loved and wanted changed.When I first held the phone I fell in love. The form factor is just great and the screen is a noticeable jump up. That's saying something when the Note 2 already had a stellar screen resolution. I don't feel the need to have this one in a case. The slippery back of the Note 2 required a case as I dropped it a couple times when holding it bare.Rather than go on feature by feature I'll suffice to say everything feels like a great and noticeable improvement. S-pen, camera, battery life, screen, on and on its the phone I loved before but better in every way I could have asked for. I've tried dozens of smartphones over the past 5 years. The Note 2 was the first one I actually held onto for a year. I easily see myself holding onto the 3 that much or longer (depending on when they bring out a 4th ;) ).I highly recommend this phone.

I am so happy with this phone.  Upgraded from a RAZR for the larger screen. I have to say, I am impressed with Amazon - they sent a separate email with activation instructions / phone # which took maybe 2 minutes, immediate activation !  I am amazed with the capabilities of this phone - the clarity of the screen is fantastic.  I live in a rural area and the reception is the same as my old phone.  I inserted my previous SD card and I am able to access everything.  It shipped with the 4.3 Android OS.  Love it !  Thanks Amazon !

Best Phone ever, The Price Was Just Right. Would Recommend This Phone To Anyone Looking To Up Grade. Get It Now!

I didn't find the need to buy a smartphone until last December.  I eschewed them.  I had been using my dinosaur phone for the last three years.  It could take abuse like no other.  It might have required the battery pulled now and then to reset it, but it kept doing the job I hired it for, making calls.  I always had a cheap company smartphone or my wife nearby with hers, so I didn't get one until I got this one.  This phone is awesome.  It's huge screen is perfect for emails, surfing the web, whatever.  But that screen size comes with a price.  This phone is huge.  People will tease you about it.  You can always show then how good of pictures it takes and how fast the shutter speed is....  Or any of the plethora of other features you'll like if you get this phone.  Oh yeah, the battery lasts forever.

I keep learning new things about this phone each time I use it.  It has replaced all my TV remotes in my house.  I no longer use my ipad because this can do even more than the ipad can.  My wife has the iphone 5s and uses my phone every chance she gets.  The Note 3 is so light, even with its screen size, that it easily disappears in a pocket.  The only reason to buy the iphone 5s is because you have not tried a Note 3 yet.

I was really excited for this phone when it came out and wanted to switch from the iPhone 5. I was just kinda disappointed. It was a really nice phone but some the things made me mad one of which was the volume control in the music player and pandora! There's not way of turning it off and it made it impossible to play music in my car. I'm just really not a fan of the android system either. It's really buggy and just not secure. The nicest feature of the note 3 is the S pen. It is super easy to use and comes in handy. The note 3 also has great battery life too! I eventually just took it back and got the iPhone 5s. I haven't been disappointed one bit. I did a jailbreak and it's able to do anything the note 3 can do!!!!!

Perfect in every way. Could not imagine a better phone.Best phone on the planet to date. Pen is used often and very helpful especially for Web browsing....Buy it !

I'm so pleased I can't find any negatives. The battery seems to last forever. I get better reception and 4G than my old Galaxy Nexus which was pretty good. The thought and care Samsung put into the UI and compatibility with other systems is outstanding. I'm not sure how much of the UI change was Samsung or Android 4.3 vs 4.2 on my Nexus, but my Note 3 runs circles around the Nexus for usability. Integration with Microsoft Exchange, SkyDrive, and other Microsoft Apps like OneNote, Outlook, etc. is much better and really very good.

The Galaxy Note 3 is perfect for someone who wants a smartphone and a tablet, but doesn't want to splurge on both, let me start by saying the design of the Note 3 is highly improved over the Note 2, the screen is now .2 inches bigger and full 1080 p, also the display is much brighter, the new faux leather back is awesome, I see some reviews knocking it but I'm not sure why, it's gives it a grippy yet premium feel while still giving you access to the battery and sd card, while I love all aluminum smartphones, I don't like that you can't open them up to change out the battery, this phone is jam packed with many features, some of which don't work well and feel gimmicky such as smart stay, and smart scroll, it takes a while to go through the settings to configure it to your liking, this phone is certainly not for everyone, it's large size makes pocketability tough. The stylus feature is cool, for me it comes in handy when I'm out and about and suddenly need to jot something down. This phone is seriously fast for web browsing, and the multi window feature definitely comes in handy, for instance when comparing prices on products from different websites side by side.  The camera is just ok, with the right lighting pictures look great, I'm disappointed in the lack of optical image stabilization, overall there is no better phablet on the market.Pros-  1080p, stylus, great battery life, fast processor, screen size.Cons-  Camera needs some improving, size not for everyone.

Light, sleek, bright, quick.The call quality is good - Better than my old droid max.Antenna seems to be good.I've had this phone for a few weeks and I can't find anything wrong with it.It will run down the battery if you are streaming for hours and playing with it constantly like it did when i first got it.I charge it every night and use it for both work and personal use.

I left my 5s because I was sick of the exact same thing as every other iPhone. I hated the screen size on the iPhone so I decide to get myself this gem of a phone. Great call quality, beautiful display and Android OS. This phone simply smokes the iPhone. Now that I have gone Android I will NEVER go back to an iPhone. The phone does everything. Buy it you will not be sorry. I bought mine outright for 764 dollars and it was worth every penny!!

I made the move from an iPhone to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 about 4 months ago. Since then, it's brought me nothing but trouble. I have to restart the phone on a daily basis just to make calls, the phone constantly overheats, and doesn't hold a charge for longer than 6hrs on standby.  I've never downloaded games or any other questionable apps. The phone is just crap compared to the iPhone.

This phone is great! Just a matter of getting used to its capabilities, overall no comparison to other phones in the market, even the iphones. The best phone out there, period.

Still learning how to use it honestly. It is leaps and bounds above my old LG Revolution. Fast, powerful, handles everything you throw at it, but probably won't handle a lot of &#34;throwing&#34; like the old Revolution could. More delicate. No Gorilla Glass. Great camera for video and pics. Also, biggest issue is not being able to tether phone to computer via USB to work on files. With so much storage available (I have a 64GB card in addition to the 32GB on board) I feel like its a waste and have to use Google Drive now...which sucks data up very quickly. Overall the phone is what I expected, other than the latter issue and I look forward to learning more about it.

Very happy with the phone which can do it all. Impressed with the look and feel of the phone. The phone is very large, but my son has large hands so its a good fit. Battery life is impressive. All in all we are very happy with the purchase.

* Skip to bottom summary if you do not have time to read this*Let me start off by saying I am in love with this phone. I have owned it for 3 months now and can't seem to put it down. It is big enough where I do not have to squint to read emails such as on the iphone and small enough where I can text and type one-handed (I have bigger hands). The features that come packed with this phone are all very useful and great. There are honestly more features than anyone would need to use, but more is always better. It is very fast and doesn't seem to skip a beat with all my programs running in the background, as well as astounding battery life that lets me go without a charge for a minimum of 2 days. I have not had the mentioned reception issues so it may just be a bad batch of phones or the service in my area is very good.* Now, I bet you're wondering why I am only giving this product 2 stars when I have just talked so highly of this product. The poor rating is for amazon customer service and their bloatware. I had initially purchased the phone and chosen an address for it to be shipped to. An hour after purchasing I recognized a different address was designated for shipping. I contacted amazon an hour after the purchase (3 days before it shipped) and told them the correct address for shipping. I was told the problem was addressed but behold, my product was shipped to the other address and I did not receive my product in time or at the correct location, not to mention the product came a day late.* Once I received my phone I was willing to let the shipping mistake slide until I started looking through the programs and realized I could not delete any of the apps that amazon preloaded onto the device. Granted, they are not very high in memory usage but when I spend 200$ of my hard earned money on a good product I would like to have the option of choosing which apps I need and don't need. To put it in perspective it is like buying a car and not having the option of choosing which features you want and don't want. The only thing you can do is disable the apps so they dont run in the background, but they still take up memory that should be free. The phone does come with other preloaded apps (samsung & google) that cannot be removed but they are at least desirable and used every day. I actually considered returning this phone due to the unnecessary bloatware and inability of removal, but decided that the product is too good to let a couple apps ruin its integrity. A company should not jam their products down a customer's throat and expect positive feedback. Quite actually, it deters me from using your apps on any of my devices.SUMMARY:Phone is a great product, much better than the Iphone 4s I switched from. Amazon shipping disappointed me and sent phone to wrong address. Amazon pre-loads their permanent bloatware apps onto the phone (cannot be removed). My recommendation is to purchase this phone from your cellular carrier as it will come preloaded with less bloatware apps.

I love this phone. I've loved every Galaxy phone that I've owned.I've had it a couple months now, and I haven't noticed any lag.This phone might not be for you, if you have small-sized hands.Fits well in my front pocket.

I love the phone.  It has worked superbly for me.  I came from a much simpler phone, so getting used to all of the options was a bit challenging but very fun at the same time.  There are two things I'd like to talk about with this phone:  Size, and Samsung's Customer Service.Size:I can never go back to a smaller screen.  I really don't care that sometimes it is tough to reach some of the letters when texting or that I almost drop it sometimes when I don't have a good grip on it.  I love having so much screen real estate!  I love it and I will never go back.  In general though, I don't have much trouble texting on it or using it one handed even without enabling the special one handed use feature.  I'm 6'2&#34; so I'm somewhat taller than average, so it may be that I'm just large enough for the size to be a good fit.Samsung's Customer Service:Terrible.  I don't think they really get how it's supposed to be done.  I don't think they really understand how to please customers the right way.  That's probably why they have so many useless features all piled on the phone.  Get rid of some of them and make others just plain work better!  Anyway, it started with my phone arriving.  I opened the box and got right into everything, then noticed that there wasn't an included headset.  I just thought, &#34;Wow, are they really that cheap that they can't even include a headset(that probably costs them $1 to make) with their most expensive phone?&#34;  So I contacted customer service to see if there was any way I could get one.  I had sold my pair of Beats headphones since I don't listen to music as much anymore and had been thinking I'd use the stock headset that I thought would come with it.  I basically got a flat &#34;no.&#34;  My next aggravation came when I saw a news article that said &#34;Free $50 Google Play credit for Note 3 Customers.&#34;  I quickly made my way to the link provided, only to be met with a screen that said &#34;Due to the high demand, we have run out of our supply of credits.  Thank you for your interest!&#34;  The promotion was supposed to run for 2 months and instead lasted less than 2 weeks.  Really Samsung?  I contacted customer service again to see if there was any way a disgruntled customer could get in on those free credits.  Again, a flat &#34;no.&#34;  These are somewhat little things, but it's the little things that make good customer service, and I feel like Samsung fails miserably in that department.

This is my second Samsung phone (after galaxy nexus) and I can already say that I won't be moving away from Samsung phones in the near future. As an FYI - my smartphone usage history comprises of HTC Kaiser/AT&T; Tilt, Blackberry 8700, iPhone 3G, HTC EVO 4G, HTC EVO 3D, Samsung Galaxy Nexus, LG Optimus G and now this Samsung Galaxy Note 3. You can probably find more than one million reviews for this phone online. Hence I'll not include any of that readily-available info in this review. Following is my feedback of the black galaxy note 3 (Verizon version).- NOT CDMA: Before getting this phone, I was under the impression that ALL Verizon phones are sim-less (CDMA) but I was wrong. All Verizon feature phones are CDMA. All Verizon smart phones use a sim card. Also, if you buy this phone online, chances are that the sim card will already be installed inside this device. So do not spend too much time looking inside the box, vacuuming your living room, yelling at your spouse, and then searching the parking lot. Look inside the device first!- GOOGLE VOICE DOES NOT WORK: This is not related to this phone as much as to Verizon. Verizon does not allow Google Voice. And hence if you are a current Google Voice user (to make international calls), make other plans. You will not be able to continue using Google Voice to make international calls once you get this phone.- SCREEN RESISTS FINGERPRINTS: While I could not find anything online that mentions that the screen is oleophobic, I very much suspect so. This screen resists fingerprints to a large extent. May be it was a requirement for the s-pen (stylus). May be not. Either way, I'm not complaining.- CALL QUALITY ROCKS: Both local as well as international calls are crystal clear.- SCREEN AUTO BRIGHTNESS WORKS: I have used smartphones before which had their auto-brightness feature set to either too aggressive or not aggressive enough. This phone gets it just right. I never have to worry about not being able to read it in sunlight or get blinded by the screen at 3AM.- HOME BUTTON IS NOT CLICKY ENOUGH: I mean it works but does not feel as clicky as the iPhone- ONE HANDED MODE: Features like these differentiate this phone from other phablets. I'm surprised at how much I use the one handed mode while driving or hauling groceries or sex and stuff.- TOUCHWIZ: Everyone knows that touchwiz is not the prettiest UI layer on android, but it does add features that do not exist natively in android. Rather than providing 16 weather widgets and 24 clock widgets, Samsung has focused more on including features like raising your phone to your ear to answer a call, one touch status bar, swipe right to call, swipe left to text, incoming call notification window (when screen is on), smart stay, hand gestures and stuff.- MY MAGAZINE: This feature does offer the promise of a good native RSS reader but the lack of customization (in adding your own feeds) makes this less useful as of now. I hope they make it more customizable in future updates.- BATTERY LASTS MORE THAN ENOUGH: With moderate usage, I have not had to charge my phone before bedtime so far. In fact, the lowest I managed to drive down the battery was ~25% on a day that involved shooting videos using 4K, smooth motion, slow motions and stuff.- HANDWRITING RECOGNITION WORKS: Every time you have the s-pen out, you get the option of writing instead of typing the text in most text fields. I would say that this works about 90% of the time. And it even identifies cursive!- DISABLE APPS: If you do not like pre-installed apps (from Verizon or Samsung) that you can not uninstall, this phone offers you the next best thing. You can simply disable any app in the settings and then you don't have to worry about those disabled apps running in the background or using your location data and stuff.- GOOD BUILD QUALITY: As a side note, I'd also like to mention that my almost-2-year-old galaxy nexus is still rocking even after getting abused at the hands of my 3 year old multiple times while my less-than-one-year-old LG Optimus G did not survive. I'm confident that this phone will be equally strong and durable. Also, in spite of being such a large device, it is surprisingly easy to hold. While my LG Optimus G was very slippery, this is more grippy.- PHOTOS AUTO-MOVE TO SD CARD: If you insert a micro SD card, the phone starts saving all the photos/videos to it automatically (and you can change this in settings if you like). This is a convenient and well-thought feature.I'm loving mySamsung Galaxy Note 3, Black (Verizon Wireless), hope this helps.UPDATE NOV 6, 2013: Google voice started to work on this phone. Not sure what changed, may be google updated their app in some way but Yay... Another strike in the pros column.UPDATE JAN 2, 2014: So I have had some more time with this phone and I explored its built-in RF transmitter (remote functionality) and it works fine. I'm probably in the minority here when I say that all my TV, cable box and sound bar are manufactured by Samsung but my Note 3 has no trouble controlling any one of them. Plus the Samsung "WatchOn" app is cool for browsing whats on TV currently across various channels and if you like something, just tap the "Watch on TV" button and voila! Also - I'm able to control my Samsung TV and cable box thru my Sony tablet. So I would assume that this phone should not have much trouble controlling non-Samsung branded devices.

Yesterday I purchased the note 3 and galaxy gear. I'd really debated on the gear, but went with it, and overall I'm happy with both items.I bought the note 2 in December 2012, and it was an awesome phone. I'd spent about 10 years with BlackBerry, and then went with the Razr Maxx and its stupendous battery life. The note 2's battery life isn't even close to the droid. Other than that, I loved it, and really loved the S pen. I'm retired, so I used the pen for grocery lists, notes, quick phone #s and the like.But after an update a few months ago, my keyboard began to lag. Even Samsung didn't know what to do, and I was frustrated. When I heard about the 3 I began researching and reading reviews. Yesterday I went to verizon and traded up my note 2 to a 3. I set everything up last night and have explored some new features I didn't think I'd even use, but I saw I will love them. Magazine is one new feature. I've become a news junkie and this brings up some things I'd not find anywhere else. I am going to love the scrapbooking function - I can easily copy and save quotes, as I'm prone to do. The battery life seems very good. I took the phone of the charger about 9am. It's almost 6 and I still have 69% remaining. I've played some angry birds, and I've had the Bluetooth on all day (I'm not a person who uses Bluetooth much, but it's been on because of the galaxy gear, which at this time has 77% remaining). The note 2 would be well below 50% by this time - without the Bluetooth.The galaxy gear is simple to use. It's pretty intuitive. My only dissatisfaction is the sort distance between the note 3 and the gear needed to keep connected. I'd hoped to be able to go upstairs without my phone, but the Bluetooth disconnects. Same for a short trip to the kitchen. I keep the volume and notifications on vibrate. My wrist easily feels the vibration. Since I can't be far from the phone, I'd hear it ringing anyway!What I can't understand is the carriers not having cases for the phone. I've ordered a case from Amazon until otterboxes are in.Finally, I know some people don't like "phablets". I do more texting than phone. The phablet is convenient. I do a lot of Facebook from it and other web browsing. I do all of my gaming from it. I use it to read ebooks in bed. If I had to give up all of my devices but one, the one to keep would be the note. I have had virtually every tablet as well as most of the Nook and kindle ereaders, so this is saying something.Well done, Samsung!

Having the best phone (as of the date of this review) on the best network (love or hate Verizon, no one can deny that the coverage is just there when and where you need it) with an unlimited data plan means that productivity will always be had with this device. Coming from the Note 2 (which I had for a couple of months before I sold it to someone coming from a HTC Thunderbolt...suffice it to say he loves life too), the FULL HD (1920x1080--1080p on this device!!), improved S-Pen, improved S-Voice (it's cute, but I would rather use Google Voice Search), what isn't there to love about this phone.Yes, there are people who will cry about the size. To those I say, the market is dictating that cell phone makers go big, or go home. I have big hands, and I can tell you that it feels good to have something in my hand(s) that won't feel like it'll break. Cell phone quality is excellent, the build is more sturdier than the Note 2 (there were people crying about a loose home button, but that wasn't in mine. I buy that defects could happen, but those are exceptions, not rules in regard to the Note 3.) My phone is currently awaiting a wallet case that experienced problems, but right now is housed in a Ventev case (which I reviewed) and a Spigen Ultra Crystal screen protector (full screen and I'll review that too, but BUY IT!! Really protects the phone!!!) Surfing the web, reading e-mail, streaming music from Google Play on High and no cache (because I got unlimited data... :D), the phone does it all with such speed.But the best part I love that beats the Note 2 hands down?! Battery Life!!! I have had this thing for a week and so far, the battery last a good day and half to 2 days before I even see a low percent. I have not used the MicroUSB 3.0 cable that came with the Note 3, because honestly, the million and one USB chargers with 2.0 cable do a great job charging my phone. All I would have done was open up yet one more USB cable, so I have left that in the box.Bottom line, buy this phone!! It is the best phone on the market AND it will be well over a year before this phone becomes &#34;old&#34; Full HD, MicroUSB 3.0, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB internal space (coupled with the 32GB I stuck in there from my Droid Charge...) and much, much more. I could have written a more technical review, but you want to know how my experience is overall, and I'm telling you...I have never been so happy to early adopt a device. I hardly EVER do it, but I am glad I did. You will too!!

I upgraded from an HTC Thunderbolt - which I thought was a great phone until I upgraded to the Note 3.  The size is a bit of an issue.  I like the large screen but I don't like the large size of the phone.  Obviously you can't have one without the other so I'm adjusting.  The large format makes reading on the phone much, much easier.  In fact, I find myself using it more and more in place of my tablet! Oh and 1 more "note", the battery seems to last forever!

I have the original unlocked international version of the Galaxy Note N7000 and I absolutely love it and I was about to purchase a Note 3 until I read the reviews.When I pay 500-800 dollars for an unlocked phone, I should be able to add or remove apps and activate it anywhere.  Even my current phone has apps that I can't remove unless I root the phone.I'm certain that the Galaxy Note 3 is a phenomenal phone, it's Samsung's policy, akin to retaining partial ownership, that I find offensive. Until that changes I won't buy a Samsung product. Samsung's motive is erecting an obstacle to the gray market. As far as I'm concerned the gray market is also the free-market. Governments and companies love to tout the free market but won't hesitate to manipulate/interfere with it. Don't expect me to be complicit.I'm not sure what the gray market direction is but if it's from the US to other countries I suggest sellers look into purchasing cheap sim cards from straight talk for the initial activation.  I'm not sure if it will work but anything to contribute to the failure of Samsung's idiotic business decision.

This phone is the BEST!!  It was so easy to set up. Easy to use, long battery life time, has so many awesome features.

I don't understated why on the main search page, it says item is $199.99, but when you click in the item, there are no options for that price. It's $709. Hmm....

I have had this phone for a little over a month now and am extremely happy with it. I love everything about it EXCEPT the Visual Voicemail Update that WONT GO AWAY. I DO NOT want Visual Voicemail and besides that, Verizon wants to charge 2.99 a month for it!! I won't go into this any further as it will just spark more rants about unwanted software/bloat ware. The problem with this particular piece of crapware is that notifications CONTINUALLY pop up and sit in the notifications bar at the top of the phone. If you clear it, it comes back, and there is no way to turn it off either! This is the reason for taking off 1 star off the phone&iexcl;s rating. Other than that, the phone is a real performer, takes wonderful pictures and video and is still slim enough to fit nicely in my back pocket. The phone is big, but so are my hands and it could not fit them better. This is truly a &iexcl;where have you been all my life&iexcl; moment having this phone. The larger display is just awesome and the pen works great too. This phone would be a perfect 10+ without the software/bloat ware thing. But hey, where would the world be without annoying salespeople trying to sell you what you don&iexcl;t want or need? Anyway, the battery life has been great for me. Most times I can go 2 days without a charge. I do turn my phone off at night though and I don&iexcl;t play games on it with the exception of Bubble Shoot. I went from the Droid Razr Maxx to this phone and I loved that phone, well I thought I did until I got this phone. I was hesitant going away from Motorola equipment, as I have always had some sort of Motorola device because they are made so well. REALLY glad I made this switch!!

Nothing more to say about this phone but "Love it". Most expensive and valuable phone since I ever had the phones!Hope Samsung add some more s-view functions.

I've had the Note 3 for almost a year now and It was a good phone. I choose this phone because I liked the large screen that allowed me to search the web and read my emails easily which worked out great for me. However, ever since the Kit Kat update I basically have a paper weight now. Before the update the poor call quality was tolerable for the amount of calls I make and receive but now its just useless. Calls aren't coming in, I'm dropping calls, texts are delayed or not received and basically any time i'm inside I don't even have enough signal strength to make a call. Now I'll have 90% of the time one signal bar and the guy next to me with an IPhone will have full strength. Extremely frustrating! I'm basically walking around with an IPod touch now. This is not just me. There are many threads on the net with many people having the same probably across every carrier. If you are going to be on wifi majority of the time and rarely make or get calls then this a good phone but if not then STAY AWAY! I hope Apple comes out with a larger phone because i'm switching as soon as it comes out.

A great phone with tons of functions. I've owned Apple and HTC products, and the Note 3 blows them all away.

This is an amazing phone/phablet!  It has a super-HD screen and also comes with a stylus inside a slot on the phone itself.  The screen area is very large and the speakers are adequate but headphones are suggested if watching video.  It has multi-screen so that users can have two of certain applications open at the same time and in split screen, such as Gallery and Chrome or Maps and Gmail.  It has 3 GBs of RAM and is FAST!  A CASE is needed but not a screen protector as the screen is Corning Gorilla Glass 3 and scratch-resistant but not scratch-proof.  If one does not put his or her vehicle keys in the same pocket as the device, the screen shouldn't get any scratches.  I bought a screen protector the same day as when I purchased the phone but have now gone two weeks (out of three months' ownership) without a single scratch.  I do highly recommend downloading a home screen launcher, such as the one I use called Buzz Launcher, because the programmed home screen is just ugly and cluttered.  After some experimenting, one will discover which applications you can (and should) turn off to free up RAM.  Overall, this is a highly rated phone by professional websites and, if not mistaken, the best-selling phone in the world right now for a reason.  This phone is much better than the Galaxy S5 and Google Nexus 5.  Another reason I bought this "phablet" is so I wouldn't also have to spend money on a separate tablet such as the Google Nexus 7 since this is only 1.3 inches smaller and also has a much better as well as HD screen. This is an excellent choice for anyone purchasing a new phone and I highly recommend it and would purchase again.
