
My best purchase this year.If you want a 5'' screen, android 4.2 and a decent processor but don't want to lay down a couple hundred bucks, this phone is for you.  I'm utilizing the dual sim slots with two different pay as you go carriers so I get a variety of network coverage.  The two downsides I noticed are 1) only 1.27GB internal storage out of the box and 2) the recovery software is in Chinese.

I have big fingers so using a cell is a little hard for me . This one is large and easy to use. It has a decent camera . I still have yet to figure out all the options but it seems fairly easy to work.Range and reception is great.

I ordered this phone and received very quickly... great phone very easy to set up. has all the great apps on it already and very easily and quickly downloaded the extra apps ii wanted. highly recommend this phone!!!! great customer servie

I don't think very many companies can beat the price of this phone considering the build quality. It does not feel cheap at all. The dual sim card capability comes in very handy for those who have more than one GSM phone line. The display is alright (not the best that I have seen). This might not be for you, if you download and play a lot of games. I think the average &#34;non-geek&#34; will appreciate this phone.

I was not happy amazon's tracking said the phone was across the country, then it got delivered hours later and a day early  after I drove out of state.  But luckily it was safe the next day when I got home.The phone its self works well.  Make sure you save old phone info to the sims card and all your contacts show up in this phone.. The keyboard is a nice size  Note this phone is larger than most so it will not fit in those nifty waterproof and tough cases other phones (including the blu 4) fit into.  The android operating system is klunky regardless what phone you have, if this is your first android phone brace yourself for confusion. However any neighborhood phone geek kid can show you the tricks to making one work for &#34;you&#34;. I like basic phone operation without the tricks these things do. and this phone can be a just a phone if you don't want facebook like toys blinking and clicking at you.  If you want them, have fun, this phone can do most everything phones way more expensive do.Overall a good value and good phone. I like its unlocked and ready for any two sims card.  Most I-Phones have a built in sims card so forget that but other phones om the same providers still use sims cards. The two services I tried (T-mobile and verizon) worked as if the phone was made for them.  Blu support is pretty crappy, not even a web site with the instruction book, but once you get it going its basic android operation...

It works perfectly fine, not give it 5 stars, by the camera, BLU should improve this point, if you recommend

I read all of the reviews that I could find and felt very confident about making this purchase. I received it very quickly and feel in love. The only problem that I experienced is that I don't think the glass for the screen is a strong as other products. That or the fact that the screen is so large, the glass is unable to be as strong. Not sure exactly. I contacted Blu Products about it and they offered to do the repairs to my broken screen for only $34.00 (it cracked and lost functionality everywhere below the crack). I have not received it back from them but their customer service seems great.LOVE the phone, I just wish it has a more durable screen. I would also mention, I had the case that was provided on it the whole time. It's hard to find a sturdy case for this phone, but I strongly suggest it.

i like the  blu dash 5.0  very much the, only downside  for me is that its very heavy, volume quality could have been better i think the  dash 4.5 volume quality is better and the camera should have been upgraded, but overall i would and will buy it again

This is a great mid-level Android phone.  5 stars are for what the product is, not for a super-phone.  My other phone is a Galaxy Note 2 (Verizon), so my expectations are high.Good:-The build quality is excellent - easily on par with the Note 2-Bright screen with responsive touch-Excellent battery life: The battery came fully charged and after a couple hours of use at night, then 4-5 hours of use the next day, battery was about 50% the next evening.  This is using no 3G data, just phone standby and WiFi data, screen on 'auto' brightness.-It's very easy to root this phone using the 'Framaroot' app-Call quality & volume is decent but not spectacular-2 SIM cards work great: when you add a SIM card, upon booting up, the phone asks you what to call it. Then when a call comes in, there is a little banner that tells you which SIM the call is coming in on, with the label and different color for each SIMBad:-The LED for the rear camera is very wimpy: don't expect to take any photos in the dark-The screen's vertical viewing angle is from about straight on to about 45deg down.  If you are holding the phone sideways to play a game (like Angry Birds), you need to tilt it a little ways to one side to get the best image.-MicroSD card is not hot-swap: you must remove the battery to remove the cardMisc:-The micro USB charging port is at the top of the phone which is a little odd-The illumination for soft keys at the bottom times out very quickly-My phone came with a wall block, usb charging/data cable, headphones, slim TPU case, and screen protector-You can tell this phone doesn't have a lot of RAM because it occasionally bogs down in Chrome with several tabs open:  this isn't a negative because it's clearly stated.  While my Note 2 will easily handle 30 open tabs, this one will do &#60;10 with no problem, except for more complicated pages.-Only one SIM slot can do WCDMA - I haven't tested this, but SIM1 is labelled &#34;WCDMA&#34; and SIM2 is labelled &#34;GSM&#34;

I received my Blu Dash 5.0 sooner than expected. Straight out of the box the phone looks amazing, I previously had a galaxy s3 so I am used to the bright colors and strong front and back cameras. The Blu needs improvement in both areas would rate better if cameras and colors were better.

Excellent phone! Definitely worth the price :) camera flash could be better but other than that no complaints! Well worth it

I'm loving this phone. It is better than I expected for the price, I also purchased one in white for my daughter.

This phone gets a better signal in our home location than our others have received.  Some of the features regarding ring tones and photos for individual callers are not like the pricier Samsung that family members have.  I am satisfied with this phone.

The phone is good. No prob with useasge of apps but my only disappointment is the camera sucks. Doesn't take good pictures at all.

Hello just got my blue dash 5.0 everything works except when I plug in my headphones the music the music sounds blurred and can hear nothing someone please help!!!

This phone is a great smartphone. It can do almost anything the iPhone or Galaxies can do. I was larger than expexted but that's no problem. Battery life is excellent and can charge 100% in about 2 and a half hours. The display is pretty sharp and very large. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking to buy a smartphone or upgrading.

Bad very  bad. Do not read metro pcs sim car...this phone is not umlocked..  is too slow ..bad purched..do not good..

It has so far been an excellent phone. It took a little less than a week to arrive, came in perfect condition with headphones, charging chord and wall usb adapter, a soft case, and a screen protector. It was a bit confusing to get all of it set up to work on my straight talk service with the AT&T compatible SIM card, but after a few hours it all came together and all worked. It doesn't come with 4 gigs of internal memory, but I already had a good sized SD card so I don't care. All features work excellent on it. Data is quick (depending on my signal strength), and mms and sms messages all send with ease. I haven't used both SIM slots yet, seeing how I only use one, so I don't know how well it would work with two inserted. The camera isn't quite up to par. It does terrible in low lighting. I've had several higher end smartphones, such as the Samsung Galaxy S3 and iPhone, and the S3 has been my favorite, but for the price difference the Blu Dash 5.0 has been a great tradeoff. It came stock with Android 4.2, and there hasn't been an update to 4.3 yet, and I seriously doubt that I'm going to get to update to Android 4.4 KitKat any time soon with this phone (at least without rooting and applying a custom rom manually). I have no huge complaints about the phone, I love the big screen, it seems to work effortlessly without lag even though it only has 512 mb ram, the battery life is amazing (I've used it casually all day and it still has 70% battery left), the display is very bright and is quick and not too sensitive. Its been a very good investment, especially since it was under $150. I will buy from them again.

Reliable, stable, great look, fast response and very good relation quality-price.Both cameras (front and back) are far in quality pictures from other comparable phones like Samsun Galaxy

Very happy with my phone big screen I can't ask for more for this price. Will buy another highly recommend it

One of those purchases that I feel being happy. All except camera is good. Front camera is especially terrible. But hey, screen size is big and crisp. Volume is good. I can transfer some stuff in SD card given right apps.I'm into 1 month usage and it performs flawless. Would buy another one in a heartbeat. Perhaps as a gift or back-up mobile.

In only a few weeks of using it the phone began to show signs of use, the texture on the back began to peel away and the screen bleached through in spots.....the cameras are not that good. Other than that and low storage it's fine

I bought this phone for my husband  a months ago, the price to buy the phone functions all have, that it is very good, not found  any problems until now, he very like it,Just feeling a little thick.

phone does not work on 3G system, well VERY slowly and the company is un-responsive to online support emails.  Camera is cumbersome and does not auto focus well.  It would be fine if it actually would run a wi-fi hot spot.  I put the SIM in my son's three year old Galaxy and it was fast!

BLU Dash 5.0 D410a Unlocked Dual SIM GSM Phone never dropped it and still the camera doesn't function. This phone is good for nothing.

Very nice phone

This is great phone. It works in Africa.

I like it, and its price very good for its performance, if you want a good phone, buy this. Enjoy

The best phone I've ever used. Everyone should get one now. This phone has all the features you need if u want a really smart phone.

Has some defects like missed calls an theright lower side of the Phone doesn't work overall It's a great deal just to much hassle to go thru to replace for a new one

works beautiful, fast , has everything that is essential, screen is beautiful. connections are perfect sound is better than expected. another words for the price this is terrific.

Ok for a smart phone it seems great works well easy to use once you learn where all the actions you need to do to i.e. import your contacts into the phone your good. Now for the internal memory I thank there is a flaw with these specifications and the fact is Amazons specs say 4GB internal memory that's not the case. I have the same model and part number identical to that one they sell and mine only got's 1.27GB so don't know what seems to be the problem with getting the facts right not sure. But for my stand point If you want a reliable smart phone for the price get this one works great you will not regret it.

This phone would be the perfect phone but the camera and flash does not work well and its hard getting the setting right for straight talk

Very nice phablet for the price. Not happy with sound quality. Otherwise great performance, sleek looking smart phone. Dual sim an added advantage

Considering the price, it is not bad. I'm on H2O. It took some time to set up. However we could manage to get 4G internet.

I ordered this phone to replace the galaxy proclaim i had been using on Net10.  I got the phone, its gorgeous.. I love how it looks, and everything is laid out really well.  My Big problem was getting ALL the features working on the phone with the service provider.  Between myself and my husband we spent close to 6 hours on phone with different tech supports (net 10, blu, at&t) trying to get MMS messaging working, both incoming and outgoing.  We were told to send it back for replacement as it must be a hardware issue, to contact amazon, that it must be the plan we were on.  At the end, it was a setting in the phone.  My husband had suggested that we  click a particular box, and was told that wouldn't work. finally he decided to try it anyway, and voila! it worked! If you ever need help-- lol send us a message!  Now that the phone is working to its full capabilities, I am completely inlove.  It's a great smart phone.  I will most likely purchase again-  just wont call blu tech support!

Great phone I am a heavy texter and app user and the phone handles both well. The only thing is that at some times it freezes but unless you're a fourteen year old who lives on their phone you'll be able to thoroughly enjoy this phone. I bought this as a replacement to my iphone and I will be sticking with the BLU product line. My aunt got the same phone and she loves it as well. It is great for all ages!

Have had for a month and love it. Big screen, easy to use and plenty of memory for moderate use. No issues whatsoever.

That was a gift for somebody. He loves it

i have had it more than a monh now, and i am extremely happy! i have metro pcs; everybody knows that there phones sucks! Happy that i decided to buy this from amazon: cheaper price. I have not had any problems at all. But the larger than life screen  makes me wonder how did i watch youtube videos on my previous phones and not need glasses. There are no emojis on this phone, but you can download one. If you get this phone and your data is not working, take it back to who you had activate it. The store that i was at forgot to adjust the settings so i could get data, for two days all i could do was talk and text. I hope that helps somebody.

I love this phone, don't know where to begin. This phone have everything and the price was very good. I love the screen,  the size, the weight and most of all the features. It's just like any other smart phones out there. What impressed me was it came with a case, headset and screen protector. I'm loving it!

the functionality of the product does a lot more for what asking price is. doesn't make sense you spend a lot of $ for a product that does the same thing as another product that cost less. smart people buy for functionality not for &#34;brand name&#34;.

it;s great phone .. only works for prepaid. battery lasts longer than any other android phones... 2400 mah!! go get it!

I was leery of purchasing this because of such a low price.  I mean for this price it's gotta be junk right? Wrong!  I wish I hadn't waited so long to buy it, I absolutely love this phone.  Touch screen is very responsive, visuals are crisp.  I'm using straight talk with the att network, calls and internet are amazing.  I'm getting 3.5mbps dl speed on data and 7.5 on wifi. Battery life is incredible.  Although it is a 5&#34; screen it doesn't feel huge and bulky.  Make note that though it says 4gb  you are left with about 1.35gb for storage, plenty for me as i mainly use the memory card for storage.  Also there aren't any aftermarket cases for this phone but it comes with a silicone case which isn't too bad.  The only thing that I could gripe about is the placement of the power button.  When I hold the phone in landscape mode I tend to bump it, but I am adjusting to that and it's a small price to pay for how well everything else performs.  If you're on the fence like I was I'd say go for it, you won't be disappointed.

Very nice, but if u r looking for agood camera this one is weak. However, it's still a nice unit.

a cheaper and fasntastics smartphone.

I got the Blu dash 4.5 as a Christmas gift and unfortunately it was stolen so I needed to replace it. I loved the phone so much (my first smart phone) that I decided to upgrade and for about $15 more got the Blu Dash 5.0 which is incredible! I didn't purchase through Amazon as I was in a rush to get it and got it elsewhere. This phone has everything you need including a couple of surprise features like facial recognition passwords (that's a hoot). It's super fast and easy to navigate and beautiful. It's solidly built and looks far more expensive than it is. Unfortunately, some unscrupulous brick and mortar store owners are taking advantage of people's lack of knowledge about the price of the phones. This model in my area is on sale at one local store for $300.00!! What a shame. I have been trying to spread the word about this fantastic line of phones.

My current phone is locked so I bought this as a EU spare.  Plan was to stick a prepaid SIM in it once I got there.  3G, GSM, WDCMA all sounded good.  I did some research, expecting this device to work just fine.  I liked dual sims, I could have a backup.I prepped it ahead of time, got my accounts, tested it a bit, and it seemed like it was going to be fine.  Not great, but fine.  I could deal with the annoyances as long as it did its job.  Well, it didn't.I went to THREE, my preferred wireless vendor, and the phone accepted the SIM but would not connect to their towers.  Tried several sims, no luck.  Went to LEBARA, got a Sim from them, it worked, except... slow.  This is not the phone's problem, this is Lebara, their coverage was E mostly, barely.. and occasionally G.  However, I did not plan on using Lebara, I planned on THREE, and I really did expect this phone to work.  So now I had a terribly poor connection barely capable of sending email.I tried using it, and would bum Wifi whenever I could.  That made the usage tolerable, but then realized couple of bad design issues with this phone.  Given the size, and the location of the power button versus the volume buttons, it's difficult to press one without pressing the others.  They are located oppsite sides, really annoying.The buttons on the bottom light up for a second, and I am sure somewhere there is a setting to change that, but basically it makes them invisible. The phone has no easily definable top/bottom (arguably) which means I was flipping it around more often than I would like.  I also wanted to use it as a camera, but the screen is too difficult to see in daylight, so it was very tough taking pictures outside.  And their quality was pretty awful.  So, all around this thing was failing me.  It would sound/vibrate every time it found a Wifi, and even though I am sure I could turn that off, the settings screens are illogical and poorly laid out, so it was just a bother to do anything.I was willing to accept that you get what you pay for, but really, this thing is not worth the $135.  It's a phone that has many features, but is good at none of them.

I absolutely recommend that buy this amazing phone, Its chep, big, great sound ang razonable price. Fue una buen inversion.

Pros: The phone works great, I'm on Straight Talk and have had to add a few a.pps. to get things to work to there full potential, like mms. I live in the country and the Data works great as well as the phone.Good large display, good video quality, and everything is easily accessible.Dual sim; good for business use if you need two lines.Cons: Although there seems to be a few, there things I can live with.The battery is horrible, but evidently I a buy a different one that will last longer. If your surfing or playing games and such. take a charger with.The screen can't be seen very well in sunlight, but hasn't been a big deal for me.Accessories are very hard to find; cases, screen savers, etc.And the radio does pick up stations well, has no controls for sound quality, so if your getting this for the radio and/or for an mp3, look for something else.The power and volume buttons are directly across from each other which can be a hassle at times, but tollerable once your used to it.Overall, I have been pleased with the phone. If your looking for something with a large display that looks good and works great, on a budget. I would definitely recommend the BLU phones.
