
The phone was garbage does not down load half the apps  I dont recommend it suppose to brand new sound sucks also

This phone is not good. poor reception,volume,the call drops all the time. I am very disappointed, manufacture is not real..

i get my package in time and is good thanks,nd is a good phone for everyone i like it and i no everyone will like it.

I saw this phone and the price and thought it was too good to be true.. and it was. When i got the phone, it didn't even last a week before it started malfunctioning. Although it was supposedly &#34;new,&#34; I took it to a phone repair place (the day after i received it) and apparently it had water damage. Don't waste your money.. You've been warned. I was lucky enough to find out that it was faulty before the return date.. Not everyone is

I chose this rating cause the phone is not a good product at all. It wont hold a charge and already I have gone through four batteries and the phone will not come on. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone

The phone is okay. I like it, but there are a few problems with it, such as the camera not being any good at all. It's okay, though because I do understand no phone is perfect. I just wish there were cases available for this phone.

Had I known that this off brand, high priced unlocked phone wasn't going to work right I wouldn't have purchased it.  Its a complete waste of money and time

Phone is slow and when try to open a game it freezes up. Color and pics are ok though. Glad it was for my 11 yr old son.

This phone is VERY VERY Slow can't do anything takes for ever to dounlode apps and wont get the 3G or 4G just an E camera is to.zoom in don't like it at all .And when they call you cant hear anything I would like to return it back as possible amd get my money back

I  was  not  happy  with  this  device  it  was  very  slow and  when you  would  turn  the screen  on  it  was  black n  white dots  then  would  go  to  normal  screen

Phone looks great, just got it 2 days ago ill write review how it works in few months.it looks like a few hundreed dollar phone :-):-)

I ordered two of these, one for my son and the other for my husband.  Still waiting for the second one to arrive! The one we received does not work properly! When a call comes in it goes strait to voicemail.  No apps will even work on this device!  Very disappointed!

This phone SUCKS, it's so bad. The software is slow, the camera quality it's not good at all! I took the phone to a repair service 'cause it didn't want to accept none SIM card and they told me the phone was USED! I really don't recommend it, I wish I could return it and have my money back, but I can't 'cause I live in another country. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME WITH THIS PHONE, SERIOUSLY.

I'm not too sure about this phone because I order it for my co-worker. She loved it! But I cant speak about it

I can't find a case or screen protecter for it. I droped it once and it frozed shut and wouldn't open for 20 minutes.

i need my money back i cant gift my money because i have 3 kids and i need to work hard to can have money for mu bills i want my money backkkkk

The phone did not work for any service I put on t- mobile straight talk. I got stuck with a phone that don't ring when someone call. you can't download nothing on it I brought a bigger sd card and the memory is so low in it, it keep popping up low memory and I keep losing my contact than they would triple them as I keep trying to find it. I wind up getting stuck with another phone and had to reorder me another phone I want my money back phone is no good. No instruction no nothing but phone and charger. Blue tooth won't even connect. Wrong choice if you going to purchase this phone.

This is a very nice phone but i could not use it with my service. so if you have METROPCS phone service it will not work. I was so disappointed when i took the to be activated. Other other than that I would have given the phone 5 stars

It's a really bad phone, after a week the phone start a problem, it wrote device problem and when you unlock a screen, the phone block...

This phone is not a good phone at all. I definitely would NOT recommend this phone to anyone! It is slow, the camera is TERRIBLE, the in-call volume is bad, it freezes many times a day, etc. BAD phone.

After I install the game. This phone start act funny. You can't play game with this phone.  How much you pay how much you get. I guess this is what you get.

THIS PHONE REALLY I MEAN REALLY SUCKS !!!FIRST OF ALL THE INTERNET SUCKS THE SCREEN FLICK ON N OFF U GOTTA BEAT THE BEAT THE PHONE BACK TO LIFE!!!!! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME COMING THIS WAY

this phone for the first look its nice but let me tell you that this phone has the internet much slower that i've had in my life only 2 G?? if you have time or wait that's ok, no GPS on the phone?? and the music sound awful, i don't recomend this phone to no one...when i make a call some bad signal coming of the phone speaker and you can't hear the another person that why i said that this phone it's garbage.. please don't buy it...

I ordered this phone a month ago and have yet to receive it. Not sure why it's taking so long. I'm under the Impression that the phone is crappy. I haven't even been given a tracking number for the shipment

It really sucks and should stop selling it couldn't get on web picture sucked I returned mine and my husbands

this is terrible ! ive never seen anything as bad as this. its defective and it doesn't read sd cards and it takes forever to read the sim card. NEVER buy anything from them.

This phone is horrible!!!! Other than the phone looks good it's a piece of crap!!!!! The price is cheap because it's a cheap phone. Biggest waist of money I've ever spent!!!!!!!!!! I never could get the damn thing to work. All 3 of my kids tried with no success. I loved the style it was the right size but I'm so disappointed that it didn't work. If I could've rated it a zero I would have!!!!! I couldn't even call out, I could only receive calls. Just a waste of time creating this piece of crap. Didn't u guys test this thing first?? U never should've put this on the market!!!!!!!!!

These phones aren't the real thing! T-Mobile won't really program them because they said they are fake android phones. You can't download games, ringtones nothing! A waste of money.

this phone is not a good phone i cant receive or send picture message an i then tryed everthing,it does't take good pictures,the back flash is bad, cant find case for the phone,doesnt hold enough messages even with memory card.

the cell is k it works fine but the battery life doesn't last long at all and it needs to be charged all the time

well when i got it, it thought it was really nice. the messaging was really fast, internet, apps (only the ones that were all ready on the phone). My biggest problem was when i downloaded Facebook...it wouldn't come up, and then my phone really started messing up. a message box kept flashing and couldn't get rid of it unless you shut off the phone. i give it 4/10

Didn't stay charged,forever to download,crappy Camera , just wasn't the phone for me. I purchased to because of the price they sent two batteries each phone and both would die before my workday was done

This phone is crap.I put my sim card in it and got it programed when i did get a call threw who ever i called we both sounded like we were in a bucket trying to talk, the internet conection was crap was never able to conect 3g or 4g did not work at all....

Not work I don no t recumbent any one to buy this phone.The phone looks good but not work properly.

worst waste of money you would ever waste. do yourself a favor and do not but this cheap piece of crap. absolutely nothing works and i mean NOTHING. THIS CELL PHONE WAS SOO bad the seller diDNT even want it back. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY

Need unlock codes for US markets. Otherwise the phone is fine. The screen is bigger than expected. But it's worthless without unlock code

this phone is trash nothing works  cant even hear nothing when u recieve a call u get the txt messeges hours later u cant recieve pictures the internet forecloses every 2 minutes trash dont get it.

I would recommend this to any one good phone I used it in other country and it was ok gr

I live in Oklahoma and this phone has very good quality! Good reception and internet works just fine. It's huge though! :)

I was estafavo with this product; with respect to the product description is lying; this is true: RAM: 256MB, ROM: 512MB, CPU MTK 6515 single-core 1.0 GHz; L3-Note

I sent it back because it had to many issues that was not acceptable.. It looked like it would be a great phone but looks are deceiving... Thanks Anyway

Phone looks great. Comes with extra batery. But 1) the ear piece is a joke 2) The Camera is a deception. 3)The sound is not under control. Turning the phone on and off is like starting an old car. 4) Internal memory? Forget about it!

THE PHONE SUCKS SOOOOO BAD. AND IF YOU LIKE TAKING PICUTRE'S AS MUCH AS ME THIS IS NOT THE PHONE FOR YOU SORRY BUT TRUE!!!!!!!

Bad phone, takes a long to to start up most of the apps. Constantly freezing up, slow, cant recieve our text messages.

This phone is awesome.  It does a lot of great stuff. It works like a computer.  I do everything that I want to like I want on a computer.

The phone didn't work on my network. Its not but a 2g and that sucks. Need more gigs. Better luck next time.

this phone is the worst phone i every got in my life u can't do nothing with it can't get pictures can't get ringtones like i know the phone is unlock but damn when should at least get a good quality phone too use smdh i would never tell anybody to get this phone

I like it cell with low memory. Contains the basic applications. I recommend this product for youth. Contains all accessories.

Idk if I should get this one or anouther off brand one don't have alot of money right now and both have good and bad rating I don't know you tell me

good night the phone is wonderful but I departed the screen as I do for q bands one to replace it

The phone is super slow.. It doesn't have alot of features.. I want to return it and get my money back. I just don't Kno how because I threw away the package that it came in.

I bought this phone bc the other one I purchased didnt work properly. This phone is ok but it is very slow accessing the internet if at all. I do not know if this phone is 2g or 3g but it takes over 3 minutes to access the google playstore. ill keep it as a backup phone but i will make sure the next phone i buy is 4g confirmed.

Very Slow, and keeps force closing everything, takes forever for someone to recieve my message or for me to recieve theres. also calling is bad, i wont recieve calls or cannot hear anybody. plus the camera isnt good.!
