
great phone and great camera still reluctant to try soaking it in water lolthis might just be me but the google music store has like nothing so if you are switching from ios like i did be prepared to buy an ipod etc

this is the best phone ive ever had. First i was scared to prove waterproof, but it really works. I'll keep checking sony's equipments

I've been using it and was worried because some comments about the usb port and is true its a little bit hard when you conect it so you must be carefull still i have ordered an adapter to the magnetic port but the cellphone is really fast in any task you put on it the dnla conections shows some problems but maybe because of the internet conection the camera disapoined me a little becase the photos are really beatifull until you zoom it or try using the zoom before you take the picture still the apps to the camera are really fun and lets you edit like you want them but the 20.7 MP really doesnt look like that but the most impresive thing to me is the battery with the stamina mode i use it every day and go out at 7 am and come back to my home at 11pm and still have battery in the worst case with 15% using it constantly making calls, chatting, taking photos, uploading photos and files hope this helps

If u are ok with getting a square giant phone then this is ok for u.......if u have giant hands this is ok 4 u....if u love sony (my case) this is ok for u.....

This is the best cellphone, its very fast and very beauty for the materials made, and is very slim and low weith

I am blown away by the Z1. If you are a specs junky you already know its great. What is worth noting though is that the screen and the glass back are extremely sensitive to scratches. Both got very scratched in less than 10 days of use while I waited for my screen to arrive, and this happened while being extremely careful with the phone. The waterproof feature is amazing, but I def expected more from the glass parts. The camera focus isnt great either - that being said, its much better than my previous phone, a Nexus 4.

excellent very good phone in its international version recommend

1. Good sound quality.2. Camera really awesome.3. Water proof.4. Worth for its cost.5. 5 inch Screen with nice quality.6. Long battery.

Everyone loves the phone. Very large. Great graphics. Extremely durable. However, I am experiencing some minor glitches. It was react slowly and the Stamina mode seems to cease operations for the phone longer than it should. Bluetooth is not of the best quality with my new 2014 Chevrolet Malibu, unsure why that is. Great sound; however, it doesn't always appropriately adjust in and out of applications, so it will stay dimmed until numerous clicks or movements to get it to focus on the application you are in. There are many options to the phone, though. A ton of customization like a personal computer. Great organizational features and the compatability with Google is a Google lover's dream (i.e. me and my dream). Overall, amazing phone, may just need to get used to it.

it is a very good and powerful smartphone - nice looking, fast, high quality materials, full of nice features.That's why I gave it so low rating: the screen is awful. Small change of viewing angle, and colors become weak. Really weak. It reminds me first smartphones. I know, it is TFT, what can I expect... But, hey, guys from Sony, why????Will replace it as soon as I can.

Wow what a phone!!  I thought I was in love with my Xperia Z1s but now that I've got the Ultra I can see I really wasn't until now!!I am thrilled to report that this phone will support the Life Log app from Sony for anyone with a Smartband (or not it's still a really cool app).  T-Mobile is one of the slowest companies to upgrade operating systems and currently the Sony Xperia Z1s does not have the right version and of course T-Mobile has no information on when any future OS updates will happen.This phone is BIG, but not so big that it becomes un-usable.  Before the Ultra I would carry around my 7 inch tablet and phone, but now the tablet stays home.This works perfectly on T-Mobile.  Out of the box I put in my old sim and was off and running.  Be sure to call T-Mobile if they are your carrier and update your IMEI and test out LTE internet.  Out of the box the phone worked, but I was not getting any internet connectivity.  T-Mobile tech took me to a couple of settings screens, entered some server addresses and up and running it was!Pros:As of this review the phone is discounted by about $230 so if you are looking at this phone you might wanna move fast!Great big beautiful screen!!  Colors are great - crisp and vibrant and movies and videos run butter smooth!WATERPROOF!!!!As of this review KitKat 4.4.2!!!Fast!  No, I mean it's really fast!Micro SD support!No bloatware!  Yay!  Just install what you want!I LOVE the camera!  You might hear others say it is bad, but it's not - lower megapixels than my Z1s, but that is size not quality.HIGHLY recommend taking advantage of the side charger connectors instead of opening the flap each time to charge.  Got two of them - one for home and one for work and love them.  I have the dock, but very interested in the magnetic charging cable, too.It's a beautiful phone and feels great in the hands.  Take advantage of the price drop and get one!  You only live once and you deserve to have a nice toy!Cons:People at work had a great time teasing me at the size of the phone!  Some funny stuff!I wish the phone had some of the Z2 features such as 4K video recording.  Hardly a con that it doesn't but Sony is cranking out devices so fast I'm not going to be able to keep up with upgrades.  Will stick with this phone for a while.Overall it's an amazing phone!  I decided not to use a case, but instead I'm just going to put on a Skinomi  full body screen protector.  It's what I used on my Z1s and it worked great!  Since the phone is waterproof it is super easy to install - just spray it till it is soaking wet and apply LOLBest of luck everyone!

In my opinion  I think it is  a goog cellphone, and I think it is one of the top phones on market, It takes good looking pictures even in tough exposition conditions like sunsets, background illumination.

I bough my phone here, the shipping was fast, im enjoing this phone, its very fast and smooth to use it, and i dirin't have any problems with transfer my contacts, the unic thing dont come is, the magnetic adapter, just come to me the normal AC/DC plug adapter, ther rest I recomend this phone to anyone who's looking a great phone and resistant to water and dust, and faster device,

The Experia Z1 is by far the best phone i have ever had. My last phone was The Note 2, which after one small drop, completely rendered it useless. Because the Sony phone is so smooth and thin, i consider it vital to buy a protective case. I have the Black Gel case which makes the phone a lot less risky to drop, as well as more protected if dropped.The fact that this phone is waterproof is also a huge peace of mind. Some people think this is not really important but there are a multitude of circumstances where your phone could get wet unintentionally.I find the size to be perfect, the screen resolution to be much kinder on the eye than The Note. The phone has a much more refined and quality feel to it. It is a well engineered phone.I used to be a loyal Sony customer...i moved away for a while and now i am back. Sony are really forging ahead in the phone market with this kind of standard. Iphone and Galaxy watch out.

I had the same phone for going on three years when it finally died on me.  When I started looking for a phone my top must have was the camera.  Sound weird?  Yeah, the sales guy thought so too when I finally went to look at new phones after doing my research.  I knew going in that the Xperia Z1 had a great camera so it was no surprise I was immediately pointed towards the Sony.  I'm a working Mom with a very active toddler.  I don't always have my nice camera with me (which is ironically also a Sony) to snap pictures all the time--so I take a lot of pictures on my phone.The Xperia Z1 takes amazing pictures.  It also takes the pictures quickly.  So when my toddler takes off, my Xperia Z1 keeps pace.  Bonus--water resistant.  And yes, that works too.In regards to other items I like on the phone--the screen size.  I have an iPhone for work and the screen just doesn't compare.  I'm not anti-apple (I'm deeply in love with my iPad), but as phones go the iPhone is just....a shrug for me.I've had no other problems with the phone.  Battery life seems good (I stream music all day at work and have not had a problem) and it's light weight.  But, again, it's all about the camera for me and this phone has that in spades.

Better than iPhone, by far. IMO it's comparable with Galaxy S4, perhaps with HTC One, but wait... it has a plus: you can pair your PS3 Dualshock controller and play wireless! Isn't that amazing?

initially when I got it back in Nov 2013, the screen quality was very poor compared to iphone 4 and HTC One..after updating the software, the resolution has improved.it's a nice size phone with pretty decent camera..

I had the Z1 for some time now...this is what i can tell you,the phone is made from a really good materials you can feel it right away which indicate the the phone is going to handle some drops and slips which what i was looking for after i had the note 2 which i fixed so many times i can't remember , and because im the kind of person who drops things more than an average guy i was looking for a phone that can take it...but not all people have this problem so i will write the POS & NEG i noticed:POS:(+) Made from a really good materials.(+) Respond is fast which is to be expected with Snapdragon 800.(+) Touch screen have a good feel.(+) Using the stamina mode can give really good life time with the battery which was Sony biggest weakness.NEG:(-) Sound volume is disappointing comparing to other phones.(-) Heavy with sharp edges that may be a problem when in your picket.(-) If your are not going to bay the Magnetic Charger(which i think should be included in the box) every time you try to charge you phone you are going to hate it for few seconds due to the cover that is closed tightly to resist water.(-) with 20.7 mp camera the results are not that good (even with max set up) i might say a phone with 13 mp can produce better pic and the focus is slow to react with changing view (maybe an update will fix this since an excellent hardware is already there)...so if you are going to show off your new phone to someone don't let them try to take a pic...just let them read the number of mp then change the subject.This is what i have seen. I hope it will help.

Before this sony phone I had a samsung Galaxy note 3 and was nice too, but the sony feels better in material but samsung has a little better interface of android than sony. The battery life of this Sony z1 is a lot better than the samsung phones, the camera is no the greatest but is ok.. I definetly recomend this phone.

It is fast and seems really sturdy (I have not dropped it yet so time will tell) The design is fantastic and what you would normally expect from a Sony product.

any kind of SONY product is good for me. and my sony Z1 was superb specially the camera i just wonder mhy my internat memory was just less than 12gb when it is supposed to be 16gb??

Its everything it says it is but idk if its cause I bought it off this website or the phone itself but after 2 months its freezing, the speakers sound more muffled and the headphone port sometimes malfunctiones. The freezing can be quite irritating seeing as though tgis is supposed to have a quad-core in it, get the s5 if u really wanna no

I am coming from a Samsung G S4 and iPhone in the past. This is much better than those. I can't believe this phone is not sold on AT&T, Verizon etc. I got mine from GSMNation and use on T-Mobile. Amazing phone and lots of useful features compared to the Samsung GS4 that has just gimmicks. I love the FM Radio (unlike Radio Apps) it really works when the ear phones are plugged in. I dropped this phone on the pavement a few times (I am very clumsy!) and crap I thought - I must have broken something - not even a scratch!! LTE works well without issues.

Its an amazing cell phone. If you need a fast processor, a good lent to take pictures this is your phone!

This is an amazing phone. All the functions are great but the camera is awesome. I already use another Xperia phones but this one is the best of them.

Without a doubt, the Xperia Z1 is the best cell today .. very fast, high-definition camera, 4G LTE technology, and a myriad of qualities that make it unique! congratulations to the seller, it is the best phone I have ever purchased!

I bought this phone with illusion three months ago, but has been disappointing, the second month suffered from sudden death and then had water filtration (a submersible mobile?!). It has been my worst purchase.

i Very very very good smartphone. Exceeded my expectations.The screen is very colorful and easy to surf on the web.

The definition in photos and video recording is impresive, also my brother has xperia z and both use the phone a lot,he has to recharge it at least once a day and i don't need to

I know what your thinking..."What is this guy talking about?" This is awesome..its waterproof, and large...etc.First SONY the maker of some top TV's (in the past) used a screen not in just the Z1, but the same in Z1s that washes out horribly! Every time in the morning when I walk the screen is basically useless...But that's not the kicker!!!....Well, I'm not going to spend 10-20 minutes explaining this in long detail, but will put it blunt and short...(and take specific questions)I purchased  the Sony Z1s for $599. I purchased a case, all from Tmobile. The case Tmobile has is a cheap case that in 2 weeks was already having issues with the top piece sliding off.  After some time I decided to get another case and just leave it off until I get it, thinking to be extra careful.  Well accidents happen, and in most situations either you pay for the repair, or you have insurance take over....So, I fumbled the phone out of my hand at about 2-3 feet from my shorts pocket and it hit the concrete floor.Screen corner cracked, so I couldn't enter my code in to use the phone as it was still working, just no touch, cant answer calls as the swipe too was cut as the crack effected the etire screen. Some things on the left do work.  So the phone appears to work, but the PAPER THIN screen is broken. It is UNBELIEVABLE HOW THIN IT IS!! About 2-3 sheets of paper thin!!I look around for a fix, and there are youtube vids on how to do it, but it looked a chunk more involved than the iphone(which I have done for myself and friends 3 times now, even did a water damage repair with speaker,camera, mic).  But this one is complex and is water proof, 2 months new...so I called Sony, and they set me up to send it in for either repair of $170 if its something I did, which of course it is..I dropped it!They send it back in the same condition, and saying it is unrepairable!!!! After conversations with support, they apologized for the inconvenience. $599+tax is not an inconvenience. Calling me in the middle of the night maybe one, but not selling a phone that you can't do a simple screen repair on.So I know those that already own this and have not had the problem....And if you have insurance, fine! For those that don't expect to pay $150-200 for the year of insurance(at least with tmobile) when repairing a screen is usually what goes wrong(unless water damage, and that's why you get a waterproof phone!)....So you know IF you crack the screen, you can get it repaired.NOT WITH A SONY XPERIA Z1, Z1S phone!This phone is unrepairable, PERIOD!  I will either need to repair it myself, or pay $225 for a aftermarket repair place that CANNOT waterproof it. So far that is what I have to go on.  What a JOKE of a phone. If you see how paper thin the screen is, you will be surprized it hasn't cracked on you.  Sony changed the Z1 bezel from metal to plastic because the screen was cracking in peoples pockets!!! (the things you read and learn after the fact). Another weird thing is that Sony doesn't let the phone do a backup unless the phone is UNLOCKED. So if you added stuff to your phone between the last time you backed up, say goodbye to it if you send to SONY, as they do a clean wipe of all data when they receive it as a standard procedure. Regardless if they fix or not, you data is POOF!Otherwise the only PRO's this phone gave me was the very good battery life (1 of top selling points), The fact that I can have it in a steam room, or shower. 20MPix camera. Although this thing doesn't always work right. Often the app is glitchy, metering for light is often off, and focus is a fight for some images, as well as zooming buttons change when rotating the phone. Lots of unintuitive stuff. The burst mode is cool, and the themed added images is fun. But nothing really useful.  While I had the phone the only thing I was realy happy about was the battery life. The screen really sucks in day light.UPDATE: CONFIRMED today that teh Sony Z1 ot Z1s is not a servicable phone. They are not able to repair the phone. If the screen cracked on its own as many reports, they will replace the phone under warranty. But there is no way for them to repair it.

Extremely solid phone with good graphics, HD pics and videos, waterproof covers over the slots, very fast and responsive. Compact and massive at the same time, it looks large in your hand but in your pocket it feels like nothing is even there even with a case on it. I dropped it while sitting in a chair. The phone landed directly on its face and not a single scratch, dent, nothing. My only complaint is that for the $600 price tag I expected a slightly more powerful battery. It seems like it runs out just as fast as any other phone and for $600 I expected this baby to be able to pack more energy than its cheaper competitors. Also it seems a bit prone to crashing when it comes to games, although crashing could also be the developer of the games fault.

First off, the seller did send the LTE version of the phone as it was stated.For the phone itself it's definitely a top of the line device, with one of the best performance and android phone can give you. You could definitely take off a few points due to the fact of their speakers, but its an understandable tradeoff considering the water and dust proof. Besides that there is no other negative points to this phone, great performance, the screen has great color definition and sharpeness and the camera is amazing.

Great phone!!  Beautiful crafted by Sony, excellent build quality and materials used, the camera is great also but not the best, would wish a bit more of color saturation and a definitely it has poor viewing angles, but not so important cause iam always looking at it front-facing

Fast shipping - showed up a day early. I'm a photographer and i must say the camera on this phone is amazing. The processor is crazy fast compared to what i was using (Xperia X10). I love the fact that it has an SD card slot. HIghly recommend!

I do a lot of photography for my work, using a Canon dslr and two Nikon compacts. For two weeks now I also use my new Xperia Z1, that turns out to be good enough for a lot of shooting and that is very easy to carry arround.It is the first camera I ever had that you can even use as a phone :-)

My husband loves Sony phones, so this is great for him. And he has it synchronized with the Sony Smartwatch and both work perfectly.

The product arrived on time, excellent!

It is a good smarphone but i still like the S4 a lot more.Screen is good but the S4 is far superiorCamera is good but i like the S3 and S4 moreBattery not good enought .Only thing superior to Samsung S4 (not Note 3) is the proccesor speed .This is my opinion.

i brougth this phone in a sony store, two months later do not work any more, and the store don`t take care about, so i sent the phone to sony and they need 14 days to give me an answer, they don`t care about my protection plan and the warranty.

Just a quick review:Quite possibly, the most beautiful phone to ever grace the android eco-system.Nice, large and bright screen, although not perfect.Very fast and responsive.beautiful looks.Very large battery for the size of the phone.Excellent Sound.Water Proof, on a phone that deasnt look like it was designed by Fisher Price.Much Smoother than LG G2The Camera is also much much faster than an LG G2.Sony's back-up straight to a flash drive of external SD card is a great tool.Cons:Although a very large battery, it doesn't last as long as you would think.If you were to play movie and have it replay over and over until the battery drained fully, an LG G2 would get you about 2 more hours.The Phone scratches, way, way too easy, even by having in your pocket with nothing else.Oh and it also gets scratched up if u have it in a case (WTF?)The camera on this phone is ridiculously amazing. They say it's only second to Nokia's offering, but where this beats the Nokia's camera, is in camera-app start up times.I will update this review at a later time.

Best phone, wonderfull. Expecting to buy xperia z2, really sony have come the Best telephone company, exelent camera, fast as a flash, never hangs up as much aplications you have on.

I think it is best or one of the top phones on market right now. I was fascinated by Xperia Z which my best friend obtained this summer. So I bought this Z1 and absolutely happy with it (had iPhone before).1. 4G.I have T-mobile and 4g works with it. The phone has pretty good connection most of the time network is accessible.2. Sturdy.The phone was severely fallen to concrete floor for 2 times. No cracks or any scratches on the glass sides. Small scratches on a flank side but no dents or deformations. I'm happy it is so sturdy (or I'm so lucky)))2. Camera.It takes good looking pictures even in tough exposition conditions like sunsets, background illumination etc. Can't say it is much better than iPhone 5 camera but I find it generally better. Night pictures have high iso noise. Focus has been improved after the last update.3. USB.I really enjoy the fact that if I plug the phone to pc by common micro-usb cable it may be detected as a simple storage. No stupid iTunes (You can install sony app from the phone if so you WANT. But you don't have to. At all).4. Sync, Charge and Watertight flaps.I sync the phone by wireless and use dock station Sony DK31 Cradle to charge it. So I don't open watertight flaps at all.5. Water.I haven't taken any photos under water yet but I did call the phone in spa bath and got the phone under rain. Also once it was in sand. No problems. Since that I like the idea that I can receive a call if I'm interrupted in a shower))6. Software.I've found much of the Sony software useless. Can't say it is bad nor good I just get used to other apps. Android has a giant apps market with a lot of alternatives.7. Hardware.The hardware is pretty fast. I haven't found any slow running or laggy application or game yet.8. Battery.As all slim smartphones with high-end hardware you have to put the phone on charger often. It takes 1 day or less to discharge in normal mode. 2.5 - 3 days in stamina mode. 1.5 - 2 days in normal mode with battery saving soft installed. I'm sure it will worsen when the battery exhausted in 1-2 years.9. Screen.Pretty sharp. I've found it good but not exceptional. I mean it is good, bright and sharp for reading, surfing, gaming. But pictures on my old iPhone are looking the same good as on calibrated LCD. Pictures on Z1 looks worse than on PC. I know the description is very subjective, but that is what I can say. Video works fine.10. As a player.I REALLY like that I can download any player from market and listen possibly ANY file format. WITHOUT iTunes. After 3 years of using iDevices I couldn't get used to it. I mean, managing my library by folders, putting music to phone by simple copying what I need and WHERE I need is much much more convenient for me than using iTunes.11. Sound quality.I compared Z1 output with V90-HPA headphone preamp using Sure 535 earphones. Surprisingly the difference is not so big at all. Z1 sounds brighter while V90 sounds softer and deeper. But there is NO such a gap like between laptop internal sound card and V90. I would be really impressed if the phone sounded better. But... I'm still impressed with the comparison.FINALLY...I'm happy I have it. I would recommend it among all the other devices of the same class that are currently on the market.

Liars sold me a cell phone and that block is stolen in Peru.The phone does not work. Bad bad

Wonderful device. Great technology, takes amazing pictures and you can carry your videos, pictures and movies with you. It tends to get very hot when using it in video games for long periods of time.

very helpful very responsible seller got the product offered with the baseGenuine Sony Magnetic Charging Dock DK31 further my computer came with a sheet where if I needed help or any inconvenience to communicate with the

I had the Xperia ZL before this one and I loved this phone. However, I couldn't resist the 20.7 megapixel camera, waterproofness, and updated snap dragon processor on this phone and had to get it. Don't regret a bit. Love everything about it. Very smooth processor :)

The build quality and materials are premium.It's a super fast phone, no crashes, no over heating, impressive display. Is a 9.9/10!In my opinion the camera is the worst thing about this phone. While it is a very good camera, with high resolution and in good condition the quality of the photos is great, does not compare with that sony sells us. The zoom is still fuzzy, even ensuring that quality is maintained up to 3x.I expected more from the camera, taking clear that a cell is not a professional camera, but I expected more. My previous phone an Xperia Acro S take pictures with the same quality and has half performance.

This is an excelent smartphone, I used under the water pool and beach as well, was an apple fan and it was hard to change to android, but with this phone I have no complaints, elegant, fast and a great camera, battery never die, I love it..

The cell phone is awesome but it isn't 4g LTE as described!! The model is C6902 not the C6903 which has the faster internet!! So be careful with this detail....  Seller please give the correct information!!

great phone

This the best phone I ever had. The battery life is just awesome compare to galaxyS4. I normally have 60% left after 12 hours of use with intelligent mode selected on battery lover app.Whereas the Samsung S4  almost drain by the end of  the day.Ever since I started using not a single time the phone hung or stop responding. It definitely has a solid look, not too big, very good camara and so on.Finally sony has produced the best phone avilable in the market.I will recommend this phone to anyone without the slightest hesitation.

I didn't really like the display and the phone it got wasn't factory unlock... That's about it...but still a good product for some people.

I'm from Venezuela and is the first time I buy a cell phone for this site. Fully recommend this seller because my phone came in perfect condition and works great. It is a fairly quick and easy to use equipment. It's more than a phone, the photos are spectacular captures and I do not regret purchasing it. I recommend it.

has very good range, no problems for smooth operation.arrived at the agreed time and with good packaging. I recommendthanks

I really like this phone is just Amazing, and the phone have an amazing triluminus screen to see HD Movies, Pictures And Games, i recommend this phone is better than other smart phones,the only thing that i dont like about the phone is that we cant take 20MP pictures in Automatic mode, but this is because of the software, and the other think that i complain is the screen protector well it is more an anti shatter film  but i dont like  it because it get scratched quickly but the great news are that you can change it or remove itNote (i'm using this phone in Guatemala City and i have a great signal with 4g network(tigo!))

THE BEST OF THE BEST, ENOUGH SAID,camera, funtions, finally I can answer my cell indoors, I get great reception anywhere,and is WATERPROOF. NOW I can travel without a big, cumbersome camera, or a laptop, world ready

Bought this as a birthday gift. It was very much appreciated and it it is also beautiful. Good stuff and dependable

Have to agree it is a little heavy as compared to a Motorola Razor (thinnest version, but that did not last long on the market though).  It is also a lengthy mobile, but the edges are nicely done with a solid feel, for sure.  Z1s screen is darker looking than the Z 36h which as a purplish tint, so it seems the former is a nice improvement.  Overall, the new Z1 has a more refined look and feel.Got mine in China for only 546 USD (minus the VAT) on sale!  Wow... it was unlocked too, what a shame that some folks have to be chained to a contract or to expensive others.

I didn't buy my phone here, but I felt the need to leave a review about this device.Sony has finally delivered a top tier phone. The look and feel are absolutely premium. I get the feeling that I am using a solid piece of hardware, unlike that glossy plastic feel and look you get in products from Samsung SGS line and the new iPhone 5C. The stock rom (Android 4.2.2) is the 1st stock I actually really enjoy using and don't feel the need to switch over to a custom rom. I really don't understand why this phone is not getting 5/5. Sony has put in a lot of effort into the design. With the ever so slightly edges at the corners. A real nice touch with the glass backing. They even went as far as putting in two holes in the bottom right corner to be used for a camera wrist strap. Such as one like thisNikon 25770 AN-CP19 Black Strap. There is a nice discreet LED notification light at the top middle of the phone. A small but well liked feature. It flashes white when you have a notification, flashes red when on low battery and stays orange when charging.The screen is so nice. Out of the 5x3 inches of the phone the screen is 4.5x.2.5 inches. It looks right and when using it you really feel there is a really nice amount of screen real estate available to you. I am also glad they did not include and physical home button on the screen.I haven't even got to the best part. The phone is waterproof and dustproof receiving certificate of military resistance IP58. How great is that? The phone has 16 GB of internal storage. Most people will never go over 10GB of data their phone. I don't understand why people try to point out it has low internal storage space in comparison to the Note 3 which has 32GB or 64GB and can take external microSD. Great for the Note 3! But, who really needs that much internal data on a phone? Try going on the cloud. If you need the extra space the phone can take up to 64GB microSD for the people who need to horde data. If you need to go that route I suggest getting a Class 10 64GB such as thisSanDisk SDSDQUA-064G-U46A Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card 30MB/s with AdapterThe phones response time is so quick and smooth. I'm not going to give you the specifics on the internals but there is some seriously good hardware in the phone. I ran AnTuTu Benchmark and got a rating of 34789. If you do not know what that means, the Z1 is amazing. To give you a comparison the Note 3 got a 33814, HTC One 25651 SGS S4 25161 Nexus 7 20438. As you can see the Z1 is beating the rest in the benchmark scores which basically means it has the superior internal components.My only bad thing I have to say, is i'm afraid this lovely glass finish is going to get scratched so I had to get a very nice case for it and a screen protector.VSTNSony Xperia Z1 Honami L39H ultra-thin PC Case Cover (For Sony Xperia Z1 Honami L39H, Black)If you are going to install the screen protector yourself I highly suggest getting some anti-static spray and apply it before installing the screen protector. Getting a spec or 2 of dust under the screen protector looks ugly. If you are going to be spending all this money on a phone, go the extra mile and buy the spray.ACL Staticide 530 General Purpose Topical Anti-Stat, 4 oz Trigger Sprayer BottleThis phone is the international edition so it recieves many different GSM radio frequencies and can be used with just about any GSM mobile network across the world. Just don't forget if you want to use your Mobile network data you have to put in the providers Access Point Name (APN). This can be found in Settings > More > Mobile networks > Access Point Names.You will also need to set up your MMS network if you want to receive or send mms (picture messages). Go to Settings > More... > Internet Settings. Hit Accept then Select your Service Provider. It will install Internet & MMS settings.The phone takes only microsim and is fully LTE capable, which I have no problem using on Tmobile's USA network. If you have a normal sim card and can't get a microsim immediatly, you can make your sim into a microsim with this.QQ-Tech Nano Sim Card Cutter Mini /Standard & Micro to Nano Sim for iPhone 5 iPhone 4, 4S and other Phones + Metal Tray + 2 Sim Adapters + Sand Paper, All in One Pack (In Stock Ready to Ship)Though, I highly suggest to get your providers official microsim if possible.If you are into rooting and installing custom roms, the phone is easy to root and to unlock the boot loader.The camera is 20.7MP. It takes good pictures during day time and has good flash for indoors, but the focus seems to "stutter". Nothing that can't be fixed, they just need to release a better software update to it. It is just an annoyance at most. The pictures I have taken so far have been really good. I haven't used it to take night time pictures yet, so I can't comment on that. There is a nice little added feature of a physical camera button on the bottom right. It makes it feel again as if you where taken pictures with a camera. It is a welcomed feature.If you are worried about breaking the small watertight flaps for the phone when charging it, you can get the Sony charging station for it.Sony DK31 CradleorPatuoxun Magnetic Charger Charging Dock Station Cradle For Sony Xperia Z1 L39h /Xperia Z Ultra XL39h BlackOverall this phone is an A+.

I think this is the best smartphone that exist right now.. I bought it for me for 8,000 dop (200 usd) in Orange Dominicana. The materials used in this smartphone are premium it gives you the good glass feel of the nexus 4 or iPhone 4s except that this one it's much more resistant. It's lighting fast and it's Android skin doesn't suck, actually it's the first Android device that I have used without custom rom

So far it's great.  I picked it on the basis of specs - it has no breakout feature (such as the Nokia Lumia 1020's knock-your-socks-off 41 meg camera), but unlike every other phone I looked at, it has zero deal breakers.  The screen is large and has excellent resolution, the styling suits me perfectly (looks good, feels good and very little plastic), it's water- and dust-resistant.  It works great on my month-at-a-time t-mobile service (unlimited data and more talk minutes than I'll ever use).  It has a fast quad-core main processor and a fast graphics processor.  But specs don't tell the whole story.  It's great to use as well.  Sony, Google, and t-mobile have so far worked together seamlessly to provide me with a really nice phone.  And the camera, though second to the Nokia 1020, is really really good.  The Z1 upgraded to Android 4.4.2 automatically.  I honestly don't see why more people don't buy these phones.  It's flat-out terrific.  My only qualm is the fact that the warranty on these unlocked international-model phones is somewhere between slim and none.  But with a little luck and careful handling, I don't think I'll miss it.  I hope.  FYI this phone does have the 1700/2100 bands required to operate on t-mobile's 3G/4G network.

My Nephew asked me to order this Iphone for him to change his actual phone Sony Xperia X10.  He is in to any new technology arriving.... and besides is the best way to get in touch with me while I am traveling.

The smartphone is great. But the location of the speaker is not so good and the cuality of the sound also.. The cuality of the speaker from my last phone (galaxy S3 mini) is much better than the Z1. But for the rest the Z1 its excellent smartphone

I only rated 4 star because my daughter told me the camera was frozen every so often that she can't take her pix the moment she turn on the cam.also Sometimes she doesn't get mms Like It doesn't download.

Update : After 10 days of using this phone I have to put that I was surprise with performance and options on this Z1.  Most importing thing for me network and battery. I'm in the desert so it's important for me to have clear connections and long life of battery .This phone accept this have great screen and touch options what help me good during usage. The water resistance I don't try a lot , no to much water in desert :) .. and if I drop it , its just sand or dust.Phone is asome, performance are high....quality ,design ...u have to buy it ..best best choice ... FGS Trade ... ..

A very excellent and worth buying has many exclusive features such as social live video broadcasting directly via Facebook For me it was something new to discovery after many iPhone devices.

I had bought this because i was coming from the Blackberry Z10, great phone but lacks apps. I didn't want a Note3 and the Xperia Z1 was easily the best choice for me. Been using it since the 6th and today while at the beach i decided to just dip it for a second while recording a video. I did the video was 15 seconds in total and everything seemed fine i was extremely pleased. Until tonight while driving i decided to use the earphones only to find out that they don't work anymore.This is beyond disappointing i had such high hopes for this but now i have given up. I am sending this crap back to amazon i want my damn money back.

This is one of the best phones you can get without a doubt.  The feel of it is just amazing.  It feels like a top of the notch piece of hardware and not a plasticky cheap phone.  I have had it for three months now and I am absolutely satisfied with it.  It is extremely fast.  My last phone was an iPhone 4s and it was fast.  I tried the Samsung S4 and it was a lot less responsive.  It lagged when flicking and was not as fast as one would desire from a high end phone, so I went for the Z1 which is extremely responsive.  Apps open really fast and it never gets stalled.  You can really feel the power of the processor.  The screen is superb.  Very clear and true to colours and the size is just perfect.  The installed Chrome explorer works very well and every website renders fast and with no glitches.  Very customisable and widgets are great if you like to change your home screen once in a while and don't feel stuck with the same home screen forever as you are with the iPhones.  The Small Apps features is also great.  It lets you have two "windows" opened in the screen at the same time.  The camera takes outstanding pictures with good and bad light and works great underwater.  The special shutter button located in the side of the phone makes it very easy to operate.  The battery lasts a full day with heavy usage and has the low battery mode and stamina mode that really help when you are running low.  Led notifications on the front of the phone are really helpful too and very cleverly located.There are a couple of things that have been critiqued about this phone, like vision angles.  I really don't understand what is the big fuzz about that.  You never watch your phone holding it in an angle position.  At least I always hold it looking straight at me and it looks perfect.  Secondly, the size.  If you want a small phone this is not for you.  If you are tired of small phones where everything looks, well small, this is the one.  It is big, but thin and does not feel bulky at all when you are holding it, and it is definitely the most high-end-looking phone out there.  The speakers are not that great so if you use your phone a lot to hear music out loud, this is probably not the best option.  However, most people normally use headphones (which sound great) or bluetooth speakers which you can connect very easily with the NFC connection, just by holding the two devices close to one another.  And there is the issue of the scratches.  Turns out that Sony for reasons that I cannot understand, decided to cover the glass front and back screens with shatter-resitant screen protector that are very bad at scratch-protection.  The phone scratches just by using your fingers to unlock it or by flicking.  I was very dissapointed because of this so I called Sony and they told me about the factory-installed screen-protectors.  They told me that I could get rid of them but that I should take into account that the SONY logo would be gone since it is printed in the screen protector and not in the glass (??????!!!!!!).  Anyway, I decided to retire the front screen protector and leave the one in the back.  I lost the logo (which doesn't really bothered me), but the screen looks perfect and the glass is really good with scratches.Overall, I am very satisfied with this phone and would recommend it to anyone.

I originally purchased an Xperia Z from TMobile to do away with contracts, but immediately learned that I wouldn't be able to utilize Google Voice this way. TMobile has their own internet calling service built into the phone that won't hand over the reigns to any other application. It was about this time that I looked into an unlocked device and the Z1 was only $100 more, so I decided to take the  plunge.I'm very happy I did. The Z was a snappy device and not bad looking but this phone takes it to the next level in terms of feel and design. Its faster in terms of applications as well, with a faster processor and just overall feels like a sturdy, expensive piece of kit. The addition of the camera dedicated button is awesome as it makes taking pictures much easier and feels more like a real point and shoot. I also love flaunting the waterproof abilities of the phone to my amazed friends.Overall Sony has managed to make a device that looks, feels, and performs like a high-end, expensive device should.

My expectations were met..Am pretty much happy with the experience..

Very nice phone with great display and camera. Price is very reasonable comparing to other brands

So recent phones I've had include:*Note 2+ Amazing Battery, S-Pen- Thick, Had a hardware issue with headphone jack*HTC ONE+ Loudest, snappy, good battery, most premium, and best screen- Easy to scratch, not too many cover choices*Galaxy S4+ Great Dev support, slimmest, and lightest-  LAGGY with factory Touchwiz setupNow the Sony Z1! This phone is a beast! Out of the past phones this one is all of the positives combined! Has the battery of the Note Series, the premiem materials of the HTC ONE, and the Dev support of the S4. When I first opened this phone I loved how nice it felt in my hand. Now the phone wasn't perfect though! I believe the model I received was for a German T-mobile carrier. It had a bit of bloat, but was neutralized after I flashed factory 4.2.2 firmware. Since then it's been dead reliable and is often a conversation starter! If you're not getting data or LTE, make sure your APN settings are correct under the settings. Okay on with the review, It's battery lasts me all day (5-6hr screen on time @ 15hr+ overall life). If you're not getting near those figures make sure you cycle the battery a few times (Cycle = full charge to 0 percent battery). Then there's the Sony Camera. It performs great and shoots excellent quality photos. It's waterproof and dust proof. The only con of this phone is the tiny sound it produces, but his is the trade off for being water proof.The only other Android snapdragon competitors are G2, Nexus 5, and the Galaxy Note 3. Overall, the device is great and durable. I'd highly recommend it to people who are interested in a mature and elegant phone.**Update** I found out I have a dead pixel where the captive buttons are on the bottom part of the screen. I am a little upset that I only had this phone for a few weeks and had this problem. I enjoyed my short ownership with it, but I am upset a $600 device would suffer from this. If it were't for this I'd give the phone 5 stars.- Derek

This is something than I expected. I love this design. It gives the Honami a very minimalist, yet luxurious design. Now I do not have to worry about water spills with my mobile. It is water proof!!!!Everything on it's display is very clear and sharp. X-Reality software engine enhances the image and video quality. Also this awesome mobile has a 32GB storage, 2GB memory and a 20.7Mp camera!!! What else you want? I just forget buying a tab as I got this. This is totally awesome!!!!

Had enough of iPhone's BS and finally decided to get a real decent cell phone. I was so excited to receive my new Xperia z1. However, I was so disappointed after two-month of using it. The phone looks awesome, and is really fast. But as noticed by other owners, the phone has a yellow hue tint and after 2 updates the problem is still not fixed. Search online and you will see how terrible it looks like. Also, the supposed-super-stunning camera was not stunning at all. There is always black dots on the picture. No matter how I try, the camera lens just could not get the right amount of light. When I am videoing, the camera keeps losing focus and trying to refocus. My wife's old Galaxy s3 doesn't have any of these problems.I thought the several software updates will take care of the problems, but NOOOOOOO! Nothing ever fixed the problem. Now I missed my deadline of returning. No more sony product anymore. Will not recommend it to any of my friends and family.

cell really is very good, but do not hold a fall from a chair, and that she was with her case, a penalty aver lost U $ S 800 on 50 cm tall, I parese the screen and all would have to endure more .regardsHernan EtchegoyenArgentina

The title say 4g LTE phone, but they shipping the C6902 model, this is only 3G. That doesn't work for me at all. My old phone is 3G also, I spend $650 for nothing.They don't permit to choose the right model for you. I feel cheated

I recently purchase my Z1 from another online store. Here are some pros bout the Z1 20MP CAMERA, water proof dust resistance IP CERTIFIED which is the best feature on the phone. I got a lot of compliments. 2nd is the battery life. as long you turn off your data on your phone your battery will last all day which I always do. When I listen to my music or watch videos/movies on my Z1 i come home down to 50% usage battery life left over. I currently use net10 service powered by AT&T which have LTE to replace my previous carrier AT&T which over charges on data and calling. I have a 32GB sd micro card but you can expand it up too 128GB memory. The only bad thing bout the Z1 is you CAN'T REMOVE the battery which I have no complaints on. Plus if you drop your phone the screen gets scratches which i have minor but not damage and i recommend that you BUY  A CASE for this glass covered body which is made from TEMPERED glass still very fragile. Overall i have this phone since OCT 13' never have any issues. just make sure when you get it up date your phone which i have 4.4.2 KIT KAT. You have to install the MEDIA GO MANAGER if you want to organize your music plus update your ANDROID OS through SONY PC COMPANION. When you install the PC COMPANION make sure all your browsers is close and any other folders are close too cause it will take a while for your phone to update by USB plug in since SONY DON'T do OVA ( OVER THE AIR update). After all this phone is the best Android device I've ever own never looking back. And always buy their flagship device it will get the updated ANDROID OS first before u buy the mid range device.

Excellent phone so far. Love it. Will update review later on once I get used to using it and familiarize myself with it

I did not buy my xperia Z1 here but my review might be useful to prospective buyers. First of all, I come from a S4 which was pretty good but way to slow to my liking. In contrast, the Z1 is really fast and never freezes. I just love it. The screen is not a AMOLED but still, it's good enough for me. The camera has tons of possibilities. The 4 stars is due to the glass screen that tends to scratch way too easily, although it supposed to be reinforced glass. Also, the speaker for the ear should be lower on the phone. It is currently located at the very top very edge of the phone, which is kind of weird. You need a little use to. Otherwise, I am definetely a xperia user and will never go back to Samsung.

It is amazing phone, I wish Sony just decrease the bezils surrounding the screen ,but overall it is flawless.

First off, if you are looking for a Camera phone, DO NOT READ THIS.  This is a Smart Phone, for the soul purpose of being a GREAT ANDROID device.  You want a Camera and a phone, and that is it, get the Lumia.With the current specs on this phone, I am impressed.  The phone is fast all by itself.  You add LTE it, and I say the price is well worth it.REMEMBER...this is the C6903 model.  This model does not work on ATT and Verizon LTE band.  It will only work on TMobile.  If you want ATT or Verizon, get the C6906. I recommend that model with ATT and Verizon, as TMobile sucks.The casing is heavy like everyone says.  To me that means it is well made and will not break if you accidentally sit on it.  Samsung is all plastic, and even though you can drop it and it wont get scuffed, you can break it or warp it easily.  The water resistance is great.  Yes you have to deal with a few flaps, but it is worth it to know my phone can get wet from rain or whatever and it is still safe.I have enjoyed this phone since day one, and now that I have the Smart Watch with it, I love it even more.When you decide to buy...ENJOY!

The phone is excellent except for a few little issues. First, when I first received the phone it would get really hot to the touch. Sony released a firmware update to address this issue. At first the issue was not getting resolved to I reset and reinstalled the update and that seems to do the trick. The battery life is awful. An update to fix this issue needs to be released. The battery went from 100% to 90% in minutes. The only other option for this issue is to put it on stamina mode. Even then the battery still drain quickly. The camera is nice. Its not amazing like some other reviews describe it. Its hard to focus and looks grainy. I had a Note 3 and definitely regret having changed it for this phone. Be careful when purchasing this device.

I have been using this phone for about a month.Long story short, I read every z1 review on the internet before buying this phone. I was scared to buy it but in the end it turns out all the negative reviews were just from haters.The camera is awesome. The best android camera period.I think the only con was that one time a tiny spot on the screen stopped working for like 20 seconds and then it started working again. Everything works perfectly now. Another small complaint is that the speakers arent as loud after they get wet.All in all if I was a teacher and I was testing this phone and the highest score would be 100, I would give this phone a score of 120.100 points for being awesome. And 20 bonus points for extra awesome.Best phone in the whole world.

VERY GOOD

Hello everybody.This is the best smartphone at this momment (March 2014) due the next features: full HD 1080p screen resolution, quad core 2.2GHz with one of the best mobile GPU, water resistant, etc.Be aware if you want to symplify your life with the docking magnetic charger like this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FZM38J8/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 wich has been working flawless all this time.Thanks SONY for a good replacement of my old and nice Xperia Play.

This smartphone is one of the best eletronics I've ever bought. The camera is really good and I still had no problmes while using it in the water.

Excellent telephone, the purchase took place without any hitches, is a team with the best technology, I recommend it, not regret

Ok, here I go and I'm going to say a few things,Camera is perfect!! The reason why some people might say that a 13mp camera phone might produce better results is because those phones do not have true Hd 1080p screens!! You can see every imperfection with this screen Cuz it's just that good, other phones are not good enough to see the smallest pixels to the dot. Take these photos and load them on a computer and they are look professionaly finished!Color saturation is amazing!!  beats every phone and it's comparable to Hd TV's... Sony is just that good with technology.The att and Verizon model are not out anywhere in the world so the c6906 does not exist!!!!!!!  it's in the bluebooks but Sony doesn't plan on rolling them out soon.... Shows how little some people know!This phone is crazy fast and is very elegant and sturdy.This phone is comparable to the lumia 1020. The lumia uses a 5mp camera hardware and it's the software along with a slightly bigger camera sensor that makes the photos DIGITALLY 40 megapixels, the xperia has true 20 mp hardware built into the phone.The phone does not have sharp corners, are you kidding me? They're rounded fairly well...I've gotten stopped around 15 times in the first week of having this phone because people were that amazed by it.Oh, and also....  the video on this phone is phenomenal. According to some websites, only a Gopro Hero 3 has better video quality than this. Sony knows what they are doing.

Sony!!I think its the best smartphone at the moment on market!- Top Cam- Nice Style- Waterproofand so on...Thanks Sony!

The Sony xperia Z1 is just great. Those 4 cores work perfectly, the camera is very nice. One of the best cell phones around
