
After 3 weeks the phone completely shut down. No power or without battery. Piece of crap phone has now been returned for a full refund.

The phone is amazing for the price. The camera is no bad but also no so good. Anyway I love my blu advance. The seller is excellent, I recommend it.

The battery is not good. It will drop immediately after making a few phone calls.The Ear Piece Port on the phone will stop working almost immediately which very bad for people who want to make conversation using an earpiece or listen to music. I fully regret for buying this phone and i couldn't return it back as i have throw away the cartoon it came with.

Update (July 10th, three months from purchase): The headphone jack no longer recognizes when I plug in headphones / aux port for my car. Music continues to play out of the loudspeaker.-----------------I've noticed the touch-sensitivity along the edge of this phone does not often work. In order to press an on-screen button, I have to press it multiple times, sometimes mashing my entire finger on the screen in the hopes that it'll detect.An additional problem I have with this phone is the quality of the camera. I enjoy using my phone to remotely deposit bank checks and take up-close photos of documents. However, this phone is unable to do either. It is unable to focus on very close objects, and the resulting images are extremely blurry. I would not recommend this phone for someone who takes up close photographs.

It's really a very good phone, I say this as someone who had a Xeria X10 and then a HTC One X.Losing my HTC One X I decided to look for a unlocked phone without affecting my bank account. I found on Amazon the Blu Advance 4.0 and at first I was a little skeptical. That is why I was inquiring on various websites and found out  that was a very good phone and his only fault was that the screen resolution, was still not quite sure because the resolution is something very important to me (more than the processor) and so I found some videos on youtube where it showed.I must say, after almost a month of use, the phone has exceeded all my expectation:1 ) do not see what the problem is with the screen because it looks perfect, it's a little discom when viewed at an angle but I'd rather see directly the screen of my phone XD2) The interface is completely smooth due to its use pure Android 4.2, and has no additive from the manufacturer3) coverage is better than the HTC One X4) The battery is more than enough5) have been able to download any game I wanted to play .

Do yourself a huge favor and spend a little more to get the Moto G.  It is so much better in so many ways.First the Moto G has a MUCH better screen.  The Advance 4.0 has a screen that only looks decent if you look at it straight on. If you tilt the phone the image will wash away.  You will not want to browse the web or do anything that involves using the screen often because you will hate to look at it. Second, the speakerphone works only so so.  You will not want to use it because the sound is so muffled and low.  Third, because the screen is so cheap it attracts fingerprints like crazy so you will be cleaning it very often.  And finally, the battery life on this phone is horrible.  I turned off Wi-Fi, disabled all services and email, turned off blue tooth, disabled 3G and even installed the Battery Doctor App and put my phone to sleep at 100% charge.  After 2 days of doing nothing but sleeping the phone was down to only 18%!  That is atrocious considering they say the phone should last far longer in idle mode.Finally, there are no plans to ever update this phone to KitKat. The CEO of BLU basically said that if you want a more advanced OS then go and get a better phone.  When I emailed BLU they just gave me a canned response.  It appears that BLU is more concerned about releasing new phones (They have like 36 different phones!) rather than supporting and updating the phones that people already use.  Spend a little more and get the Moto G or even the Moto E and you will be soooo much happier. And both the Moto G and the Moto E come with the latest version of KitKat out of the box!

I like it!!! It works great:PROS:+ Convenient price, I was looking for a phone with longlasting battery.+ Android 4.2 ... same performance as other expensive phones like Samsung+ 5.0 mp camera... I've made great photos!!!+ Wireless conection works fast without any problems;+ Decent speakers... I also use it for listening music from YouTubeCONS:+ Front camera (secundary) really sucks... I prefer dont use it+ Something everybody should know (it happens in all smartphones, all marks, its a &#34;massive&#34; fraud): description talks about 4 GB internal memory storage but the phone only shows 1.24 GB. The sellers never say that Android software decrease significantly available memory, so you are obligated to buy a SD card.+  An Android system defect: it's designed more like minitablet than a phone... when you're in a call and look for some data in your phone, its difficult get back to the call for hang up.

Great buy, excellent product, has everything I need and has met my expectations perfectly. high speed and resolution, acceptable memory

With the price, you can't really go wrong. Processor is best in class. Even better than moto E and even social drive

I bought it for my dad, and he seems to like it. It works well, and has all functions a smart phone needs.

there are 3 things I DO NOT LIKE AT ALL, ONE, THIS PHONE IS ADVERTISED AS 4G, IT IS NOT. THE BOX SHOWS 3Gno descrition about LanguagesALSO THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE,... no answer

Very good phone it is best to come to me thanksGood good good I recommend is an excellent phone very fast

I had an iPhone 4 which I absolutely loved. But I dropped it on tile and broke the screen. I couldn't afford a new one, so after searching online; I decided to go with this. And I'm not impressed at all.1. The back is a huge pain to try to take off. When I had to put my battery in for the first time, I had to pry it off with a screwdriver.2. The battery doesn't last long at all. When I had the iPhone, I could go all day on my phone and still have life left. With this phone, I have to charge it at least twice a day.3. You have to look directly at the phone to be able to see the screen. If you angle it, it just looks black.4. The camera is horrible. Not only is the lighting way off, but most pictures are constantly blurry. Going back to #3, you also have to keep the camera positioned a certain way (and in the light) or else your pictures turn out completely dark and horrible.5. It's very confusing to navigate. I've had this phone for a few months and I still can't figure out how to do many of the functions on it. So I really only text, play games and call the occasional person.The one good thing is that the speakers are loud. I love to listen to music in the shower. The iPhone 4 was super quiet. This one is pretty good at letting me hear the song and lyrics!Overall, I regret spending the $90 on this. It isn't worth it at all.

I just received the white version of the phone (January, 2014; it took a few days from the Florida location to get across the country).Here are some pluses and minuses that I have experiencedso far:Pluses: +===================For my purposes, I needed a phone that would both work with Wind Mobile (1700 band) and also T-Mobile, ATT, Simple mobile, etc.While it feels and looks cheap (I wish I could find another case for it to correct that), it is reasonably fast.Also, it was really easy to root with 'framroot 1.81'.Price point: for under $100 what can you say, it gets the job done as a travel phone if you need it. IMHO (Wow! This is the first time using a hispter acronym, I embarrassed), I'd say you're better off with an unlocked Iphone 4 (craigslist $100 +) for traveling with Apple's build quality, unless again, you have a particular good reason (i.e. band) to get this.The packaging is nice enough -- comes with charger, ear buds, silicone extra case and screen protector, which I have yet to apply).Minuses: -s====================Compared to my daily cheap phone (a Motorolla Defy XT557) which is really quite solid, this is a much, much cheaper build.This (China) Blu is like my B1000 China phone that I previously used. Similar to the B1000, the touch screen is so-so responsive, good enough, but not up to the big brand minimum standards of both touch and build. Thus, if you had a phone like the B1000, this is not worth the upgrade unless you have a reason like I did (1700 band).Neutral: *=======================The back half doesn't look as cheap as the front.I kind of like itThe newer system (Android 4.2.2) doesn't feel as 'mentally' quick as my Defy XT. There is something about the spacing, coloring of the system access that seems off a bit. That's a really minor quibble by the way, and pretty subjective at that.Software used:====================1) I use Launcher Pro Plus (an antiquated but really, really quick launcher). I can't report yet on the voice quality, but the web browsing has been reasonable enough.2) I played with Talkatone for free wifi voip calls (and that's good until May, 2014 given the xmpp stuff that is being discontinued from google) and that worked pretty good over WiFi.3) I use Link2SD (after the one click root method described above) and now there's much more of the 1GB internal memory left.Other tid bits:====================The price is a bit funky; all the press releases advertise if for $89 but I ended up paying $94.99 with shipping (which I suppose is alright). I've also seen it going for about $10 more than I paid. I say funky because I would have loved it if the big brand stores and sites (Amazon, Best Buy, etc.) matched the scores of PR releases about the phone and then gotten free shipping. Atlas, not the case.Also, I might have bought the next one up (the Studio 5 which is pr'd for $139 but sells for a fair amount higher than that).I'll update once I actually use it as a phone.:)

I purchased this phone for the dual SIM - I have both work and personal USA ATT accounts so now I don't have to carry two phones with me. It worked for talk and SMS text right out of the box however you must call or chat with ATT tech support to register the IMEI number(s) on the box to connect to 3G data for the internet and multimedia texting. FYI there are two IMEI numbers on the box. The first one is for SIM #1 and the second is for SIM #2.

I phone n it didn't even work. After being so happy ordering it. N it was my first time shopping on line

Excellent presentation, light, is a ver y good option with an excellent price! I recomended i have 2 blu phone and they are excellent

My phone is everything I expected. It works fine. If forced to make a negative comment, the screen smudges but can be cleaned.

I bought this phone to upgrade from my AT&T; GoPhone Avail (ZTE-Z990). I didn't actually have much of a problem with the Z990, except for one thing: it only had 130MB usable space for installing apps. Even 4 years ago (when I originally bought it) that was considered a minuscule amount of space. After doing everything I could to get around this problem, I finally gave up and decided to find a new phone.The BLU Advance 4.0 has 1.27GB of space for apps (the other 2.72GB is for the Android OS). I know that's still pretty small by today's cell phone standards but it's a HUGE upgrade to me. I can't tell you how wonderful it is to be able to download and install all the apps I want, plus some I never had the option of installing before. (I still use AppMgr Pro III. It lets me know what programs I can move to my external SD card. Out of the 26 apps I've installed, 11 were able to be moved to my SD card. At 37 apps I've only filled half the 1.27GB with the help of AppMgr.)I switched to T-mobile (from AT&T;) with this phone. I was pleasantly surprised that I didn't have to touch any settings to get this phone to work with T-mobile. Call, text, and data all loaded automatically when I installed the SIM card. I'm told HSPA+ is 4G. If that's the case then this phone DOES get 4G (as well as 3G and 2G). Reception for cell and data are, of course, entirely dictated by location. I've been very fortunate thus far, all things considered (I live in Wyoming, lol).I was pleasantly surprised to see there was absolutely no &#34;bloatware&#34; on this phone. I LOVE IT. There's something immensely satisfying knowing that not one bit of memory is being wasted on an app I don't want. Other than standard Google stuff (which is part and parcel with Android), you only get the basics. Everything else you can customize and tweak to your hearts content. Fantastic!The screen is bright and crisp and it's 4&#34; (the &#34;sweet spot&#34; for phone screens as far as I'm concerned). The up and down viewing angle is horrid though. Just a slight tilt and the colors are completely washed out. (Right and left are fine though.) And, of course, direct sunlight makes the screen unviewable. (My Z990 did the same thing, so I'm use to that.) Straight on view, though, and the screen is lovely.Sadly, the only upgrade I got with the camera on this phone was having a flash. Otherwise it's the exact same as the Z990, if not a little worse. (The auto-focus/focus is middling at best on this phone. It doesn't seem to focus at all with things up-close.)The touch screen is fine. It's no better or worse than other touch screens I've used. That is to say, using a keyboard can be a pain. Swiftkey is how I get around this and I recommend others either get Swiftkey or an app similar to it. (I've heard people have problems with the stock dialer too, their cheek accidently hitting the end-call button. I recommend getting an alternative dialer if that's an issue for you. ExDialer is pretty good.)Speakers are loud enough. If you're in a crowded or noisy place you'll have difficulty (headphones or bluetooth headset might be in order). Minor complaint here: They have one of the worst speakerphone placements I've ever seen.They have the speaker in the lower back (!!) area of the phone... you know... the part of the phone you cover with your hand to hold it? So if you want to listen to music or have hand-free talking, you'll have to hold the phone from the top (!!!!!) or put it screen-side down. I have adapted but it's a very strange and inconvenient design decision on BLU's part.Battery life is OK. It really depends on what you're doing with the phone and how many apps are running in the background. I've not had it die on me yet, but I do make it a point to charge it at night and I have a charger in my car just in case. Also, if you're curious, battery replacements are available. Go to BLU's Amazon Store Front and check their Accessory page to find it.I got a screen protector, protective silicone case, and a earbuds with this phone (along with the standard charger and manual). I tried to use the screen protector but I didn't clean the phone well enough and ended up ruining it. Oh well. The phone itself has a slippery plastic feel to it, so the silicone case is useful as it gives the phone &#34;grip&#34;. I haven't tested the earbuds but they seem sturdy and of good quality.Speaking of the outside of the phone... it's lovely looking. Someone mentioned it looked cheap in the reviews. I guess that depends on where you're coming from. Having used a Z990 for the last 4 years, the Advance 4 is practically a work of art by comparison. The back is particularly cool looking. (I wish the silicone case was the same color as the phone, or see-through, because it's a shame to have it all covered up.)At $82 this is a perfect phone. There are no &#34;deal breaking&#34; issues for me. All the minor annoyances I can either get around or live with. If this phone also proves to be durable (I haven't had it long), I'll be a BLU customer for life. :)

It's a good choice for a low price, if you don't have too much budget to get an unlocked smart cell phone.Many apps can be installed and the speed is good, as well the voice quality. The Dual SIM is awesome, if you are using two phone numbers. Totally, I was satisfied.However, I found some drawbacks since i use it for two months.1. its RAM is only 512MB, so too many apps can't be open.2. Sometimes it stuck in the start screen "BLU" when it was open after shut down. But it will be fine, my solution is that I unload the battery and restart it again.3. Nowdays, the camera fail to work, and it says "Unfortunately, Gallery has stopped". it seems the same problem for other andriod phone. I'm trying to figure it out.

Thank you very much. I'm very happy with the item received. Is perfect, the phone works very well and quickly.

Good phone, excellent product!. This model meets my expectations, I love the design and color. I love the capacity of the internal memory to install applications of my preference...

Great phone  and to compare price much better. Perfect relation price quality. All include in the box. Fast for your price.

Had to return this to the dealer in 7 days for the following reasons:Not compatible with AT&T;Zero customer servicehorrible call quality when I finally got it to work with T-Mobileextremely slow internetWiFi stays in for 15 seconds at a time before breakingScreen resolution is horrible.camera us a Mike delivers blurred and unclear images.This should be taken of the market.

are very responsible, they will recommend the can buy with confidence

Although you may think &#34;It is a cheap phone&#34; IMHO it works very very nice:  It could be compared to mid-up level phones such as Samsung Ace, LG 3 & 5 Huawei, etc. It comes with Android 4.2 just you take it outside the box (which  is a plus); nice main camera (and it does have a secondary one for video call services); memory slot, removable battery -a little to weak for a day of medium-hard use.- you barely arrive and the end of a 8/10 hours' day- but again: the battery is removable; so, you may buy a second one if you wish.It uses dual sim card (but only one gets 3G capabilities) so check you operator' 3G band.

when I got this phone I love it but then when I started to load the apps I was disappointed with the shortness of time the battery runs out.I hope that the manufacturers can fix this problem if they do I will definitely get a next one

I bought it for a gift. It worked perfectly. Android 4.2.2 and has a very nice look. Excellent phone for the price.

This phone is excelente. Good price, good features. I have it compared with a Huawei Y300-0151, Samsung Galaxy S7562 and Samsung S6802. I can say it works fine and it runs smoothly over internet better that I mentioned before. I ordered a Samsung GalaxyGalaxy Grand 2 G7102 I hope it works better than all other I have had. Beware Samsung Galaxy S7562 and Samsung S6802 frezees a lot an Galaxy S6802 worked fine for 6 month, after thats well...

Excellent price performance rate the phone is ver y affordable for my personal business goals. Useful and flexible ROM memory

It is really nice Android phone. Works fine without problem... In short, it is worth for its price. I recommend this phone

It is easy to use and work well especially when I use it to surf the internet. It would be perfect, if it equip a better camera.

I have a BLU Studio 5.0 which I love, so I thought this would be great too. The specs are decent, the reviews are good, and the price is right, so I took a chance. I was very disappointed as soon as I powered the phone on. I noticed right away that unless I held the phone at the perfect angle, I couldn't see what was on the screen. I saw another reviewer mention this issue, but I had no idea it would be as bad as it is. I would honestly suggest spending a few more dollars and getting the BLU Studio 5.0 as it doesn't suffer from this issue.

Excelent performance, smooth and fast

Need to go overseas and AT&T made accuse not to unlock my phone.  Bought this unlock phone and it worked fine.  Do not compare it with the brand name product with double or triple the price, then you won't be disappointed.  The most disadvantage feature of this phone is the capacity of the battery.  With automatic power off from 1:00am to 7:00am, turning on WiFi, no bluetooth, I can barely get 24 hr standby time.  With more heavy useages on the phone, you have to charge twice per day.  And I can't locate any offer for a backup battery.

Dear seller,I could not find your email. I received blu Advance 4.0 Unlocked Dual Sim phone from you on 06/19/14. I purchased it on 06/11/14. When it is arrived on 06/19/14 I went to the cell phone service and the phone was working right. I use white phone.Couple days ago I was talking to my friend and your phone dropped the phone calls 3 times within 5 minutes. Today BLU Advance 4.0 Unlocked Dual SIM phone dropped 5 phone calls within 3 minutes. I think there is something wrong with your phone. Could you, please, send me another one to change? Thank you, Tatsiana Seibel.

THIS IS A PERFECT CELL PHONEI JUST THINK IT'S PERFECT.IT'S LIKE USE A SAMSUNG S3THIS IS A PERFECT AND USEFUL CELL.I RECOMMNED 100%

I've had this phone for about a month and I absolutely love it. I'm new the world of smartphones and wanted something inexpensive but that wouldn't look, feel, or act cheap. I did tons of research over the course of a few weeks and found this phone. I liked the ratings it go on other sites and with other online cell phone researchers. My husband has a Galaxy S2 and this phone does everything and more than the Galaxy does. It's very fast, I've never had a dropped call, wifi connectivity is excellent, the battery usage is great. There are 2 slots for sim cards but I only use one. There is also a slot for a micro sd card. It's extremely easy to use the phone and all of the apps I wanted were quick to download from the google play store. The screen is bright and I have had no issues with seeing it from the side as some others have said they have. I can watch videos, take great pics, take video. I have absolutely no complaints at all. I did end up buying a new screen saver as the one that came with the phone didn't work out too well for me but Amazon made that right with me. The case is fine, nothing fancy but it fits the phone and protects it. Overall, I highly recommend the phone and am considering buying a second one for a family member. I've shown the phone to several friends who are tech &#34;nerds&#34; and they love it. One of them even bought one and is thrilled with it.

I REPAIR MY OLD GALAXY NOTE 1 AND I WILL SALE THIS NEW CELL PHONE WITHOUT USING A BIT. IT LOOKS NICE

Every thing was packaged properly and reached on time,I gave it four stars because viewing angles are not good,display looks washed out,but if you are looking at the display head on you will no problems,display is good

This is a great little phone. The dual-simm makes travelling back and forth between 2 countries easy. It gets all the apps I need and tbe battery last longer then previous phones.

I am not a phone expert nor specialist. I just use it. This white Blu Advance 4 phone feels good in the hand, it is pretty. It is light weight. It comes with all you can expect from a smartphone. Android 4 is user friendly. Booklet instructions are easy to follow. It came with earphones, a protective screen, a rubber case and a USB cable and sector battery charger. It instantly.connected to my home WIFI and to my network (discount Blackwireless provider connecting to the AT&T network),  Great phone features. All works fine. More expert phone users around me say it is a great phone. Factory unlocked, it comes with a US warranty.

I am amazed at the quality of the phone! Very good graphics. Comes with screen protector, silicone case and all accessories! Strongly recommended!

bien

It is advertised correctly. It wants to be a mid-level android with a starter phone price. Great price with charge cord, protective no-slip case, screen protector and wired headset. Biggest disappointment is the screen. Watching any video, you have to turn the screen just the right way to view in comfortably. Reminds me of old rear projection TVs that you had to sit in front of set to see everything. Using it with a Net10 T-Mobile tower sim card, that was installed. Hated to lose the Verizon towers but with Net10s limited Verizon tower phones this seemed a good way to go. Last item, Net10 website advertises these phones as having 4G speeds and the specs state 4G. The phone itself states 3G.

I bought this phone 3 weeks ago and I can not figure out why it won't send or receive pic messages or video calls on straight talk network could someone please help!!

It pasted my expectation its great just like samsubg galaxy It is a 4g an I would tell every one about this phone

Nice phone. Can do without the humming sound.

I experienced a lot of dropped calls with this phone. I returned It after having it for a week. I don' NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

I just acquired this phone, it being my first ever &#34;Blu&#34; purchase. I almost immediately discovered that you cannot buy an extra battery for this model phone. I contacted about 10 public cell phone accessory websites as well, to no avail.  I contacted Blu Products who referred me to their preferred dealer who handles all of the accessories for Blu Products. Upon contacting them they stated they do NOT have a battery for the Blu Advance 4.0. I am currently trading emails with Blu Products (after spending over one hour listening to music when calling them direct - finally gave up and hung up) to try and find out if this situation could possibly be true.  Beware - I am telling you that if you purchase this phone - and want to subsequently buy a back up and/or additional battery - my advice is to look elsewhere.

I compare this phone with expensive phones. I like it. It works nice.

The design, functionality and usability of this Blu Phone is comparable to any other expensive branded phone. It works great! Its easy to use, the screen is crystal clear and it came with accessories that I didn't have to pay for but would sorely need to protect the phone. Its stylish and I love it! Why would I pay more for a phone, this was seriously a wholesale price. It does everything the other phones do at a better price. I'm glad I bought it.

I bought this phone for one of my sisters.Had great feedback from the one I bought for my husband  so I got her the same phone just got it in white.Delivery was fast and I can say I'm pleased with this purchase and so is she.

I love this phone. I had to have a phone quickly after my expensive Samsung died on me. I was not under contract and did not want to incest $600 so I opted to give this phone a try after reading the reviews and boy am I glad I did. I am very impressed with this phone and I love that it has two SIM card slots. I travel out of the country for family reunions and this will be perfect! Great buy!!

Good starter phone does the basics well, the package arrived in decent time, and condition. The phone is not thin a bit too bulky but feels good in the hand, thank you.

The phone's touch screen and buttons work great. Voice and sound quality is great as well. However, Camera is completely useless, and the viewing angles are way way too narrow, even indoors. Apart from that, the phone runs really smooth with no delay or lag. A great deal if you can get it around 80 bucks.

great phone, high quality will buy second one, when need new phone. great screen size and light weight, battery life is great

is a good phone

Does what my galaxy does pretty good phone

Excellent phone. The white one is particularly nice as it comes with a dark protective case, the contrast between the black and white is brilliant. The phones functions, all of them, excel in every way. I've added the Opera Browser and Skype, both work extremely well and took mere seconds to download, very fast. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone for both work and play.

EXCELENTE...

me gusto

This phone serves its purpose. I've had it for over a month and have had no problems with it.Buyers should beware that this product runs a custom ROM, and is incompatible with a lot of root programs because of this. There are also no custom roms compatible with this. Not an issue for the basic user but quite an annoyance to a more advanced user.Also the battery life is great. No bloatware on this custom ROM, keyboard is nice. There's also a lack of settings on this ROM.

it was a gift , my nephew liked it, he said it works good.

I brought this phone for my husband whom is not into the android and touchscreen however, he was able to easily learn the phone and now use to the touchscreen. He loves the phone and it was a good price. Kind of looks like a mini samsung phone.

I bought this phone as a gift and I liked it so much, that I wish I had one myself. Great bang for the buck. You won't regret this purchase at all.

So far is excellent phone. Comes with Android 4.2.2. and Google Play store. Overall beats my expectations. If anything goes wrong I'll update my review. But so everything is fine.

I rec'd this phone on Weds after ordering it from Amazon. Out of the box was impressed by simple yet nice looking device and soft plastic case & earbuds it comes with. Inserting sim card and battery was a breeze although getting the back plastic off was a bit of a struggle.The phone itself is pretty basic and easy to navigate. standard android layout with everything Google you can poss think of pre-loaded. some of the apps don't work as well or seamlessly as they should though. weather channel app for example opens and searches for location but never seems to do anything so even though its my fave source for weather I had to delete it. never had this issue on other phones. Spotify works well and streams nicely although sometimes will quit and shut down. Speaker is loud and sound quality is good. web browsing is fine, but images and pages do look slightly pixelated (its an 85 dollar phone) battery seems really decent so far, but I really don't use my phone all that much it usually just sits idle.camera seems ok, not great but not terrible either. My main complaint so far is that the touchscreen isn't as responsive as it should be. also virtual keyboard is too small, that is the letters are small and too close together. I have small female hands and pretty small fingers and find typing on it to be a clumsy affair. often having to go back and delete/retype letters. also small complaint is that the power button sits on the right side at the top which feels like an awkward place to have it. that button should be on top where you can easily click it with index finger or if on the side somewhere near where thumb lands when it sits in your hand. I really find myself fumbling around trying to find it when I wanna lock or unlock it from being idle. Other than that the screen and colors are sharp and it's really light, feels nice to carry around and looks like a nice expensive phone. Got mine in white since that is a much less common color unless you have iphone, don't see many in this shape and color. no regrets even though I went back and forth trying to decide between this and the Samsung Exhibit which sells at Walmart for their prepaid plan or MetroPCs, and is compatible with Tmobile. They're basically the same with only difference being that Samsung has 4G and Blu doesn't and Samsung screen is 3.8 while mine is 4.0. Kinda wonder if Samsung would have been better quality but don't really have any regrets in buying this phone.May 17 UPDATEafter about a month and a half of light but constant use I have to say I am not that impressed with the phone's basic functions. Biggest complaint is *dropped calls* I can't tell if it is the sensitivity of touchscreen hitting my cheek when I talk but it is literally impossible to have a convo without it abruptly ending. it's not that fast even though I have Tmobile and could be enjoying 4G. its also pretty heavy, which normally I dont mind but it just seems way to bulky carrying it around. will always open windows and apps when its in my purse or pocket. I will try to sell online soon and switch to another phone with some real muscle.

The price was low comparing to competing devices so I was expecting some notable drawbacks but I've seen nothing so far !

It's a great productos. It doesn't need to be charged every 10 hours.It work ptrfectly well with 3G un Argentina.

I like the phone. It works well beyond my expectation. The sound is not as high volume as the phone I had before. Thank you.

Excellent value for the money. only complaint is network capability is 4G NOT 4GLTE. There is a difference and AT&T skipped over 4G so I only can use 3G. I know this is confusing but still a very nice phone.

When I was ordering I was a bit price sensitive.  I knew very little about Blu Phone.  I ordered with the benefit of doubt.When I received the phone, to my surprise it surpassed my expectations.  It is a very user friendly phone and easy to operate.I love it.  So far I cannot complain.

Nothing beats this phone in bang for the buck, unless you're willing your luck on craigslist or ebay. Came with a screen protector and a case, as well as a wall charger. I bought this phone for my home business, and I've actually come to use it more than my iPhone 4s. The processor and hardware is speedy enough to handle most business tasks (Calendar, email, interface flows smoothly). Nothing amazing, but no lag, which is better than I expected. It accepted a generic, bottom of the barrel 32gb MicroSD card without a problem. Dual sim is great, I use it with two contract t-mobile sim cards and everything works like a charm; data, texting, voicemail and all. Android 4.2 is a good bonus. Browses the net and Facebook no worse than most mid-range phones for half the price. Really good as a basic smartphone or for business. Battery life is great, haven't benchmarked it yet but it is better than most. I would definitely recommend Blu to others.

I really like this phone, it's a good size and has everything you need, plus it's simple to operate, didn't need the manual at all hehe. Only prob was figuring which way and how to put in the sdcard but quickly figured it out, using with 1 sim so far, about will soon use with 2 sims and see how it goes, great phone and a great cost.

I love the features of the phone.  I've had various smartphones in the past and if based on features alone, its great.  Texting, apps, email, web, wifi all meet my expectations.I only gave 3 stars because it drops calls too often.  Almost every conversation I have is interrupted because the call is lost.  I would love to blame the provider but we have  other lines with them and they don't have the same problem.

This was the worse phone I have ever had and I have had some cheap phones.  It wouldn't down load pictures, it dropped EVERY call after a minute, it was not a phone it was a door stop with a battery.  I sent it back and got something different.

I have owned the Galaxy S3 for two years and I purchased this phone for my wife.  I can notice a little difference in the speed and it is much easier to type on the S3.  But for only $100 the differences are negligible.

I have done my research for the best smartphone that is unlocked and doesn't cost an arm and a leg. BLU phones definitely hold up to that standard. So far, I am happy with this phone. :)

It is an excellent phone, good size, good resolution, good speed android covers all my expectations.I am very happy

Pro's: Looks and feels like a high quality phone. Comes with ear buds, case, charger and screen protector. Worked perfect with my AT&T; SIM card. Screen is quick and responsive, games and apps run fine with no lag. Very comparable performance with my last two phones which were much more expensive Android phones.Cons: The LCD screen looks washed out at even a slight angle. The screen looks washed out if you try and use it outside.Overall this phone is a great value. I replaced my HTC Vivid that broke with this phone and I'm more than satisfied with what I got for $100.

To introduce myself, I had a Samsung Skyrocket S2 that decided to die on me at the end of last month, and then my backup phone (a cheap Chinese phone) decided to start dying too.  There's a phone I want to spend some money on coming out in the next few months, but I need something to get by and to act as a backup phone when I do make that purchase, so after some searching I settled for this one.  I listen to a lot of music on my phone, read email, do some app development of my own as a grad student, and occasionally watch videos on Youtube or use GPS to find some place I've never visited before.  All in all, barring development I'm a fairly gentle phone user but I also have some tech savvy to form a useful opinion.  When I looked up info on the Advance 4.0, I was able to find specs but not much in the way of useful reviews, so I tried to be as thorough writing this as possible.Design: The Advance 4.0 is bulky for a 4&#34; phone - it's nearly as large in length and width as my 4.5&#34; Samsung S2 Skyrocket, and it's thicker too.  The outside of the case is smooth plastic - it isn't slippery in the hand but it does attract fingerprints more than any other phone I've had.  However, the phone does come with an Otterbox-like case and a screen protector, and I'd recommend using both.  Inside under the battery are two SIM slots and an SD slot.  The SIM slots are easy to use and well-labelled but the SD slot frankly scares me.  It's flimsy and easy to bend and doesn't offer much protection to the card in the slot.  Add that to being under the battery and this isn't a phone for someone who likes to use multiple SD cards.  However, all of this is to be expected with a phone in this price range, and getting a case and screen protector included is a great deal.Performance: The MediaTek chip and 512mb of RAM in this phone might not be impressive compared to a flagship phone, but for day to day operation they perform admirably.  Multitasking is generally quick, Youtube and Google Maps load quickly and the phone is loaded with what is basically stock Jelly Bean, which is great.  There's no extra junkware to get rid of and the Play Store is ready to go.  I should note that I am not a phone gamer, but if you want a cell phone that can play high-end games this is probably not the phone for you.  Social games and the like should work fine (I only tried Angry Birds, hardly a tech demo game).Connectivity: The Advance 4.0's antenna is quite strong - I had trouble getting signal in my basement with my S2, but get 3 bars with this phone.  Bluetooth connectivity is similarly impressive - I was able to pair my headset immediately and had signal with my phone in one corner of the house all the way to the garage on the other side - 45 feet away through walls.  Data connectivity is flawless - both on wifi and 3g (the phone is compatible with HSPA+) are capped by my provider and ping was good per Speedtest.  3g tethering also works well - assuming your provider lets you do this.Battery: The Advance 4.0 comes with a 1600mah battery, which with the MediaTek chip should last a very long time.  To test, I unplugged the phone at 7AM yesterday, and for the entire day streamed music via wifi to my bluetooth headset - a double drain on the battery.  I also downloaded a variety of apps and podcasts and browsed the web some.  Then I left the phone on overnight, continuing to download more podcasts while I slept.  When I plugged it in at 7:30 this morning it still had 25% battery left.  For a budget phone this is outstanding.  I wouldn't normally listen to 12 hours of music like that, so there's no way I'm going to kill the battery unless I forget to charge it for two days.Screen:  ... and this is where the wheels come off.  The screen on this phone is just short of abysmal.  It's not that it's an 800x480 screen - I've had that resolution on other phones and they looked much better than this one.  The colors are distorted unless you are looking directly at the phone.  This isn't the usual complaint that reviewers have about viewing angles - you literally can't be tilting the phone at all or it's no good.  In addition, even if you are looking directly at it images and videos are grainy and just don't look right.  However, for normal phone navigation and app use it's adequate.  If you wanted to watch anything on your phone, you will be disappointed.  I'm lucky that my top use for a smartphone (streaming music) doesn't require much use of this screen.Conclusion:With a phone in this price range, something always has to give.  You either get an a phone that's still running Gingerbread, specs that are subpar, or a battery that can't make it through the day.  In this case it's the screen, but even that is really only so bad if you want to watch videos.  I expect later this year there will be a lot of competition for budget phones, but if you need a phone right now and only have $100 to spare this is not at all a bad choice.

Very hard to set up and I can't even go to the store for help and its very confusing I need help

The only thing i dont like is that the touch doesnt respond too well when the battery is low. Other than that the performance in general is ok. I bought this to try out android development and it has worked perfectly so far.

i was really suprise a 85 dollar phone work so well.. i live in venezuela and works really fine... dont over spent in andriods phone..

This is a great phone for the price, it has all features required for a android phone in this day &age;, nice decent screen, pretty fast speed, even though its only 512 MB, But have found 2 issues & for that reason I rated it only a 41) To insert the micro SD I have to remove the battery, pretty annoying2) The back cover (to insert battery or micro SD)  is tightly sealed, making it difficult to remove the cover, I have to be careful not to ruin itOtherwise I think its a great phone & great price.

The phone is exactly as described, the front facing camera doesn't have the best quality ever, however the back camera is pretty good.The battery life isn't the best I use all my social media and as a result I have to recharge after about 10 hours daily.its pretty good.

Does the job pretty good. Dual Sim is an added benefit. I hope it last long enough. Hotspot worked pretty good, its a basic smartphone good for first time learner.

I am in love with this phone.  I bought my BLU Advance 4.0  2 weeks now, it arrived within 3 days even though the prime is 2 day shipping but it did arrive on the day when they said it would, a few hours later but that's ok.  Now for the phone, it's super wonderful, the internet is super fast, voice search works perfectly, I especially love the keypad, love the message display and the screen is nice and bright.  BUT!... unfortunately I have to give a 4(four) because of the camera, it takes great pictures in the day but in the night, awful.  My 8 year old daughter said maybe the flash isn't bright enough. &#34;Maybe&#34;

excellent good team finished nothing to envy to a samsumg like all smartphones battery lasts barely a day depending on usage is to regulate the camera filming is good downloads are fast for wi fi. the selling price esbajo compared to other brands this blu I feel great and also brings its case and a screen protector that's fine because when looking at these accessories get very little for that phone Brand is a blu

This is a great price for an unlocked Android phone.  I use it for traveling overseas, where I purchase a local SIM card on arrival.  Love it.

I'm using this computer since February 8, 2013, I am very happy in the period that I am using have no complaints. I love this phone. I recommend it. Live Dominican Republic has an excellent signal.

For the price, its just too much. I like it and thats all. The only objection I have is that the battery gets very hot and keeps the cell phone hot.

Bought this entry-level phone for son, specs appear to be pretty good, phone in service for over a week, no problems noted so far; as others have pointed out, screen off-angle viewing is limited, but that's my only complaint. No problems with wi-fi or streaming apps, call quality good, camera (5mp with flash) reasonably high quality, installed micro sd card no problem either.  Dropped his AT$T  sim card right in, no probs. Came with silicone case - nice touch. Not much to complain about at this price point. Think these inexpensive unlocked android phones will change the market pretty soon, Blu is getting there first.UPDATE: 2 weeks now and I bought another for another kid. No problems (malfunctions) noted with either unit. You can fool around trying to get an inexpensive US-compatible Android phone from some other sites - but for the money, and given the specs of this unit, this phone is a good buy.

very good phone, it has nothing to envy to those of the famous brand.is highly recommended and takes great pictures

This phone was perfect. My daughter like how fast it was and the pics it took.it also came with headphones and a hard case for the phone.good deal all the way around

in every moment this phone calls are cut. I'm thinking of returning it, I want to claim warranty.Although it has excellent signal, the call only lasts about a minute. it's hopeless.

Don't want to spend big bucks on an iPod, purchase this inexpensive unlocked phone without all the bloatware from cell providers.  Add a micro SD card and you are all set.  Works like a charm and has wifi to get streaming music, videos and/or movies.  Download games from Google play store too.  Fast, sexy and convenient.  I made this a gift for my daughter.  Removed the phone and text icons and this device becomes and iPod killer.  Extremely pleased so far!

the phone works good. connects easily to internet, works good with google play. the only problem is with storage. but it's ok.

Nice and good. The product contains modern and important elements for effective communication. Good price. It is a good choice.

Excellent phone, very good performance, a good buy, the BLU products are of excellent quality and reliability. It would improve the resolution of the screen only.

This is the best cell phone I have bought, It's like any other high-class cell phone, Android is just the best

Replaced by blackberry with this and I don't regret it. Downloaded the BB messenger app and all my contacts come over.Great price, Responds well, No hangups thus far and access to the Google Play Store. Picks up wireless clearly even various hotspots as I am driving around.  The free screen guard is not the best. The tab was practically glued to the guard and I was left with glue residue after trying to scratch the tab off. Then air bubbles was a nightmare. Had to purchase the EZGuardz to do the job. No big deal, most phones don't come with a screen guard. The silicone case isn't bad but I purchased a more sturdier one with a kickstand to really protect my phone if dropped.No Issues with dual sims.Battery life depends on my usage and running apps. I could get a day and a half, maybe a bit more with minimum usage and apps running in the background. However, with frequent usage, of magicjack etc..sometimes by afternoon I'm down to 50% or less.If its affordability and functionality you are looking for then the Blu is it. Everyone who sees mine can't keep their hands off and wants one. GREAT phone! Great buy!

I always had expensive phones but this time I wanted to get something cheep unlocked and good as possible. (No service contracts). This is it! This was the best for the price! Great performance and the camera is not bad. I'm using it for a few days now I don't even had to charge it again.... it is still going for fifth day, battery so far 60%. I'm not using it like crazy just making phone calls and I have WiFi on at all times just to get my emails. Overall it is a great product for the price and I'm very happy with it.Performance is great and phone calls are clear. The dual sim is a great plus if you traveling oversees like me. It works everywhere so far. If you thinking to get it you can try also a cheep service like Ultra mobile (ultra.me) starting from $19 a month. Thats what I use very happy with it also. The 4G internet speed is great and no issues so far. WiFi is good always stay connected and bluetooth working great when I'm using my Stereo headset. I would add one more star if the face camera was a bit better but it is working ok with Skype.

There's nothing wrong with this cellphone until now. Its size its comfortable to the hand, using it in regular situation is fast. And brings a lot of things in the box with it. I like it.. If something bad happens I'll post it :DAh.. And it's super cheap!

I was looking for inexpensive smart phones because I was upgrading my whole family at the same time.  I got 3 BLU Advance 4.0 Unlocked phones.  They are great.  We love them with TMobile.  I got 2 Blu Advanced 4.5 phones, not sure about those yet.

She likes it overall, but it has some glitches for us.Using &#34;straight talk&#34; service she can't send or receive pictures except thru e-mail

I hot this for my son, this phone is way to great for the price, it is fast and really beautiful, I have not given to my son yet as it is a present but he has had his eyes on this one and is dying to get it inhis hands, it's just a great great phone. Very smooth interface, nice ringtones, fast, latest ANDROID update, led notifications...couldn't be happier (VENEZUELA)

Great phone for the price. Works with Tmobile. I've had it for only a week so can't say too much. But so far, I'm happy with this phone. Very intuitive and pretty easy to use even for first time smartphone users. Fyi- this phone has a language option which Chinese is one of the options.

The phone is very good WONDERFUL HOTEL. Quite fast, Wheel comes with its manuals intact protective silicon case and screen protector, despite having only 512 ram is pretty fast and has the capabilities of a high end phone. Works great with both sim in Venezuela.

I had already bought one for my son. And when my aunt saw it she said she wanted it one too. She's still learning it but loves it.

phone has great wifi coverage, dual sim, micro sdhc card, screen resolution is great along with battery life.camera could be better.

I like this phone because everthing that was said about it was true. Also I was not expecting a case, so I was really happy. The camera could with some work.

At the beginning the phone did not receive calls, but I did a manufacture reset and the phone become to work fine. Excellent.

excelente

The rear camera is good, but, should improve resolution, the front camera is very good, poor battery life, the tocuh screen is very good

For the price there's nothing better out there. I have zero complaints. If I needed anything to be better, I would go with a different phone. Some people complain about things, which are up to specs. If you need better screen, faster processor, more RAM, smaller or larger size, other color - just find another phone. Of course a lot of things could be better, but same goes for any phone or a car you drive,or house you live in, and everything has it's own price. As of now, I'm certain, I got the best product for my needs and my money. I am extremely happy with this purchase. BLU has my respect.

People calling me says I'm coming in choppy.If you love to text, forget it. Especially, assuming when you are having an argument with your girlfriend. The wrong letters appear. This phone won't be able to keep up because it tends to get overloaded and slowdowns ridiculously very slow.The phone gas many features but not an instructions / or owner's manual.Just get an Apple product. Safer plus high resale value.The cost to purchase this phone  (during the time I bought it like 3 months ago), ranges from $80 -150. Guess the trade- in value of this phone with Amazons. Less than $2.

Bought this as a backup to use abroad (my iPhone is locked) and it is even better than I expected. Luminous screen with the apps I need. It downloaded all my contacts from the house wifi network.  Battery charged a bit slowly but holds a charge well.  I recommend it, esp for the price

I've had this phone now for 2 months and wanted to wait until i was familiar with it before i reviewed. Its not too big, not too small and just the right size, the same size as a s4 mini. I just want to thank the blu company for hookin a sister up because not only is it a great price, it comes with a free rubber case and screen protector along with standard accessories. I paid less than $100 for a phone that can perform just as good as or even better than the name brand phones. I love the way its feels in hand, how loud it is, how responsive it is, everthing! I would say i have a minor problem with the keyboard's unresponsiveness (its the keyboard, NOT THE PHONE) . However i changed this problem by downloading a free app called &#34;a keyboard&#34;. It allows you to choose either qwerty or a 34 keyboard (which is my favorite) and you can choose backgrounds. Another thing i do not like is that the battery tends to die a little quick with playing games, watching movies, playing songs etc. and to solve this problem, i downloaded &#34;du battery&#34; app from the google play store. It tells me my battery's temperature, controls my battery power and creates a shortcut optimize button that i can press to stop background apps from killing my battery. The last thing i do not like is the screen resolution and viewing angles which seem to look a bit blurry looking from the sides of the screen. When watching movies or doing anything the screen has to be directly facing you for you to see clearly. Overall, i still give this phone 5 stars because most of my problems were able to be solved and this is way more than a bargain. I hope this review helps your decision :)

This is the perfect phone for a kid or someone who is getting started in the &#34;connected life&#34;. I bought it for my mom, since she is finally getting rid of her five year old &#34;cant-even-open-a-webpage-anymore&#34; Blackberry.I've had android cell phones since the 1.5 Cupcake version, and let me tell you this is a nice android experience, no useless manufacturer skin overlay, the phone has almost-stock Android Jelly Bean, and let me tell you it performs really fast, fast as a more expesive phone sometimes can't.The cameras and processor are really good for a phone at this price range, the design is very common, as seen on other Android phones (I'm looking at you Samsung), a little rounded and very ergonomic, although it feels a little weak because of the materials used (cheap plastic) but it compensates with an included screen protector and a case that would keep the phone safe on the event of a drop.It also includes a very nice set of hand-free headphones, of the &#34;canal&#34; type with awesome ear tips replacements because god and the manufacturers know we usually get those lostApps run swiftly, even 3D games (I tested it with Subway Surfers) and you can enjoy from all the benefits of the Google Play Store and the Google apps like Maps, YouTube, Google Now and so on.What i didn't like was the screen viewing angles, if you take a glimpse at it from the side, its like someone applied a Negative filter on the entire phone; That's not a deal breaker though, because looking directly on front of it, the image quality is good enough, and hey! look at the price tag, c'mon.

The phone works great, it need some extra config to get 3g depending on the country you use it. It's fast and the size is perfect!

Everyone said I sounded all muffled, far away or underwater.  So I left myself a message on the answering machine... wow, what a mess.  OK, so there are some bad apples in the bunch, I'll return and order another one...

good

been using it with my 2 sim cards and works great!!!!!!! wi-fi connect fast... easy to download apps, lots of memory left after transfer all my contacts. thinking to buy another one for my wife

I'm really happy with this phone. It's priced just right and I have all the features I need plus more.I can call, text, take pictures, play games, browse the internet, get directions, download apps and so on. I can even change the background of my text conversations to a personal picture, live wallpaper, or regular wallpaper. I'm currently using an HTC Thunderbolt silicone case for my Blu phone and it fits plus looks nice (I did not receive a case with my phone). The case cut outs don't match but the calls are not affected and the camera cut out will take a slight adjustment and I just slip the case off when I'm charging my phone.I will never go back to a contract with any phone company, ever.UPDATE 3/27/14Although I still think this phone is nice for the price, there are some things I have noticed while using it more often. The phone has slow reaction at times. My "demands" are not always met with speed when texting or playing Bingo Bash, for example. Also, I cannot receive pictures directly in my text messages. I have to click on a link that takes me to an external source where my pictures are held for seven days, and that is if I can view them. I cannot seem to send pictures through text either (I have only tried once). Sending and receiving pictures through text is something I thought was standard on all cell phones but apparently not. I'm disappointed big time about that. All and all I still recommend this phone. It picks up my wifi with no problem and I can sync my email to it as well. It really reminds me of my now broken Galaxy S, except for the few disappointments.

this phone would go black after a call could not do anything.Had to take battery out to get it to work again.it would hang up when i would touch it against my face.I could not hear through ear piece either.

I had very low expectations from such a cheap phone, so it was a very pleasant surprise when I finally received it and used it. It's a very good phone. Definitely a big bang for your buck. Here's my experience and observations about it.Pros:- Almost stock Android, no bloatware which is nice.- Easily rooted- Fast enough to run most apps smoothly- Good reception, my basement bedroom has zero to one bar signal on my HTC One S, now has THREE BARS on this phone.- 3G CAPABLE DUAL SIM!!! Most of the cheapie China-made dual sim phones are 2g GSM only, this one is 3g capable and works very well on my carrier which is 3g only (Mobilicity)- Comes with free screen protector, and soft rubber caseCons:- has an LCD screen so the viewing angle may not be as wide as the newer AMOLED screens.- only 1/2 gig of RAM. Sometimes a small lag may be experienced when starting up some of the bigger apps.- No USB OTG support, but neither does some of the Google Nexus devices.- Touch screen could be a little more sensitive. This device does not register my capacitive stylus as well as my HTC phone. No biggie, just use your fingers.For the price, All Pros outweight any Cons on this device. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap phone.

this is a very smart phone, because the price is really low for the quality of the phone. i love it

Its Fast , i can download anything i want, i have a lot of apps but it isn't even slow ! the camera is really nice front & back! but i need to know were i can but cases

no cumplio con todas la espectativas la pantalla se queda colgada.... no gusto

While it's no Nexus 5 it is a great phone for the price. It's a good in almost every way with a decent screen and solid feel. Jelly Bean does the job which can be reskinned to update the dated UI. I bought three for the kids and they're great. Zero complaints. Makes for a great first smartphone considering the first one always gets trashed.Five stars not because it's a great phone but five stars because it's a good phone at a dirt cheap price. I was really surprised at the quality of this phone for the price. Well done BLU. Highly recommended.

i purchased this phone for my wife.our sprint contract was over and we wanted to go to st8 talk,so i need to get her a phone that wasnt the latest greatest,but was way better than her epic 4g phone.she truly loves it and the speed it has

It's a pretty good phone for the price. If you're thinking about buying it I would recommend it, although the battery life isn't that great, and the internal storage is only 2gig, so I would reccomend purchasing a micro sd card.

Was everything it was advertised as, would recommend and purchase again. My granddaughter loves it, she says it's a much nicer phone then her previous one.

I tired a Windows phone and couldn't stand it, so I bought this one to replace it and it came so fast. Android has all the apps I love and they download within a minute.One of the things I love about this phone is the battery! It'll easily last all day( I use my phone quite a bit), at the end of the day it'll be between 50-60% and I never need to charge it! Also charges incredibly fast! It was at 73% after I charged it for around 20 minutes it was at 88%The only complaints I have is that the audio jack and charging are on the top of the phone, and whenever I get a notification a small green or red light flashes to the right of the receiver, and the back of the phone is a little slippery, but the case it comes with fixes that. Nothing I can't get used to!

Laim

great my cousing love it this phone,  its better than samsun young...and its dual sim card aviable ! very easy to use

el telefono vino en mal estado no enciende  teniendo la bateria full carga.the phone lights came shabby ful not even taking the battery chargeI demand a refund of the item for warranty

If you are using Net 10 Service, and are on a pay-as-you-go option, then SIM will NOT WORK in this phone.  I ended up purchasing one of those Net 10 &#34;Bring Your Own Phone&#34; SIM Card Packages and transferred my number thanks to Net10 Phone Customer Service.  I did all of this after driving 30 miles to the nearest Best Buy thinking the Geek Squad or the Cell Phone Department could help me.The User Manual leaves A LOT to be desired as far as actually instructing you how to work things (adding my contacts had me saying words I normally don't say) but I figured out what I needed to do and how to do it.Now for the good part of this review.  So far this phone kicks a**.  I downloaded Netflix and Chromecast and watched a Movie VIA MY CELL PHONE. Now how cool is that?  The screen display is beautiful, and all is working GREAT.I actually had this thing packed back into the box with the return label affixed before I changed my mind and bought the Net10 Sim Package.  I am glad I changed my mind.

received equipment to connect the battery but not litI imagine that the phone came bad, because not lit, it's a shame that sell equipment and not try before sendingconnect it to the charger but not charging batterythat big disappointment

Great phone for the price!  Has all the same features as the more expensive brands, but at a cost that's easy to afford.  Would recommended not ordering if it says it coming from 232tech.  Delivery time is the worst I have ever seen!!  Ordered another item on the same day and it came form Brooklyn, New York also  and arrived 3 days before the phone did.  Talked to 232tech customer service and they are not help full at all.  Blu makes a great product, at a great price!  You will not go wrong ordering one!

I purchased this phone as a gift to my sister, its very nice, comfortable, easy to use, works fast, she loved it.

I am so happy with my new Blue Phone. I really don't think I could be any happier. Not only is this phone the best phone I have owned but the value of this phone is unbelievable. Thanks to Amazon for this product. I give Amazon and the BLU Phone 5 Stars!!

its a nice fone and also cheap its up to teh standars compare to others brands. 100% recomended also works fine with my currier back in venezuela. 3g,H,H+ with movistar and movilnet works on EDGE network with digitel got my to sims on it digitel and movistar great.

My daughter has used this phone for 3 months and I can say that, for the price, it is a spectacular phone.  The one drawback is the camera quality, which is not up to par.  But otherwise...well, my old Razr Maxx is a complete dog next to it in terms of speed!

In the description about the phone, it said that is 4G and but all I get is 3G, and the phone blacks out some times.

great phone  and simple too. great for  low budget and good features.

This is a great phone for anyone that needs lots of stuff on their phone! My husband has big fingers, so he is always moving stuff he does not mean to move!

This isn't the best phone out there, but it is by far the best phone for only around $80-90.The physical appearance is really nice. The back is very glossy, although it is also a fingerprint magnet!Display/Screen:The display is really nice if you turn the brightness on high. (I put mine on the lowest because I like conserving battery life).It's very vivid, bright.. but if you are looking over someone's shoulder at a weird angle, the screen is very hard to see.It actually hurts abit to look at the screen from an angle other than straight on. It's better if the brightness is turned on all the way, but that's not always the case.Memory/RAM:The memory of the phone is actually pretty decent. However, I don't go crazy with downloading apps.I run Facebook, Ebay, battery app, ColorNote, Gmail, YouTube, and 2 average sized game apps.The phone doesn't lag or run slow at all for me.Camera:It's got really nice features.I like having a front camera, but the quality on this one is not great at all.. It's like a web cam, basically.The regular back camera is good. Can take some pretty good quality photos (although not top quality).Touch screen:It's not very sensitive at all. Sometimes, it doesn't register when I slide my finger across the screen lazily, but it's not a big deal for me. I could see it getting annoying to others though.Overall:It's a really great phone. I'm glad I made this purchase. I had been looking for a new phone for a while now and finally settled on this one. Good phone for the price!Cons:- Bad view at an angle- Poor quality frontfacing camera- No Swype (had to download it from the PlayStore) and even then it's not great on the phone because of..- Low sensitivity on touch screen-No [cute] phone cases!!Pros:- Very attractive phone- No lagging/freezing- Good connections(wifi)- Average/good quality camera- Can enable voice unlock (speak to your phone to unlock the screen)- Came with good earphonesPhone came with: Box, phone, battery, screen protector, simple black silicon case, earphones

Perfect! I bought two, and i have no problem with any one. It has everything a galaxy does in a good price.

Is Very nice phone and has the same quality of others similar products and the price is excellent..!!!

Excellent price, size, speed, hardware! The incluyed extras are amazing! So much recomendated, the quality of two cameras are great! Five stars!

Very slow performing tasks. I am not sure, but it was probably refurbished. It did not react immediately to touch, I needed to keep touching the screen over and over until it did what it needed to do. Camera did not have auto-focus, so needed to be very still to take good pictures and didn't work with certain apps such as QR or bar code scanner. I returned it and got an LG for same price, that works perfectly for my needs. Would recommend LG brand, I had one before that was fantastic, but I accidentally broke it, so had to get a new one.

verry good, fast and pretty

This phone is perfect for me. it has some nice features, and is great for some like me who is new to android phones. i like how it feels, and the size is a good size for me. overall i have not had any issues with it and the case and screen protector are a nice bonus.

my phone fell in the toliet i have done a million diffrent things and it wont turn on still. what should i do???

hello1 package via UPS  Track your package with tracking number 1ZY3759X0361784181my blu cell identified by this defective saliuo cell shuts down and restarts just need to know how I can get my money back or return this equipment does not stay lit

The phone is very tick and the speaker volume is very very low. Otherwise not a bad phone but not a good purchase.

This is a great phone for the money, it came w/ a screen protector and a case.It works flawlessly, and the battery last a lot longer than many other smartphones. The screen resolution is great.It came unlocked for AT & T however you will need to contact your service provider to register it before you can use theMedia Messages (MMS), and your existing data plan, do not waste your time trying to go around it (i.e. changing your settings in the access point name (APN)). The phone is already set up, but you need to register it w/ the service provider i.e. AT & T for it to work properly.

Initially the home button wasn't working. After factory resetting multiple times it finally worked. The front camera doesn't work, the phone screen has problems, after few minutes of use the screen is causing eyes to be strained and headaches. My teenage son is not able to use this phone because of these problems. I tried to use the phone with same experience.

Very good phone, fast, very good price, good delivery time,but the screen is not so good, if this phone have a good hd screen you give 5 stars..

package when the box said it came with liner and screen saver and was not supplied to the box.the rest all excellent

Seems like a great phone, but good luck finding APN setting for StraightTalk; which is why I bought it, then consequently sent it back.

The phone has met my expectations. This is my first smart phone & I'm getting the hang of it. j

Super great phone awesome price. I would recommended it to anyone in fact I've already ordered 4 my friends see it and want one too

It's great price and function like a smart android phone.  However, it won't sync with my new car's bluetooth. I don't know what to say...

It's an excellent cell phone!! It's like a samsung phone. Amazing comparing price-product.

WELL...my only complaint with this phone is that it's not clear and my boyfriend is constantly complaining that he can't hear me.  If that would change, this would have a higher rating because it's a very easy phone for as reading the screen, placing calls and accessing applications.  other than the speaker not being clear enough and sounding distorted, this is a good phone for the price...I constantly question, would the sound have been better if I paid a couple of $$ more and went with the 5 as opposed to this one??

The phone was taken to the Caribbean where it works with both phone companies and has delivered as advertised. I would recommend this phone for purchase.

On paper, the Advance 4.0 is great. It has all the features any decent Android phone would have, the best being that its Android distribution is vanilla, with little to no OEM bloatware commonly found in Samsung and Moto phones. I must say, however, that the screen is garbage. The colors are bad, the viewing angles are horrendous, not particularly touch sensitive compared to my previous Atrix II.Also, the whole bottom 20% of my phone's touch surface is completely defective and there is a massive difference between finger location and cursor- but mine's probably a rare occurrence and my rating doesn't reflect that.

I need the functions of WIFI and Dual SIM cards as I don't want carry two phones all the time. This one fulfills my goals. Though cannot compare it with an iphone, it works perfect when you think of the price. I think it is really worth of the money. No obvious cons till now. If I found any, I'll put it here later.

So I'll be honest, even after I picked this phone out after shopping online, I still wasn't very excited about it. I was not crazy about it. BUT then it came in the mail and I'm in love! The phone is beautiful as is everything that comes on it! I really could not be happier. Plus all the things you get in the box is pretty neat. I am so happy with this purchase! Two things though I want to mention just because I didn't see them mentioned before: 1. The phone does a short little vibrate when your call is connected (either the person answers or you're sent to voicemail) and there is no way to turn it off. 2. The front-facing camera is not the best quality. It works just fine for things like snapchat and Skype, but just a heads up to people that use it religiously and a little less than average camera quality would be a deal-breaker.

This phone does everything my nexus 7 tablet does but it's a phone.  I don't understand the complaints about the screen....my screen is fine.  I can see what some people are talking about when you tilt it but I never would have noticed it at all if it wasn't pointed out here. Be ready for a pain in the caboose if you are going to hook it up to straight talk. I am tech savy and it still took a couple hours of messing around and calling their customer service.  Once it finally got all sorted out the thing works like a charm.  One thing, the &#34;case&#34; that comes with the phone is really just a skin and offers little to no protection.  The kickstand case that is sold on this website is heavy duty though and not expensive.  Well worth the price. In the end ,it is insane what you get with this phone for the price.....just as good as an iphone with the exception of the camera, which is just OK.  Super happy with the purchase

this is not a high end phone. for the price, you get a very good phone. as described: it's unlocked for 2 SIM cards. I recommend it.

Very good phone, easy setup, I am Very Pleased With this phone. You will not find a better phone for the price this one has.

its an amazing phone, i love it its almost as amazing as an iphone. The battery last long. it has alot of megabites. Its all of what i wanted in a phone. i would recommend it for anyone

I like it better than my Samsung or my HTC at a fraction of the cost. Great picture. Touchscreen works well. Plenty of processor power to run any of the apps I want to use. Two small problems that I don't really think are a problem. It doesn't come with much memory but that's ok, I put a 32GB chip in and have more than enough space. And, the camera is a little lacking. At 5mp it is adequate but I had gotten used to the higher resolution of the Samsung. Works just fine but not as crisp. Other than those little things, it's an incredible bargain for sure.

Not bad at all. With one drawback: speakr is weak

very good and cheap Smartphone, the camera isn't the best but for Such a Low price is perfect, 100% Recommended

As a phone it's ok, 3G connection is great (but will depend on you telephone company's HSDPA bands), it actually works as a wifi hotspot much faster than samsung galaxy note I, but it's user interface freezes once in a while maybe because of only 512MB RAM. Skype runs realy bad on this phone, but apart form that it realy nice for the price. Battery life is good (9/10).

With the advent of mobile carriers changing their &#34;upgrade&#34; options, I was looking for an unlocked phone.  This phone does everything the Big Name Android phones do.  I've had no problems with service, connection speed, apps, phone, messaging or email.  In fact the version of android that it runs is newer than the big name phone I got last year runs.  When I brought it to my carrier to get a sim card they were pretty impressed as well, having seen some &#34;aftermarket&#34; phones, they had never seen the &#34;BLU&#34; and after playing with it for a while were very impressed, especially when I told them of the price.  NO MORE UPGRADE SCAMS for this guy, as the rest of my family needs new phones I'll order another BLU.  My only regret is not getting the bigger one.  But for $80 it was worth the gamble.

Excelent phone. Very fast, good signal, fast downloads. The best price/quality phone. Good packaging. I want another for my sister.

does a great job at almost everything you'd need it for. not to impressed with the camera though and GPS guidance drops often when using other features during navigation. ordered it with a group of other items, definitely functions just as advertised, received quickly and using currently, thanks

Very happy with my purchase. Its a great phone and would recumind it. A good choice for a starter phone.

If I can give it 0 I would be happy. Save yourself some trouble and don't buy it. The next day I got it start acting up. The screen freeze up and when u get a call u just see black screen and you have to take the battery out for it to work. Plus its hard to hear people conversation while taking u have to use the speaker to listen clearly. The camera is a joke. Yes it is cheap but I think it is better to add a little more money and buy good phone than this trash!!!!!!

I got this phone for my mom but when I first used it to test it out I was disgusted. First the viewing angle of the screen absolutely sucks. You have to look directly parallel to the screen to view anything clearly, look at an angle and it sucks. The front facing camera us terrible even in a well lighted area.Terrible phone. I switched this phone and got my mom the BLU Life Play S and she loves that phone and I have the BLU Life Pure. Those are great phones with great cameras which i recommend, this one I highly do not recommend.

Good features and performs very well for the price.  Reception is good and gets better signal than previous unlocked phone (generic i9300).  Android 4.2 works well on the phone.  Using a 16gb micro SD card with this phone - no issues there.  If my kids get a hold of it I have a hard time getting it back.  Bought a second phone for the family.  It does come with quite a bit in the box; rubberized cover, screen protector, charger, earphones, etc.  Best budget unlocked phone I have found so far.Only issue I have is the lack of options for a belt clip for this phone.  Currently using one meant for a S3 mini, which almost fits the phone.

I like the phone for the front speakers & the o.s.. It's good enough for me.Also the price it good.

Incredible  for that price, just the camera is limited, but its' worth!!

is good produc .amazon shiping is the best... and the phone i like all the sound, the game process is good.. onli think is the screen is good but no the best.. the rest is fine.. the performance is veryy good like sasumg galaxy 2.. only think is the screen ..

This phone is the right size and has the features that I need without the fluff.  Unfortunately, I cannot access the Internet except through Wi-Fi.  I even took the phone to my service provider, who verified all settings to ensure the 3G was enabled.  It was.  So, they thought maybe the sim card was the problem since it was transferred straight from my old device into this phone.  Nope, even a new card didn't make a difference, and a second technician verified the settings.And then on top of that, the lower &#34;buttons&#34; (Menu, Home, & Return) starting flashing intermittently today for no reason.  My service provider believes the phone is faulty.  I still need to contact the company and seller, so hopefully an exchange goes quickly and smoothly.

Needed a new phone and the Blu phone seemed right. now its doing the job. nothing wrong yet! Hopefully it stays that way.

It is my first smartphone and I'm satisfied. Dual Sim card is working although switching is between simcard is not so intuitive in the beginning there is no problem. Design is not so modern , but weight and dimensions makes this phone comfortable. I would say so far so good.

I bought this phone with the studio 5.0 not realizing this was hsdpa and the studio was edge, they are both equal in specs except that one has a smaller screen and this one supports the 3G network, they both have that same issue with the slow camera and that 3d effect screen from certain angle, but I can tolerate it, I'd suggest get the next level up if u want the better versions. Overall great phone, brand new in box and package was in great condition! Also this model came with a case, some do but not all of them, it's almost like a random pick In some way.

My son researched smartphones within his price range and we were happy to stumble upon Blu. It's been a great phone so far. Clear calls, great speaker volume, and durable. The camera could be better and we did need to get a mini sd for additional storage, but overall has been exactly what he wanted. I've actually been thinking of getting one for myself!

I traveled to Europe with this phone. I does what it is meant for. It seamlessly worked well with onesimcard I used throughout my ten days trip.  It connected very well with the Internet (wifi) at the airports, hotels, trains.etc. it handled emails sms, texts very well. The battery length on a full charge is great. Except for a few things it felt like my S3 galaxy. I didn't even read the manual. Very easy to use. It is very compatible with Skype, Magic Jack, mobile voip. Viber, whaapp. I would have given it five stars but for two reasons:(1) I didn't put in the second simcard. (2) I had problems saving into my address book from the incoming/outgoing/text/ Sms.  lists.THERRFORE,  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO NEEDS TO GET A PRACTICAL SMARTPHONE with A SMALL BUDGET.

I've purchase several dual sim phones, and this one has by far been the best. With others I've had issues mainly with sound, people would say I sound very muffled which is not good for business. Another issue was with having on speaker phone, which isn't an issue either w/this phone!

I wanted a replacement for an old Nexus One and this one has been excellent, so far.The size (4&#34;) is very convenient (it fits in your pocket, not as the 5-inch ones) and it even comes with a screen protector and a nice case.The only aspect that I feel not comfortable with is the internal storage; the specifications state that it has 4 GB of internal space, but you actually get only about 1.3 GB of free space. Anyway I got an additional 8GB-memory for storing additional data and it works fine.Be very careful while installing the sd card; the tray has to be pulled very carefully and it seems very fragile, but since you usually don't change the memory very often (or almost never) it is not a problem at all.

What I Like:-Decent, Solid feel-Price-Speaker quality is okay (ear piece and loud speaker)-Wireless connections work properly-Dual SIM is a nice feature-Expandable MicroSD storageWhat I don't like:-If you set it down wrong it will shut down, I have no idea how or why but if I set it on my counter a certain way it will reboot, no it is not dropped or thrown on the counter, honestly have no idea why.-Slow responsiveness to touch screen(but then again you paid $90 for this..)-Claim to be getting HSPA+ or HSPA when I know for a fact that I am no; At my camp(in the middle of nowhere where no other phone gets anything other that EDGE and the occasional 3G) this phone claims to have HSPA+ and HSPA. but then will not load anything internet related, not sure what the deal is what that, Obviously not HSPA there.Conclusion: Overall its a phone, nothing very fancy but its a cheap android phone(exactly what I was looking for) there are some flaws with this device, but then again only paid $90 for it. If you want something to work like a high-end phone, then you gotta pay for a high-end phone.BIGGEST ANNOYANCE: When it turns off because you set it down wrong..

Great priced android phone but note that the screen resolution is bad. you will have to tilt back and forth to get decent view of screen. not recommended

Its a cheep unblocked phone but you pay for what you get. Not good quality. Can't open snap chat or vine and it freezes all the time.

Love th Is phone,  cheap nice and does everything expensive phones do.Will recommend, very affordable and easy to use

definitely the best price excellent product, very grateful for the phone was a good buy and good quality all in perfect condition

My daughter like these phones and that is good enough for me

It's amazing to see a cell as high end as this with such affordable price really is incredibly fast has nothing to give to a samsung or iphone is explendido, I love to bring a jacket and a screen protector, I recommend blind this cell will not regret

is a good phone do not have anything to envy to other excellent recommend with eyes closed I'm very happy thanks

my New cellular Phone blu is excellent , the camera and the system is too faster from venezuela with movistar thanks

Bought for Husband..Loves it!

The phone is excellent! It has 5mp camera with flash and front camera. Dual Sim (both lines simultaneously active) and H + rises with Movilnet and Movistar here in Venezuela.Really covers and exceeds my expectations, so I Good Holiday satisfactorily.

I am happy after buying this phone. I find that there aren't a lot of differences between these and the Samsung brands, Samsung could actually put their logo on it.

muy bien

I had intended to use for other network, and it works great.... T Mobile service is fine for it. good luck.

I've had this phone 2 months and it has become a major problem.  It drops calls or randomly puts them on mute.  It does not stay connected to my blue tooth, so I have to reconnect almost every time.  The icons move on their own and apps often open independently.  I have not been able to open any MMS messages.  The customer service department is slow.  I have never spoken to anyone because I have been on hold for up to 30 minutes on the several times when I have called.  All my correspondence has been through e-mail.  Now I have to mail the phone back to them for repairs, at my expense.  On the plus side, this phone does far more than the owners manual lists.  It has been fun discovering all the nice things it does do.  I would like a more inclusive owner's manual though because I am not as tech savvy as I would like to be.  If it did not drop calls  it would be a great phone.  If customer service was more accessible, I might be more inclined to give it 3 stars.

It is a good phone, light, good screen, it's quick, good signal, the battery lasts about 8 hours with heavy use and about 15 hours with average use. For the price its a good phone, it comes with its protective cover front and a plastic housing that protects you, all I recommend you purchase is an additional external memory because it brings only 1 gb of internal memory, otherwise it is a good phone .

is good is cheaper a little easy to use for the price i recommend this phone is similar to those espencive brans

Very honest product for the price. Excellent option for those who do not  want to spend too much on a smartphone

I received this Blu Advance 4.0 and was not expecting much from the sub $100 buy. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. I checked out both the SIM slots and it works. I like the SIM card management functionality. This will come in handy when I am traveling. I have turned off the second sim to save battery and left the card in. I am assuming if both are on it may use more battery. So far I am happy with the phone functionality as far as making and receiving calls. I was thinking of picking up a armor case for it, and since there is no exact match in the dollar store (no i don't want to pay $40 for a silly silicone case at the dept store those are for ppl who buy the $400 iPhone :) ), I have a feeling the Samsung galaxy 4 case will be a fit and the camera opening seems to match. But I may just leave it as is with the case that came with it.I played a full 720p movie from the SD card. I had the airplane mode on just to check how much battery will be used in that scenario on a long flight. The battery indicator didnt budge. So I am thinking it should hold good for a long flight.

phone good for the price value is good, but only have 4 days using it has been very useful, however I did not give 5 stars because bad wine handsfree, only heard one bad, the rest is good!

I was surprised by this phone never thought it would be so nice with all those specs. I have bought two already and will buy another

I bought this for someone who lost two phones in six months thinking that it wouldn't hurt the wallet so much if this trend continues. The phone basically does work: makes and receives calls and texts. The screen is sufficiently bright when looked at directly, but off-axis viewing is bad. Consider it a &#34;privacy&#34; feature, making it hard for anyone sitting next to you to peek at your screen. I found the touchscreen disappointing. The screen feels spongy - it deforms easily when touched, but more importantly, often times it takes an extra touch to get the screen to respond. Otherwise, the UI never lagged and the few apps that I tried didn't stutter.I knew it would have a stock Android build (Jellybean 4.1.2) with no or minimal improvements by BLU. Based on screenshots, it looks like the Cyanogenmod 10.2 (open-source Android OS) that I run on my Galaxy S2, and so I assumed that it would have all the features, configurability, bells, and whistles that I have. Unfortunately, it didn't. It didn't come with Cyanogenmod's powerful cLock widget or a keyboard that support gestures (think: Swype), though both could be downloaded from Google Play as the Chronos and Google Keyboard apps, respectively. It also came with very few options to customize the look feel - changing the number of icons displayed, removing the Google search bar, lock screen widgets, etc. Stock Android is not very pretty to look at so I had hoped to make the phone's interface more useful and less annoying.I returned the phone and purchased an LG Optimus F3 for $50 more. For the money, I got a better display, a better-feeling touchscreen, a much larger battery, and true 4G LTE support. (BLU's &#34;4G&#34; is based on those who say anything over 10Mbps is &#34;4G&#34;, which IMO is fast enough to be usable. Others snicker and call that &#34;faux-G&#34;.) LG also customized their Android appearance so it is more visually appealing and in some minor ways, changed buttons or moved things around to make the user experience less confusing.

Awsome !! this phone really rocks!! TOTALLY unlocked (Works Inmediately in my Country -Venezuela- means, it will do in the South Pole also!! LOL ).asap put in  SIM card ..It will Start to do Many but may features It's pre-loaded and many other you can get y APP store on google. The best phone for your money....consider if wants a &#34;Better&#34;?? phone...you must invest 5-8 times more money!! I can't see why you must do so....I dont place 5 stars because  in stand by mode....battery last @ lot...but when in use...say watching  youtube...you can use as far as 25% total battery.

I was expecting more from this phone, it works ok but it doesn't compare to the Samsung Galaxy phones which are design similarly.

excellent product, exceeded the expectations of its cost, I'm really satisfied with the performance of the cell phone, also brought liner and screen saver

I tried a smartphone before, and it was the Samsung Galaxy. When I received the Galaxy, I really was not into the smartphone thing, so I did not use it and ended up selling it. So my other (older) cell phone began to show signs of wear and tear, it was time for me to get a new cell phone. I looked around at my cell phone carriers website to see what type of phones were available, and the majority of them were smartphones. Obviously, I had no choice but to get a smartphone, and I figured I had no choice but to buy one that was expensive... they are all expensive. I hesitated a couple months, and began my search again. That is when I stumbled upon Blue Mobile Smartphones, and it was an excellent choice. I felt ambivalent because of my experience with the Galaxy smartphone I tried out. But the Blu Advance 4.0 was just my cup of tea. Blu Advance is more comfortable to hold, the screen is not too big or too small, it is very easy to operate, there are two Sim card slots available and an SD card slot micro), and it just seems like there is less intensity about it.. I do not feel overwhelmed with having a smartphone as I did with the Galaxy. And for those who are completely new to smartphones as I was (still am), think about it like its a thong.. at first you have to get used to it, then when you do, you'll wonder why you didn't switch over sooner and absolutely love it. Haha!Best phone I have used, and I will stay with BLU Mobile.ETA: I have no problem with the viewing angle.5 stars!!

Great for the price.

I liked it very much because it's not an expensive cellphone and it's easy to use. It was exactly as it was advertised. It arrived fast. Good seller. Thank you!

I love this phone. I chose it because I have a cell phone for work, but also needed my own data package - this thing has two sim slots so it works great for me. I can use both sims, and on top of that, it is well made (have dropped it several times with no problems) and does everything that a Samsung will do, unlocked, without a contract, and at a bargain price. The ONLY noteworthy problems are that the front-facing camera is poor quality and the video quality is kind of weird. When watching videos in landscape, you have to hold the picture farther away from your eyes or tilt it slightly in order to get a clear picture. So, if you plan on watching long movies on your phone, maybe go with something else. Otherwise, for the price you can't do any better.

best value/money phone out there, you basically get an s3 mini for a 100 bucks with a case screen protector and earplugs for 90 bucks, u just cant beat that

This is just as advertised. I bought it for my son in Jamaica, it is working just as it should..I would recommend this phone.

this phone is just the right size, not a big/large cumbersome tablet/phone.so far, I like all the features, although I cant get the video calls working, there is no manual to show you how.there are 2 things I DO NOT LIKE AT ALL, ONE, THIS PHONE IS ADVERTISED AS 4G, IT IS NOT. THE BOX SHOWS 3G.AND IT KEEP DROPPING CALLS.ALSO THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE, IS THE WORSE, YOU MUST BE  PREPARED TO JUST WAIT TILL SOMEONE TALKS TO YOU.

If this device had more RAM and didn't freeze up rather frequently, it'd be a really nice phone. Sadly, the biggest problem I've found is that it will often lock up and need a reboot. Making it worse, there appears to be no way to do a hard-reboot without taking the battery out. But, the design is nice, the screen size is good, and the speed is good (until the RAM gets low). There are apps to help with the low RAM problem, so that is not a big deal to me.

Hello, and good day. I am currently rating this product at 3 stars, until I get my replacement unit. When I received my first model from rush direct, and was examining the phone, I noticed it refused to pick up the sim card from sim slot 1. I checked this with some other sim cards I had on hand, and ran some hardware tests via android apps. No matter what i tried, sim card reader 1 would just not work. Other than this hiccup, the phone seemed quite sturdy, everything else except the sim card 1 worked perfectly,I will update my score when i get my replacement unit, and do a full review then. Just keep in mind that Blu is a new company, so there are prone to be bugs and quality control issues as with any new startup business. I will say the experience I had with one of their other products, the BLU Dash 5.0, was very solid (if a bit too big for my uses), so hopefully the replacement unit will be as solid as that device.UPDATE: I have received the replacement unit, and unfortunately, it was just as defective as the first. I have found the radio to be defective in the replacement. Besides dropping calls left and right, it also would drain the battery extremely quickly, indicating a short of some kind in the cellular radio. I did try and pop it into the second sim card slot, and while this did solve the rapid battery drainage problem nicely, it also started to short, and began to drop calls as well. I'm guessing this particular model has a manufacturing defect in the radio or sim card reader. For those who are wondering why the battery doesn't last as long, this might have something to do with this. Overall, I can't, in good faith, recommend this product. I instead returned this, and purchased a more expensive, but still excellent for the price THL W200S, which so far has exceeded my expectations. Be warned, for the price you /could/ get a good phone, but quality control appears to be nonexistant, so buyer beware.

Exelent cell phone ty.

this phone is just the right size, not a big/large cumbersome tablet/phone.so far, I like all the features, although I cant get the video calls working, there is no manual to show you how.there are 2 things I DO NOT LIKE AT ALL, ONE, THIS PHONE IS ADVERTISED AS 4G, IT IS NOT. THE BOX SHOWS 3G.AND IT KEEP DROPPING CALLS.ALSO THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE, IS THE WORSE, YOU MUST BE PREPARED TO JUST WAIT TILL SOMEONE TALKS TO YOU.

this phone is no good ok

I got something very different from what I ordered, I ordered a 4.0 Advance BLU Dual SIM Unlocked Phone (Black) and I did not get the wanted

Best price for an unlocked new phone. Good looking easy to use with dual SIM, can be used international. May not have all the bells and whistles compared to other high priced phones, but with Android 4.2, Wi-Fi, 5mp camera, 4GB (1.23GB actual) memory, can use up to 32GB micro SD for additional storage, I am getting all I wanted. Comes with a case and screen protector which I never heard of. Bottom line: very good phone for starters for regular use with very attractive price.

Excellent choice... The phone is perfect! Beautifull design and the price is the best! This phone meets all expectations I had
