
Oddly - I recently sold my iPhone 5S after much frustration with Touch ID and the finicky fingerprint sensor. Bought an unlocked 5S direct from an Apple store in September and kinda missed Android. After four months, sold it and could have bought three Motorola G units in its place!Was looking at the Nexus 5 (owned a Nexus 4 for almost a year), and loved the screen resolution and top-of-the-line specs. but, decided to try this instead (even with the Moto X sitting at $329). After sideloading the GEL interface from the Nexus 5 and after the KitKat 4.4.2 instant upgrade after I first turned it on - and setting to ART instead of Dalvik), this unit is basically flawless in its performance. I am not a gamer so no need for the best/fastest graphics - just want fast performance for my apps and a decent Camera (which this is; and, the one thing I will miss from the 5S is the great camera). But then again, this unit is literally more than three times less than a 5S with 16GB.So, very solid phone. Build is great, feels very ergonomic in the hand and the screen is really fantastic for any phone, let alone a phone that shipped to my door for $199. With T-Mobile HSPA+, I get 8 Mbps to 12 Mbps down and 2 Mbps to 3 Mbps up. This is not LTE but it's plenty fast for "3G".I may not have this unit for a year, but I am immensely enjoying it for a $199 phone. The size is perfect (Nexus 5 is bordering on too large) and everything about the Motorola G is, well, great. I am amazed this is unlocked for such a good price. Pair this with T-Mobile's uncarrier plans and I can stream as much video and audio (without a hiccup!) as I want. No limits, no slowdowns. Thanks Moto! Err, Lenovo.

The phone is not perfect, but it's jawdropping price makes up for it's downsides. Overall it's a really good product by Motorola. I'm using this as my spare phone to the Galaxy S4, and if there's one thing that the Moto G certainly beats the S4 is the standby battery. After charging both to 100% and sleeping for about 8 hours, my Moto G is always at 99 or 100% and my GS4, at 93-96%. What I also found to be curious about this phone is that when the display is turned off, it drains much less battery than my S4 (the extra cores and processing power might be playing a substancial role for the S4 here), although when turned the display on, the battery seems to drain as fast as the S4 (despite the last one having a FHD display and a presumably more energy-hungry processor).

I honestly like this phone better than my note 3.yea sure. note 3 has better specs, but this just feels so much better in hand, and the feels very solid, note 3 feels abit cheap.this is a much better value compared to any high end smartphone, and i've owned them all..

Works fine.  Sometimes time of response is a bit slower than Iphone or other higher end Android phones but everything seems to work fine.

excellent!

Little early to tell how durable this phone will be but so far so good. People all across EU love it. It's a pretty little device.

Looks good, feels great, FAST, fantastic battery life, awesome screen quality, decent camera... It's all good.I could complain that it is missing a few very basic apps (notes, flashlight mode, etc) but that's it.Works great as a phone, good as a camera, good as a media device -WATER RESISTANT.tough to beat this slick tough phone for the $$.

I switched over to the Moto G when my Dell Venue screen broke, and was amazed by the difference - depositing checks is no longer a struggle, the display is so beautiful it's understandable now why so many people use the phone to browse (vs. a computer). I'm not a fan of installing a lot of apps on the phone as I don't want it to slow down, so I just use Facebook on the web browser, which works beautifully. Haven't tried taking pictures outdoor as I have a camera I take pictures with, but indoor looks decent (5MP). The build feels solid and not heavy at all. Also, startup time is very fast, and I like the Assist feature. One downside: there's still no native file manager built in, so you'd have to install a file manager app (should be a quick fix), and installing customized ringtones can be difficult if one isn't too familiar with computer technology. I've tried out both the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy prior to buying this, and I wouldn't trade it for either one.

Motorola Moto G is one of the TOP Phones as of 2014 beginning. I was definiely disappointed with Google selling it off to Lenova. The phone is awesome and I used for few days with my friend. The battery with all of the speech recongition is great as it has two chips.  This is really the next generation in user interface. The specs in a nutshell are:Motorola Moto G: 5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 in, 143 gm, 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 5 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 1.17 W/kg (head), 1.06 W/kg (body)In my opinion, these are key specs to consider. Most of others are standard or does not matter at all. First size,weight and resolution are part of look and feel. RAM/CPU part of performance. external Storage is part of expandability. Camera is obvious! SAR  (Specific Absorption Rating) is an often ignored, but I feel essential to making a buying choice. Manufacturers don&#8217;t advertize or mention SAR prominently.Some of the other competing phones in this segment are follows and use them if you are shopping around!Samsung Galaxy S4 (Intl version):  5.38 x 2.75 x 0.31 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.0 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD, up to 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5410 CPU, Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, 0.85 W/kg (head), 1.55 W/kg (body)LG G2: 5.45 x 2.79 x 0.35 in, 143 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.2 in, 424 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 13 MP/2.1 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.26 GHz Krait 400, 0.50 W/kg (head), 0.69 W/kg (body)HTC One: 5.41 x 2.69 x 0.37 in, 143 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 4.7 in, 469 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 4 MP/2.1MP, Qualcomm APQ8064T Snapdragon 600, Quad-core 1.7 GHz Krait 300, 0.66 W/kg (head), 0.40 W/kg (body)Google Nexus 5: 5.43 x 2.72 x 0.34 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 4.95 in, 445 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 8 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.3 GHz Krait 400, 0.92 W/kg (head), 1.23 W/kg (body)Apple iPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 in, 112gm, 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 8 MP/1.2 MP, Apple A7, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cyclone (ARM v8-based), 1.12 W/kg (head), 1.18 W/kg (body)Nokia Lumia 1520: 6.41 x 3.36 x 0.34 in, 209gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 6.0 in, 367 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD up to 64 GB, 20 MP/1.2MP,  Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800 CPU  Quad-core 2.2 GHz Krait 400, SAR: 0.59 W/kg (head), 0.24 W/kg (body)

you can not compare this phone to any others, the price and performance is unmatched, yeah you might want a 4g lte phone but thats more money, and for me it does everything i need, kitkat and motorola combo is really awesome right now, I have kept it stock and I will recommend this phone over anything unless you are willing to pay more for a moto x. If you really care about camera, save a bit more and get a premium phone, but I feel like the camera is acceptable for daily use. I dont think you will regret buying this phone. I have heard of some battery misinfo, but let the phone go through a few cycles and I heard that fixes the problem.

Excellent intelligent telephone, very fast and and very good price, worth every penny spent on it.

Hardware, software, everything is fine in this device and the best of all is the price, a high range phone with a middle range price. Excellent.Regards

I already have an LG Nexus 4 and bought a Motorola Moto G in order to give it a try. In terms of end-user usability (Android look and feel) it is the same; there is no noticeable human perception of one being faster that the other. The screen is clear. Quality is good (screen is curved on the edges which is cool but can be bad if dropped without a protective cover), the back does not feel cheap even though is plastic. In general this is a value for your money smartphone, the way it should be.

The box was &#34;unsealed&#34; when I received it.There was no adapter/charger in the box. Only charging cable was provided.Generally with cell phone we get headphone but they are not included in the box.The seller should mention what will come with this cell phone.

My husband just bought a nexus 5 and he is wishing he would have gotten this phone instead.  His phone is faster but my camera is better.  They are both great phones but I am very happy with my purchase.  It does everything as promised.

Excellent phone!!  It almost like a galaxy S3 but cheaper :)Battery life rocks!You can do whatever you want with this phone

Everything on this phone is good, nothing is great and nothing is bad. For the money, you can't go wrong and the KitKat standard is a big plus. Go for it unless you want to spend at least another 150 bucks for a better phone.

I own, or have owned, a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Moto X.  So, I think I have a pretty good frame of reference for comparing the Moto G LTE to some other popular phones.  The Moto G LTE is a fantastic phone, especially if you are the type of buyer who's on a budget and doesn't want a phone with a 5"+ screen.PROS:SCREEN -  Looks nice, great color accuracy, very bright with good viewing angles.  Color reproduction not as washed out as Nexus 4 and not as oversaturated as Moto X.  Higher pixels per inch than both of those which is evident in the display's clarity.  Contrast is excellent for an LCD.  Much better screen than the Nexus 4 and the Moto X, but not as nice as the Nexus 5 display.  If the 4.5" is not too small for your liking, this display is really nice...at ANY price point.BATTERY - This thing runs all day and then some.  After ~36 hours of on time with wifi, cell and bluetooth on, 4.5 hours of SCREEN ON time, and a good amount of messaging, emailing, surfing and music playing mixed in, it still has 18% battery life.  Best battery life I've ever experienced on any phone.  Absolutely superb.PERFORMANCE - This phone might only have a Snapdragon 400 and 1MB of ram, but it is buttery smooth.  No appreciable lag or stuttering anywhere in the UI.  I'm not a gamer, but ran REAL RACING 3 just to check the graphics capabilities.  This phone ran that game without skipping a frame.  I'm not sure how it holds up to even more intensive graphical tasks/games, but for the everyday user, it should have more than enough horsepower.MICRO SD CARD SLOT - Up to 32GB supported.  Nice addition, especially considering that the internal storage is only 8GB.4G LTE - This alone makes it worth the price premium over the original Moto G.  Consistently, getting 15mbps download speeds and 12 mbps upload speeds on T-Mobile 4G in areas where I only used to get 5 and 1 on HSPA+. In many areas, getting 30+ d/l and 20+ u/l.CONS:CAMERA - Pictures are very inconsistent regardless of lighting.  Some are clear and vibrant, others come out blurry or with excessive noise.  In HDR mode, the photos are serviceable, but still inconsistent.  If getting the highest quality pictures from your phone is a priority for you, this might not be your phone.INTERNAL STORAGE - Decreased to 8GB from the 16GB offered in the original Moto G.  The addition of the micro SD card slot helps by allowing media and pictures to be offloaded, but for those who install many apps or large games, internal storage might start to get tight.  However, I don't believe that this will be a problem for the majority of users.All in all, I've been more than pleased with this phone.  The combination of performance, display and size (I prefer phones with 4.5" to 4.7" screens) at a price around $220 is simply unbeatable.  This raises the bar for the entire playing field.  Nice job Motorola!

Why no cahrger in the box and the box is already opened when I recieved it. In the box I only find a cell phone, a data line and instruction book, no charger!!

The best value for money!!!!!! Easy to use, solid, not too heavy, just perfect! I just don't found how to activate LTE, and some music put inside is not recognized by the phone :(

Phone is good. Very poor packaging. The box of the phone was covered with mud. Thought it might have fallen out and the product inside would be fine. But the phone inside was also dusty but fortunately no scratches. Since the requirement of the phone was immediate so went along with it. Otherwise would have asked for replacement. Using it now. Works fine, apart from an uncomfortable sliding at times.Not satisfied with packaging.Over all very good phone for this price.

If you want a excellent celular low cost and good hardware and software don't look anymore, You've founded!! Don't regreats!!

Excelente funciona en Vzla y muy recomendado el vendedor gracias

beautiful phone worth buying is excellent in every way nothing to envy to other phones this really worth all time and without failures

Fantastic phone, very solid feeling with the exception of the slighty loose volume and power buttons on the side. Very snappy performance wise. The black back cover isn't actually black - in sunlight it's a dark blue.

It's a great phone for the cost. Excellent proformance and features. It's solid build devices but abit soft for the exterior body with you a case a signal drop will scratch it . .

This is my first smart phone. I did a lot of research before purchasing one and this is a lot of phone for the price.

I have been waiting for a long time a mobile which is great in a budget value ..go for it

I git it ordered directly from Motorola and received today. when I found out wall charger was missing, I have contacted customer service and was told I need to buy charger separately. Really Motoral/Google? I can't believe they have fallen so low. It is going back

This is a excelent phone, very fast, works fine in Venezuela, with digitel 3g, never sticks or lagg, too bad the camera is bad, but sunlight is acceptable.. I recommend this phone, good prices, good perfomance.

After a normal learning curve and finding the correct user manual, this was an easy phone to use.  Glad I bought it.

I took it to ATT store salesperson was as impressed as i was ask me what i paid was surprised.

Nice budget phone. If you are looking for cheap full feature phone, this is it. Its faster than I anticipated and nice stable product.

It's hard to believe this phone is $200 off contract. For the price of an iPhone down payment you can get this phone without being tied to a contract and without inflated monthly bills to pay off the rest of the phone. The phone is basically as close to straight Android as you can get without buying a Nexus branded phone. The only additions are a couple Motorola added apps, but they don't seem like bloatware and are actually helpful for people moving from a different phone OS to Android. While an SD card slot would be nice, it really isn't a problem for me with the 16GB version because I offload my pictures and videos periodically to a desktop. The screen on this is also really gorgeous. It's so high resolution that it's not possible to see any of the pixels.I don't think this phone is getting the attention it deserves from the regular public because the price is so low and they think it might be of poor quality. I think if more people knew there was an unlocked, high quality phone for $200 more people would buy it.

Was not expecting much when I originally made this purchase, but I was surprised how snappy and smooth the phone was in comparison to other high end devices. Would suggest this phone to anyone.

This phone has everything you want. It is also a worldphone, which means it hops from network to network as you travel. You can switch SIM cards at will, too. It's fast, looks great and performs like any other smartphone. For at least $300 cheaper! What else could I ask for? :)

reasonable price with smooth operation. But one day battery decreases from 51% to 0% suddenly and automatic turn off, after charged, it's OK now. I hope it is a bug of software and will be fixed in update.

Motorola has done a brilliant job at coming out with a phone whose hardware matches perfectly with its software. The phone is just the perfect size and that 4.3&#34; screen is simply beautiful. I loved the overall look & feel of the phone and it feels way more premium than its price. I hope Motorola keeps pushing out the latest Android updates. I would easily recommend this phone to anyone who does not want spend insane amount of dollars on flagship phones which don't even get updates quickly.

Ok, wanted to get wifey her first smartphone ever! And in about exact same time, moto G was released. And the specification  pleased me as well. Instantly placed the order. And amazon did a good job in delivering it on time. Wife is appreciative of the product too.The main attraction is the processing speed. At least I can say its much faster than my iPhone 4. TBH.Very good budget buy I would reckon.

Absolutely great smart phone worth every penny... Only problem is the lack of languages you can only choose from 4 or 5 languages... Arabic not included.

I love this phone so far, I've had it for about a month. The screen is quite big and very clear, the apps never crash and everything works smoothly. It's fast and doesn't lag. Compared to my old brick phone it's amazing.The only issue I've had is that when recording videos in low levels of light, the camera has vertical lines across the screen and in the video once saved. I noticed this on the day of receiving it. But I'm not too concerned about it, I rarely take videos (my friend also bought the phone and has the same problem, not sure if it's damaged or just the camera itself).Overall I'd recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't want to pay $400-$800 on an expensive phone that does pretty much the same thing. It's a simple phone that gets the job done, and if that's all you need, it's perfect.

It was the smart phone I dreamed off.Thank you Google for taking the poor into consideration.I would recommend it to anybody who just needs a smart phone

To start with the Moto G looks premium. Mine was a white 4G LTE model, and it is stunning. The screen is crisp, bright and has good details.On the software side, the best part is that it comes with KitKat preinstalled. So you don't have to worry about updates. Another good thing is that there is almost no bloatware. Only few preinstalled Google-related apps. Transition between apps and games is smooth. Due to the latest android version, the resources  usage is minimal.On the hardware side, the 1GB RAM is good enough for multitasking. Even though the processor is old compared to ones in the other brands, but it is still snappy. Kudos to Motorola in this department. The onboard storage is 8GB, but only about 5GB is available. But additional storage of 32GB should do the trick. The battery lasts for about a day on normal usage (using whatsapp, YouTube, games, etc). The camera is OK. Yes, it takes average photos and videos and that's about it.Note: This is a 4G LTE model, so you wont get the 50 GB extra Google drive storage, it is only available on the 3G model. Among the top network providers in USA, it works only on T-Mobile and AT&T; as it is a GSM smartphone.

like&#65306;Motorola a Google company&#65292;cheap&#65292;dislike&#65306;The device doesn't have as much RAM at 1GB as higher end phones which tend to come in at 2GB&#65292;can't support SD card&#65292;camera is not very good

Have this phone for a few weeks already and it works just great. A good quality product for its price.

This phone is really great. It has amazing battery power for its price. Good gaming experience, no lag on some games. Really good with the 1.2 QUAD core processor (Snapdragon 400). It also has 4.4.2 KitKat!

Phone is great for the money, especially since it's unlocked/non-contract. Would have given 5-stars if it was LTE (maxes at 3G but I guess that's what the Moto X is for?)...the build quality is solid, doesn't feel cheap at all.

very smooth,low cost high performance.maybe I will suggest it to my friendsjust a user from the mainland of china

This moto g is awesome,been using this phone for the pass week and some and it hasn't gov me and trouble,the built quality is close to a high end/flagship device.The only down fall really is the camera,its not the greatest BUT for a 5MP shooter its very good.OVARALL:great phone will difinitely buy again....can't wait to see what Motorola have for us again with the next or updated moto G.

This is a great low cost option for the smart phone crowd. I love the pure android interface and have been pretty happy with it so far. Unfortunately the camera (especially the face time one) is not the best quality and it's pretty hard to get good shots quickly.

good smartphone at a good price

I'm Sams... user since the smartphone was launched years back.  Its LCD screen is alike the iPho... that you can use under the glaring sun.  It allows you to do GPS with no problem, sweet.The price tag is fantastic and looking forward for a newer version.

Excellent phone excellent delivery time 8 days from Usa to Israel. Recommend to anyone who needs a quality android and doesn't need too much storage. Shame the battery is unremovable.

...But, the screen broke after a couple of days of using it. It fell from my hands, but from a very short distance. But that's normal with Gorilla glass aparently. Still great phone and good price.

Overall I'm loving this phone BUT......I don't like the dialer,its too sparse in its features and call log history isn't readily available. Also camera feature too basic as well but I downloaded a camera app from the play store.The generic music player is also too basic.

I have always been aware of the horrible user experience attached to low- r mid-range Android handsets. I believed that the experience is completely different from a premium phone, since the costs differ so greatly.However, Motorola has proven me wrong by producing the first extremely low-priced unlocked Android phone that works better than every single phone at its price, and some even priced doubly as much.We bought this as a gift, and while I was setting it up, I could barely notice a difference between it and our $700 phones.We plan on buying a few more for parents, grandparents, etc. when the price is reduced even further.

Honestly I cannot tell that I don't have 4G.  My HTC One that I lost in cab was 4G. I got this moto g (lickety split btw) and I love it.

I'm an &#34;unlock the phone and don't tie me down to a contract&#34; kind of guy. Formerly I was an incredible cheapskate who, in order to forgo the price of a smartphone & plan, had a T-Mobile prepaid dumb phone and an Ipod touch for apps. It worked reasonable well, but the fact was that I used the Touch so much that I was always forgetting my clunky, barely useful Nokia. One too many missed phone calls and messages later, I decided to take the plunge into the deep end of the smartphone pool.After considerable research I decided on the Moto G. It was inexpensive as an unlocked Android phone, and coupled with a Straight Talk pay-as-you-go voice & data plan, it's been a real pleasure.I'm normally a Mac guy, so there are things about the Android platform that bug me. I appreciate how customizable it is, but I like the Apple notion of having everything you need to get going set up from the get-go in terms of the native apps. However, after playing with it for a few months, I've got the phone tweaked to a state where I'm very happy with it's performance.Web browsing if fast, I get good reception most places I've taken it (I live in Milwaukee but have traveled with the phone across California and Florida and it has worked without fail).Screen size is good, quality of the photos taken with the camera is remarkably good for a budget handset. Even the built in speaker is adequate.The only thing that really bugs me is the lack of expandable memory, but I knew that going in. And since I store little on the phone besides apps (I stream any music or movies I might enjoy on it) it's definitely not a deal breaker.

Great phone! Totally recommended for Digitel in Venezuela. Android runs fast, bright colors.  The best android for the best price

All features work as advertised.  Very pleased with purchase, quick delivery.  Screen has good picture, good resolution.  # G speed is faster then what I thought it would be.

I received my Moto G 4G LTE phone yesterday and my preliminary experience has been excellent.  As one who has owned iPhone 4S, Nexus 5 and Nokia 925 (thanks to pre-paid T-Mobile), I think this Moto G strikes a good balance between value, performance and size.  I am not a fan of large phones or 'phablets' and the Moto G is just the right size.  The phone feels vastly superior in terms of build quality compared to Nexus 5.  On T-Mobile LTE, I have measured download speeds in excess of 20 Mbits/sec!If you need an Android device without any strings attached or bloatware loaded by carriers, choosing the Moto G will make you very happy.

I ended up keeping my old Nexus 4 instead of this phone (gave it to my fiancee as a replacement for her broken Nexus 4), but while I had it I really liked it. She reports, as I found on my own, that it has excellent battery life. I also found that it gets a much better signal on T-Mobile in my area (Central Illinois) than the Nexus 4. The reason I kept my old phone was merely because I had already installed CyanogenMod on it, and the Moto G is actually a bit less powerful.The Moto G doesn't appear to have NFC, but it does have the ability to play FM radio using headphones as the antenna. You can also use Motorola's transfer app to move everything from your old to your new phone. Other than these few things, it basically feels like the same phone as the Nexus 4 or other Android.

why in the world only a 5mp camera, that to me is a deal breaker, my droid x2 is 8 mp and I wouldn't go down for this. shame on you motorola for going backwards- what else is there?

Been a good phone for a week then it lost speaker sound after I plugged/unplug my headphone in. Completely no sound either music, incoming call sound or be able to hear what other end saying even with speaker on. There must be a "minor" hardware/software problem with it. I can only get sound back after reboot it. Otherwise have to plug back earplug to listen to music or any sound from phone. Waiting for my replacement to see what going on with it. Give it 3 star.update: 01/21/2014So, I got a replacement phone 3 days after wrote review. Basically, I'm still impressed with phone itself and its performance. However, when I receive a call, I could barely hear voice from other end, its really low; even with maximum volume up. I have to use headset to have a loud and clear sound from other end. Will try to get a way around cuz I really hate to return this.update: 01/26/2014Found out that low in-call volume isn't only on this product but on Moto X also, which happened after upgrade to Kit-Kat. the speaker is pretty loud if you lay it down on a surface and battery is incredibly long. I been listening to Pandora for straight up 4-5 hrs, then play game (Clash of Clan) for another 2hrs. Still have more than 40%. Which I still able to use for rest of the day. Really impressed with battery. Think this product deserves 4 star instead of 3

no comments, if I don't have anything good to say, I rather not to say anyting at all.no comments.no comments

Good price and great battery life.A little slow and not much RAM, but whatever! Nice job motorola! It's almost as nice as my broken Nexus 4. But with better battery life!

I had to sell my iPhone 5 and wanted to replace it with another cheaper new smart phone.I was attracted to the original Moto G because of it's design by Motorola and the stock AndroidROM being fairly clutter free since it was coming from when Google owned Motorola. The sameis true for the Moto G LTE, which addressed the two reasons I didn't buy the original model: It nowhas LTE (and supports 2G/3G/HSPA) and a MicroSD card slot, both which are great, though I don'tlive in an area currently covered by LTE so I can't confirm, but the speeds are the same if not slightlyfaster than my iPhone 5.The phone itself is pretty and sleek. The screen is my favorite part, it's 720p (making it a higherresolution than the iPhone 5 while having the same dpi).The phone does everything I want in a phone/need and just because it's cheap that doesn't meanthe quality is.-Accessories-I own the following accessories and have tested them with my model and recommend them:Dock: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F4B0K9Q/Case: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GJT0KS8/ (case can be on while in the dock)Screen Protector: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J7RZRUU/Headphones: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003ELYQJIMicro USB Cable: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00CTUIT20*It doesn't come with headphones, just an FYI*

Great android phone, as other reviews points out - sharp display, smooth apps and browsing, good GPS. Not the greatest camera. The only other possible downside is that it lacks 4G (which is fine by me).Works great with Consumer Cellular, in case any one else is wondering. They shipped me a SIM and it worked fine on the unlocked Moto G. I had to call them and they had to send it a configuration update to get 3G data working. Consumer cellular has the same coverage as AT&T; (they use AT&T;'s network) and the prices are a lot better. You can go in on the last day of your billing cycle and decide retroactively which plan you want to be on, based on your usage that month.

Received new phone in perfect working condition. Works outside the US on gsm network. No problems at all. Very pleased with the performance of the MOTO G.

I really am impressed with the phone, even if it is only 3g. Does everything I need. I was a little disapointed that most cell phone providers did not want to activate it though. I went with straight talk and so far I am very pleased with their service.  :)

Great phone with all the bells and whistles. Great price for this phone. Well worth the money. Not sure about the battery being sealed in the phone though. I can deal with that though.

My only complaint is the camera.  And I need a phone with a decent camera.  This sensor inside the phone is the noisiest I have seen...I took online reviews with a grain of salt but after seeing results of indoor shots with and without flash I am beyond disbelief they would put this camera module in a phone.  My LG L9 takes far better photos with less noise and a more natural tone.  I thought this being newer and the same price point it would have at least a similar camera.  The camera flash blows out EVERYTHING within a few feet.  So no flash for indoor shots of your friends.  Without flash they will be noisy, noisy, noisy. AVOID this phone if you want a phone to take any photos with.  There are also very few options to change any settings.  The rest of the phone is nice and I really wanted to keep it but the camera is just plain awful.

The phone is great. The only problem is that when I received it I noticed there was no charger adapter inside the box, only usb cable.

Super overall quality over price. For 3G-only phone the speed does not seem to be a problem. Camera is the only weakness in terms of picture quality, but still good enough for non-serious user.

Higly recomended.Everybody is happy about it

I say this is a great phone as I have been able to do everything I would do with a larger expensive phone. I am not a serious phone gamer and use it more for communicating and reading on the web. This allows me do that. Apps load quickly and the phone is pretty quick playing videos. The only issue is the camera so don't expect sharp quality images. If you like taking a lot of pictures for yourself look at something else. Apps installed over google play work well.Apps on my phone: Pizza/Shopping/Couple of games/Pandora/News/Comm Apps

I purchased the 16GB US version to use on straight talk.  Set up on straight talk took less than 45 min from putting in the Sim card to being able to make a call.  APN settings where easy to enter, everything is working perfectly.  I could care less about LTE as I have very good 3G strength where I am in the suburbs.  Updated to 4.4.2, this sure beats my old tracfone lg800g.

I am still after months of owning this amazed at the quality that I received for only 199.99. This easily plays all games I come across so far and has a really nice screen. The picture quality is pretty good and I use it regularly.

For this class the phone is realy good, it has all the needed features and updated immediately to android kit kat

I got the 16GB global GSM version direct from Motorola instead of Amazon as they were shipping faster but here it goes anyway. The phone feels well built, of quality materials and it handles well (can almost be use one-handed). I would have preferred the power button on top but it still better than having it on the left.Pros- good quadcore processor handles tasks easily given the 1GB of RAM- not much fluff on top of Android4.3 and guaranteed update to 4.4- good looking screen with vibrant colors and great resolution/DPI- built-in FM radio (yes, I'm old-fashioned but it was a must for me)- camera is decent for a phone- LED is powerful enough and makes a good spot for using as flashlight- built in compass is fairly precise and does not jump around muchCons- no SD card (this is more of a fault to me since I like to put loads of music on my phone and thus only 4 star rating. You get ~12GB free with the 16GB version)- no 4G (I get 8Mbits/second in San Jose, CA using 3G though which is sufficient to watch Neflix without a hitch)Edit1: despite what the description says in San Jose, CA using T-mobile prepaid I am not limited to 2G service. Actually 3G speeds are quite good as noted above. More than enough for me.for more detailed review --[...]

So, I'm not going to give some in-depth review about the phone's components.I bought this as my first smartphone because I went to Korea to teach for a year and figured it would be handy to have a dictionary on me at all times, as well as a map. As I'm not a big smartphone person, I figured I would go for the cheapest product that still had favorable reviews. I'm glad I did!So far, this phone has worked great - quality of calls is fantastic, it holds a charge for the whole day (provided you don't watch a ton of video and leave all of your apps open). If you turn off your data (for when you're camping, etc) a charge will last a full two days.People say the camera is sub-par. Yes, the camera could be better, but if you're paying $200 for a brand new smartphone, corners have to be cut somewhere. I'm still happy with it, nonetheless .

I bought this for my son for Christmas. Really great phone. He totally loves it. But, he dropped his motog from his study table with an amzer pudding case cover onto a carpet floor and screen cracked. Really disappointing for him. These screen are either poor quality or the case does not work.

I was looking for unlocked phone for international travel and use. I looked at many options and motorola G seems like value for money. Phone has been great so far and quality of hardware is better than i expected. Money well spent

I purchased this from Motorola directly, since Amazon was not selling it at that time. I am impressed with the build quality. The display is gorgeous. The touch screen is very responsive. The call quality and speaker volume are much better than what I have expected. I get battery life of two days with average use. Camera gets very good pics outdoor, but average indoors. Overall, this is an excellent phone for the price

Excellent phone, very nice good benefits, fast in aplications, good displays. Battery lasts mire than a day...very good price-value ratio..,!

I had my doubts about this phone, i doubted its quality for the price, but once i received i fell in love its a elegant phone, good built, fast does not feel cheap, definetely a great buy.

Motorola outdid themselves with this phone.  This is built like a tank and it feels great in the hand.  My wife and daughter love them.

After I broke my Galaxy S3 I thought I was gonna have to shell out another $600. This phone is JUST as good as the s3. Sure it doesnt have 4g capability but I don't even notice. If you are on the fence about this being too cheap...just go for it. I'm honestly considering keeping this as my go to smartphone for the next 10 years. It can only get cheaper. This does everything I need and more for an insane price.

I love this phone. It is very fast and responsive, great display with bright vibrant colors. Set up was easy. I was pleasantly shocked to see everything from my tablet, including my Kindle appear on the phone after I activated my Google account. It does everything well. Call quality is great. Email is quick and attachments load quickly and very readable.Thanks.

I purchased this as a Christmas present for my mom. Before that I had researched a ton of phones and had pretty much given up on finding something affordable. When the Moto G was announced in November I thought my prayers had been answered. A smartphone for $179?!? Made in the USA?! And running the latest Android?! I read every review and did my homework, and this phone did not disappoint. So much so, that I ended up surprising my dad with a Moto G as well.Spring forward 3 months and I am convinced this was an excellent Christmas gift. My parents love the phone. The bright screen is easy to read and the phone is fast!  It updated to Android KitKat as soon as we powered them on and the layout is easy to use. After helping them set up their phones (mom is on ATT Go Phone and dad is on Family Mobile) I was very impressed with their phones. I have an iPhone 4 and the Moto G put that to shame. When my parents visited in February I kept using my dad's Moto G instead of my iPhone. It was do much faster and handled Google maps like a champ!I read other reviews dinging the camera but my folks have taken some really good pics with their phones. All in all this is a great phone to have. So much so that as soon as my contract was up I joined the Motorola bandwagon myself.

This is an amazingly fast phone. Great features & wonderful screen display! I recommend it for anybody looking for an upgrade.

Fast shipping!  It arrived 3 days earlier.  I like how it feels and how easy to use with its app. Everything I am looking for in a smart phone with a very reasonable price.  I am so happy with my purchase!

For the money, there simply isn't a better Android phone in this market segment. I bought this as my daughter's first phone and it has been rock solid performer since day one with no issues. Inserted an AT&T sim card and it was smooth sailing.

Wish it had LTE, but that's my only real complaint.In every other way, this phone has exceeded all expectation.

I&#34;m very pleased with this phone. Id does everything I need in increadible price.Screen is clear and crispy , the phone runs fast . it has a good look an feel.if you are looking for a decent budget phone that does everything that iphone do in 1/3 price-that's your choice

I think this is a wonderful phone. I use it here in Venezuela with Movistar and it works great. No complains at all!

Good phone for an awesome price. With the update to Kit Kat, this phone is even more slick than ever. No other cheap phone comes near. Good buy, Must buy!

For the price this phone is well worth it. Be careful not to break it like I did. Had to buy a replace screen and fix it myself. Cost me another 85 bucks.Great phone all around. Also able to play some great games like Deus Ex: The Fall.

Been using this phone for about 3 weeks and absolutely love it! OK, the camera is just ok, but if I want to take a good photo I will use a camera. Sound quality is excellent....screen is bright and crisp..I have watched movies on it and I am impressed! I heartily recommend this phone to anyone!

Excellent phone for the price. I use it in Europe in 3G. Size format is similar to the iphone (one hand use). Kitkat is wonderful but VoIP settings are only missing in the original phone app. So I installed the cyanogenmod operating system and this solved the issue. AOSP is great for that.There is no micro sd card memory extension.

I experienced this 3 times with two difference phones and also read that it happens quite often online. Basically, sometimes I accidentally let my battery die out to the point where it shuts off completely. As a college student, that just happens. Normally, with my previous phones I plug it in to charge, it starts charging, and after a couple hours it's good to go. NOT WITH THIS PHONE! The 3 times this has happened, the phone will not charge, will not turn on, and the battery is not removable so there's really nothing you can do about it until it decides to turn on. When the first phone had this issue, Amazon was kind enough to send me a replacement free of charge. When this happened AGAIN with the second phone, I just had to return it for good once and for all. You can imagine how much of a hassle and inconvenience this is as a student or even a working professional. The first time the phone did eventually come on after 3 days of battling with it, charging and removing the charger, pressing the power button again and again. I was told it was a problem with the system, the phone is basically wired to not charge unless it is on...so if it has died completely it doesn't charge and cannot come back on. Your best bet is to basically not let it die completely...which, unfortunately, isn't realistic for me.It was a decent phone and it had everything I wanted but I just couldn't deal with that one problem....

I chose this cell phone because it is cheaper and it has quality. I like it and I recommend it.

Using it on Telus network here in Quebec ,Canada.No problem since i bought it.Blazing fast compare to the crappy phone i had before.I love it and i even got android 4.4.3 last friday (june 6) in the update...You cant go wrong with the Moto G at least for me.I would recommend to anybody on a budget.

Great phone and performance for a normal user like me.Just waiting for an stable custom rom (ie: slimkat) to install and the phone should perform even better.

At 20 days of using the phone is blocked and does not charge the battery. It is an excellent phone, but I have read many cases with this same problem

Good resolution , good stock android experience , camera could be a little better but for the money I payed I was happy, watch out for the Nokia XL though , it will be a good competition between them

&#36825;&#27454;&#25163;&#26426;&#30456;&#24403;&#30340;&#32473;&#21147;&#65292;&#25105;&#24456;&#21916;&#27426;&#65292;&#22312;&#27492;&#25105;&#35201;&#24863;&#35874;&#25105;&#30340;&#22909;&#26379;&#21451; ,&#35874;&#35874;&#24110;&#25105;&#25910;&#36135;&#65292;&#28982;&#21518;&#24110;&#24537;&#37038;&#23492;&#21040;&#20013;&#22269;&#26469;&#65292;&#36825;&#23558;&#26159;&#26368;&#22909;&#30340;&#23433;&#21331;&#25163;&#26426;&#65292;&#26159;&#32654;&#22269;&#30340;&#32418;&#31859;&#65292;&#23433;&#21331;&#25163;&#26426;&#30495;&#30340;&#24456;&#22909;&#29992;&#65292;&#27604;&#21516;&#20215;&#20301;&#30340;&#20013;&#22269;&#29983;&#20135;&#30340;&#25163;&#26426;&#37117;&#35201;&#22909;The phone quite a force, I think, and I want to thank my good friend, thank you help me receipt, and then mailed to China, it would be the best Android phones,an American Redmi Android phone is really very good, of course, the same price

They don't tell you. But this phone is waterproof too. Check the reviews on youtube. It fits well in my hand and pocket. Gets great reception and is fadt enough. I cant think of a reason (other than gaming) that I would want a more loades phone than this one.

Pros:Sub 200Solid performance (I've had 0 performance stutters or lag in the 3 months I've had it)Beautiful screen (not the best out there, but still a great display)Immediate Kit Kat updateVendor provided BootLoader unlockConstruction (I really like the design and feel, compared to my old Galaxy)Decent camera with a flashCons:No SD card slotNo 4GLess accessory options (it might have changed, but I bought it when it first came out, and was only available online from Motorola.  Hence there was nothing available for it in any brick and mortar stores)To sum it up:If you don't like getting tied to contractsif like me you killed your phone before you were up for a renewaland you cant\wont pay the crazy retail pricesYou only have a few options: buy used, Nexus, and Moto-GI love the Moto-G and don't regret not paying 2x more for the upgrade to Nexus

bought as a gift for my inlaws- in india.  It worked great there, just dropped in a microsim card and all was good.

I completely recomend this cellphone to any person who's looking for a great phone at a good price! 10/10 .

If you are looking for a good smartphone you can't beat this for the price. Not the fastest or newest on the market, but you're not paying a premium either. Have it running with straightalk with no problems.

Everything works great on the phone, it has a longer battery life than the Nexus 4 it replaced. The screen also has better color and is more vibrant. Sound is great on the phone, it doesn't matter if I am listening to music or on a call. The phone feels solid and if you go to this link [...] it shows it is more resistant to water damage than most smart phones.The only gripe I have with it is the touch screen is a little too touchy. When I touch the screen it doesn't seem to register in the spot I expect it and sometimes it moves the screen instead of clicking. Maybe I just have fat fingers, but I am not overweight and just wear large sized gloves.I bought the phone for my wife and myself and neither of us have had any issues, about 2 weeks of use so far.

When i received the phone everything looks fine, fast phone, very beautiful, but as soon as the charge went down and i hook up the phone to the charger i realized it didnt do anything, screen just turn on and off until the phone was completely dead, now the phone wont even turn on, am returning the device ASAP and hopefully received one that works

After 3 weeks, I'm super satisfied... best money I've ever spent!The screen is gorgeous, battery life is good, not a single drawback!

Amazing , can't beat the price, battery lasts long, no glitches perfect size cameras not to good but just buy a camera if that's a problem, and the no expandable storage is a bummer and no mhl support but other than that amazing! Once again 200$$$$$

This is my first andoid phone and I must say, I've been missing out. I know that there are more features available in the higher end androids, but I'm more than happy with this phone. I have the International 16Gb model and its been working great!! Its so responsive and easy to use, and responds quickly! Its quite a nippy wonderful phone and the build quality is awesome.The phone itself is very study. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to join the android world without paying the higher prices for a Samsung or iphone. You won't regret it!

It is really a great mobile for this price. It's nearly like Nexus 4. But camera is 5MP.Speed is good.

It does everything at a reasonable price.  Good reception.  Buy the 16gb version.  No more over priced Iphone for me.

Not too bigHas all one needs of a smart phone (leaving out the superfluous gesture recognition)The freedom of open-source in a high-quality product. No glitches or hangs.The camera is not overwhelming, but if you want a camera - you should buy one. This camera is for web-uses and not for photography of high-quality pics. No smartphone camera is.ENJOY!

I have a nokia c-3 now as a secundary cellphone and this as the first one. I'LL NEVER REGRET OF PURCHASING IT.Here in Venezuela works perfect.Thank you amazon, google and motorola.. this is a pure android!

This is a great Android phone.  The only drawback seems to be the camera, which I haven't used much.  If you use your phone primarily as a camera then buy an iPhone (or a camera).  If you want a fast Android phone that has a sharp screen and is easy to use 1-handed then this phone combined with T-Mobile's $30 a month prepaid plan is the most economical way to go.  Their LTE service is as fast as high speed cable internet and works much better inside buildings than their older HSPA+ 4G did.  This is a quad core phone that is nano-coated to resist water at a bargain price.Avoid the Sandisk Ultra Class 10 SD cards, though.  There are a lot of people finding these to be incompatible with this particular phone.  Motorola is working on the problem,  Class 6 cards from other companies seem to work better.  An older Lexar card works for me while the Sandisk card did not.

Such a well built phone. No complaints from mom or the highschooler. They use it just fine with the 3g speeds on T-mobile.

Great Phone. Amazing Price. Seriously, this the best deal on an unlocked phone that you're going to find. Before you consider buying a used Samsung, Motorola, or Nexus smartphone, check this out.

if you don't want to spend more than U$S 200 and want a very good cell, Moto G is the cell

the only thing that I am disappointed with this smart phone is the speaker doesn't work other than that it is good, you can hear it when someone called, you can hear music,but when it comes to hear with the speaker, for example if you let it seat on the desk or on the car dash board try to hear the other person talk you can&#34;t hear it, you got to bring it closer to your ear. I thought if I choose to listen with my hands free from holding it my understanding was to hear the other end who ever calling.but it didn't work that way.if you have any advise please let me know.thank you in advanceAster desta

I buy two phones Moto G, one of them gave it to my girlfriend, so I upgrade to the latest version of KitKat, while playing candy crush  the screen turn off and would not turn on again. Has only two months of use and became a paperweight and can not do, the policy of Amazon only accepts returns within a period of 30 days.

I love this phone.  I'm not that tech savy and found it very easy to use.  The help items are very informative for a person at my level.  Internet access is fast.  It's everything I need.

This phone is excellent for the price.  The build quality is solid, the screen is bright and vibrant in colors, and the operating system is responsive and quick.  It is a smaller phone and fits will in a pocket and is comfortable in the hand.  The only criticism I have is that the camera is not very good, and that is obviously where they cut cost on this otherwise excellent phone.  I don't care because I don't take many pictures.

Fantastic phone for the price. It doesn't have LTE and the build quality has one or two minor issues, but at this price I can't knock off a start for it. Works great worldwide. You feel like you're using a $400 phone. I do recommend 16gb though. The 8gb only has about 4gb of useable space and you'll use it up quickly.

Ordered this for my wife for Christmas to get her away from her old outdated candybar phone. It was a surprise to her and really raised the bar on her phone usage. Moto G is nicely sized with a good sized screen to look at and without all the carrier junk to clog things up. With the $15 discount AT&T; has for bring your own phone we got her into a data plan for just $5 more than we were already paying so that was nice can't wait for my 2 year hit to pay out so I can move on out.Moto G is a great option for a good clean and inexpensive Android phone with the chance to roll you own pricing either with the big 3 or one of the pay as you go options. Thanks Motorola and Google.Rainman

Still getting the hang of it, but so far it's worked really well and it's beautiful.  The picture is crazy clear and even though it's a bit on the big side, it does fit in my pocket, so I'm happy with it.  Thanks!!  (o;`,

This phone doesn't have basic features. I cannot turn off the vibration feedback. The scrolling does not work periodically. It has shut down in the middle of listening to music without it being touched in any way.I've had one replaced within 2 weeks of owning it and will probably return this one.

Yes, this is  a very good phone, i has better battery and performance than the most flagships. But, it have one dead pixel, its a black dead pixel, im so upset :(, and im in honduras and dont know if i have garanty :S

This phone is really good for the price, really glad I bought it, my brother got the same one for mum for mother's day.A++++++

Cell phone is the best in the market considering price-benefit relation. Fast, stable, multi-task, great screen, appropiate camera, easy to carry, solid! If you wanna get great smartphone affordale, don't hesitate, this is it!

It's been around a week since I've got it. The choice was between Nexus 5, Moto X and Moto G.The camera is not that bad. With normal light conditions photos are OK. I've started taking more pics with kids using the phone, which is a good sign of image quality, It has drawbacks in the low light, but it's written everywhere else.As for me, it's the best phone for the money at the moment and it's worth every $. It's fast and it works like a charm. Clear voice when calling, good audio and echo cancellation when calling via speaker, no issues with Skype video calls with decent video quality. I use GPS at car and for sports tracker - GPS works as good as at my specialized Garmin device.And it has lots of opportunities for those who like rooting, custom recovery, cyanogenmod etc. Of course, it voids warranty, but this is 200$ device. I hope, Morotola will continue with making such great phones as this one.

Super phone...worth more than the price tag.The build quality beats so many high end android phones like galaxy S4.Fast and sleek, you can't go wrong with this beauty.Of all the smartphones I've ever used including iPhone 4S, none can beat the battery life of this phone...

I have two Moto G. The first one was bought in my country, Chile. The other one by Amazon, in USA, for my wife. I guess they have different Android because they works different. The one comming from USA has problems to connect to my home's Wi Fi, in fact it has never got the connection. The Moto G purchased in Chile has not this problem. Why?Update 02/07/2014: I finally got it!! Both devices are now connected to WI FI...anywhere I go!! They work really good.

The system is smooth. The texture is beyond the price.The only thing needs to be improved is that the vibrate is too tough.

my  divice  that  i  purchased hoping  to  have  a  good  one did  not  last  4  month  and  is  giving  me  headaches,  first  the  sound  is  not  good  ,  cant  use  radio  on  speaker, the  camera  flash is  not  funtioning  also,  i  think  i  lose  my  monye, and  worst i  bought another  one  for  one  of  my  family,  i  regret  the  action. amazon  i think you  should  do  something  about  it,  now  that  i  want  to  return  it  i  cant,  it  is not  fair.  i  wont  use  this  site  never  again  if  you  dont  do  something.

Short and sweet...When I first got this phone, I loved it.  It was sleek, shiny, the screen quality was amazing, the call quality was great.  I had no complaints.A couple of weeks later, my phone suffered a serious OS crash.  Apps crashed, the phone froze, and it wouldn't turn off.  I followed the troubleshooting guide and did everything I was supposed to to get the phone working like normal again, including the dreaded factory reset.  All to no avail.  My phone currently sits in Texas where it has been for nearly two weeks, being (hopefully) repaired.Perhaps others weren't as unfortunate.  But I have to consider my personal experience with the Moto G a definite bust.

The cell phone came to me with the android jelly bean version and I could update it to the kitkat version.

I Liked the product and satisfied. Also, I may had gave 4 stars unless it wasn't sold with the tag made in china. I was expecting made in US. ;)

Great phone.  Our family now has 3 of these devices.  A lot of value for the money.  Absolutely no problems to report.

I bought this phone for my mother, who comes from a Mytouch 4g (so old, I know!). I myself have an iPhone 5, but I use a Nexus 7 and accept that there are other perfectly workable mobile operating systems out there other than iOS.Why didn't I buy a top of the line phone like the Galaxy S4 or a HTC One? My mom's never ever going to use the millions of features that HTC and Samsung stuff into their respective devices. I wanted a phone that worked well, and didn't sacrifice battery life for an niche eye tracking software or some other gimmick. In terms of other phones that I was looking at, I was making note of the Nexus 4 (or 5). However, when I read about the Moto G, I knew this was the one for my mom.Amazon upgraded the shipping from two days to one day (thank you for that!) and I received it last Sunday. Packaging is minimal, but there's nothing wrong with that. The phone itself is built very well. Solid, feels great in my hand. Screen is gorgeous, almost edge to edge. But I won't ramble on and on about the features because I'm sure that you've done your homework by reading the other reviews and checked out the tech blogs.I bought this phone because this is how Android is supposed to be. Google owns Motorola, so there's no obtrusive manufacturer skin covering Google's OS. No carrier apps slowing down the quad core processor. Look, I know it's not the most powerful phone. It's not going to be the best or win any benchmark tests. However, I'm looking at the overall experience for the phone because my mom doesn't care about the specs. She just wants the phone to work when she needs it to. And that's where it delivers. Everything just works (well!), and I wouldn't choose another phone for her. Phone calls? Check. Facebook? Check. Camera? Check. Buttery smooth operating system? Check.Get the 16 gig version because 8 gigs won't last you for anything. The 50gb Google Drive storage is a nice touch.Also, I had to dig around for this information, but if you want to use T-Mobile on this phone, get the US GSM version. There's no legitimate 4g radio in the Moto G, but faux g (HSPA+) on T-Mobile works great. Just ran a speedtest and got 10 mb upload and 3.5 download speeds.

This phone does exactly what I want, and works perfectly. I am sure some will want a better camera, but I wanted a quality phone first, camera was a tertiary concern, at most. The bluetooth works well, as does the streaming for Pandora. Happy camper here.

It's impressive good looking smart phone. Being iPhone n Galaxy user, I can compare the performance and it's pretty snappy. Kit kata is very user friendly.One negative .... No charger in the box only the USB cable. New way to save money for Motorola ...I guess.

ProsNice displayGood video playbacklightgreat priceConspoor soundthe touch screen doesn't workGoogle apps won't work

It seems from previous reviews that initially the Moto G had a micro SD card slot.  NOT ANYMORE.  It has been replaced with a free 50GB of Google Drive space for 2 years.  my preference is for an SD card slot which gives me memory space ALWAYS available.  If I had known, I would have bought another phone.  AMAZON should mention this in the description.  Furthermore, I have Redeemed the 50GB extra space.  It said it did work but I am not shown any extra space yet.  Another issue to solve.

It has a classy look.Easy to useGreat colorSlimmer than the Samsung I had beforeFairly pricedBattery life

This phone is an absolute game changer. Kudos to Motorola for recognizing a new sweetspot and spec'ing a great phone to hit it. Absolutely the only thing I miss by not having 4G on this is downloading a large podcast or music lightning quick on the road. HSPA+ is slower but still very workable in a pinch.In case anyone is wondering, tethering (i.e. sharing your 3G Internet connection via WiFi with your devices) is enabled and works great. Yet another reason to never again by a locked carrier phone!

The phone is really good. its very fast and battery life is much better than you can expect from a smartphone.

For the price is good os a hood cellphone but the pack justo comes with a single cable i didnt liked that

Had zero problems activating this phone on the AT&T; network.  My old phone used a mini-SIM and this one uses a micro-SIM.  Took both phones to the AT&T; store and explained what I needed.  They made a new SIM and activated this phone on their network for free in about 15 minutes.  Still haven't used the phone overseas, which is half the reason I bought an unlocked phone, but that usage/test is coming.As for the phone itself, it's been great so far.  Very nice display and fast processing power.  There's almost zero lag when opening apps.  So far, so good.

Great device for such low price, great performance, audio & video quality are nice, games run smoothly on this device also apps. the universal 4g LTE is True I'm from panama and this works just fine with 4g services. Great product.

Awesome Phone! Had to swap my mini sim for a micro sim, turn on and I'm getting LTE and 3G on t-mobile. Fortunately this phone allows you to select specific networks. I selected 2G.  Another great feature (for me) is you can  select 'data off'.In Tucson, my old 'flip phone' (didn't have these features) when in buildings it would always go into 'searching for network' mode and waste battery big time. But not with this phone when set to use  2G. In my Condo my flip would (at best) have 1 or 2 bars. The Moto G set to 2G has 3 or 4 (usually 4), consistently.Battery life has been great, for my uses anyway. My plan gets expensive when using data, so data is off and I connect with WiFi when needed. Putting the phone in 'airplane mode' over night, and really not using it much during the day, phone had been on 11 days prior to charging it last time. Had about 25% battery left prior to charging.I can only attest to my style of usage, obviously. But having the phone at the ready, can take pics, video etc when needed, then upload when WiFi is available, works great for me. I hate outrageously expensive phone plans.May be visiting South America soon, and their GSM networks are at 850 or 1900, so I'll simply buy a pre-paid sim and good to go!Yeah, I'm very happy with this phone, highly recommend it.

it is a great phone. i was able to upgrade/update the android to KIT KAT OS upon receiving the phone. the only issue is the phone only has a 3G capable.

Great phone, responsive, good build, excellent screen.3 stars due to below average camera and lack of external SD slot.

It worked fine up until now.It won't even turn on. It just shut off. The return window ended on 4/5/14.

I was very impressed by this phone in fact I bought several for my family. The size is perfect for one-hand use. The phone does not have &#34;crapware&#34; and it can be easily claimed to be &#34;stock google android&#34;. The camera isnt the greatest but it is fine for social media sharing and you can actually fix the pictures to your liking using google+. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a smart phone and does not want a contract. Works well with t-mobile and it is fast on its hspa+

gr8 phone amazing service.motorola have done an extraordinary job with this phone by keeping it simple an functiona.recommended to all!!!

This is probably the best unlocked phone for the price you can find (at the time of purchase). The build is not as good as the Nexus 5 but is kind of expected for the price. If you only want to spend under $200 for a good phone, this is the one.

Very comfortable, long battery life, and good screen.The latency is very short, and the whole experience is very good.Exceeds the expectation at this price.

Really long battery life and it charges faster than Nexus 4, HTC One (M7) and Nexus 5.  Feature wise, you can read it all in Gizmodo and Engadget.  But the battery life does go longer than 12hrs easily with moderate use.  Mail UK, Web browsing, Photos, etc.Photo quality is lacking.  Maybe on par with Nexus 4.  You'll want to get the Motorola Grip Shell to get a better grip on the phone.I couldn't wait to get the LTE version so I settled for this instead and took it to China for a trip.

This review might provide a different viewpoint than some of the other reviews. I have used a T mobile prepaid phone for years (happily -- I hate spending money for tech I won't really use) but had dropped the phone several times and the camera finally gave out.  I decided to get an unlocked phone that I could use on T mobile's special $30/month prepaid plan, so my research led me to the unlicked Moto G.I've had the phone for a few days, and am delighted so far.  Since I've never owned a smartphone (though have played with others' phones over the years) it seems quite serviceable for what I need.  I was especially interested in getting better photos, and though I realize this camera is consider "average" by most users and reviewers, it is definitely much better than my previous phone's camera.  Quick moving subjects do blur, unfortunately, but the lighting is fine for the shots I take (my phone has the Google Play camera and Android Kit Kat update).  (If you are a serious photographer you will probably want a different phone.)The speed of the phone on both Tmobile and my Freedompop router (wifi) is satisfactory for my needs.  Messaging, surfing, and gaming at my level of usage are all excellent.The phone itself has a beautiful, bright screen, and handles well.  I'm purchasing a protective case for it since, as you can see, I don't buy a phone every time new models come out.For someone who is budget conscious and who wants a great phone at an affordable price, I think this is a fantastic choice. Add in a thrifty phone plan, and the Moto G is hard to beat.Edit:  My phone is US GSM 16G, not the Global GSM version.

Best phone ever. Arrived quicker than expected. It did not come with a charger adapter, it just came with the USB cable.

I really really love my Motorola G, its so useful, runs fast, there are some heavy games that I can download and play without problem.Battery is most awesome aspect of this phone, something that I hate about smartphones is the s***ty batteries. With this, I spend 32 hours using it, normally,  connected with wi-fi all day long, using apps, chrome, taking pictures.Cool screen.Delivery was in time and I cant believe it was only $199.

Maybe if I were a hardcore smartphone user I would see it differently.  After getting by with not-so-smart phones for many years, I finally caved and got this baby.  It does so much so well that I really don't see the point of spending more money on a smartphone, at least not if you prefer Android.  Where would a higher-end phone get you?  If you want actual productivity, you would need a tablet or a laptop, not an even more souped up phone.

PERFECT PHONE THANKS !!

Great phone for a great price. Fit for hand, very stable, great battery life. only thing bothering me is the 5mp camera. still great for this price

I've been using a BlackBerry Bold prior to getting this phone.  I was more or less pleased with it, but it was getting buggy and old and needed to be put to pasture.  I did a LOT or research prior to purchasing the Moto G 16GB.  All the reviews said the exact same thing - this is easily the best phone for the money by a long shot.  I ordered it and have been super happy ever since.The phone itself has a wonderful, crisp, clear, and bright screen.  It is very responsive and faster than it has any right to be.  I can't imagine how any other phones are worth the price premium.  It's notably bigger than an iPhone, but not crazy big like other magazine sized phones.  To me, it's shape is pretty ideal.  Aps and games work well on the phone.  I've downloaded several of each and everything runs very smooth and fast.  This is easily the best deal in smartphones.  I HIGHLY recommend this phone to anyone.  I love mine.

Dont waste you money on the expensive iphones or samsungs, this is a cheap an amazing phone, i bought mine at Verizon for $99 and i am buying a second one from amazon for my wife to use with t mobile.With this phone I am doing the same things my friends are doing with their expensive phones

So good dude, I love it and simple stock android done well and it's literally a beautiful phone. So bomb

Because he deserver itAndroid, 4.4 Big screen chiep nice look quad coreOnly tink that sucks its the camera

I bought 2 phones and which work very good with a great value for the price vs preformances  Just Perfect

It is really a good cellphone. Good signal, good display. Very responsive. You wouldnot regret in buying this. IT is better than iphone in my eye.

excellent product very well packed thanks!!...

I'm not a tech geek or phone expert, but this is much better than I expected. Even more, it's much better than my daughter expected! Of course she wanted an iPhone 5 but it was way out of my price range. This has the cool styling and all the features she wanted. My son now wants one too...it's on its way to deliver this week! My kids are on Straight Talk and it really was easy to transfer the number to this phone. Just pick up their BYOP kit with the SIM cards. Put the card in and follow the instructions.

After installing Kitkat and the update to the camera this phone is hands down the BEST value in the mobile market.  I made the switch to the Moto G because I broke my Nexus 5.  Comparing the two---I can notice the drop in screen resolution however the colors are much more vibrant than on the Nexus 5.-The loudspeaker is MUCH MUCH better than the Nexus 5.  The only loudspeaker that bests the one in the Moto G that I have heard is the HTC One-The camera is bad.  The moto controls make it a little better, but this is the area where motorola skimped.-Call quality is improved over the Nexus 5.-The included black backing is slippery.  I feel like its going to slip out of my hand, however it is just the right size to hold which mitigates this somewhat.-I missed the Nexus 5 launcher and swipe left for google now, but I just installed the launcher on the Moto G.-It is not as snappy as the Nexus 5 but the difference is minimal.  It is leaps and bounds above any other phone in its price range.-The loss of LTE sucks.  But, for most people HSPA+ will suffice.If you are considering the Moto G--just do it.  I am a phone snob.  I change phones constantly always looking for the newest and best.  So, believe me when I say this is the best value in the market today by far.

Just awesome!  I am a huge android nerd and I needed a phone that was as close to stock as possible but relatively cheap.  I bought this for my wife as her first phone and couldn't be more pleased.  Having the expandable microSD and LTE makes this phone unbeatable for the price.

Decent phone!

I replaced my virgin mobile device with the Moto G.  Had been reading reviews for no less than 10 candidate smartphones. Tired and weary of my search, the Moto G was launched earlier than planned.  Thank you Motorola.I ride a single speed bike and wear Levi's commuter jeans.  The Moto G slim design is a winner in the front pockets of my not so skinny jeans

This &iacute;tem is over my expectations  for hos Excelent price and nice cuality. Thanks Google for this machine. My wife's si happy!

Someone used the phone before sent it and forget to remove google account.It's unfair to sell the phone as new and sealed.

I bought the Moto G to use for my trips to Europe. It worked perfectly!!! It was cheaper to buy the phone and a sim card in Ireland then using my iPhone and my current US provider.

I bought this for my Dad in India. He absolutely loves it and it works for the careers in India as well, as I bought the Global version.

Coming down from Nexus 4, the Moto G has been up to par with the flag-ship performance and value wise.

The phone feels well built with quality materials and handles well, very good technology I Feel Happy with, recommend completely

GSM on only - battery goes down up to 3% per hour. I get less than that with older CPU's such as the one in GS3, or Nexus 4.Regarding the LCD. It's not as bright as I expected it to be. This is certainly less than 400 nits.Colors are completely off but I don't care. Whatever saves the battery. But, with LCD on, battery goes down some 50% per hour  which not any different than AMOLED in GS3. What's the point then of having smaller, crappier LCD in the body bigger than Moto X ?Overall, 11mm thickness didn't work for me. Handling this phone and Moto X is like night and day.Most importantly. Can you get better phone for 200$ ?Well, LG L9 is 3 years old and was selling for similar money. Put a bit newer  SoC in it and it would be light years ahead of Moto G. Battery lasts 3 days with GSM on only (the same ~2000mah battery). Despite being a slightly larger phone, LG L9 feels smaller in your hand and is much easier to use. So, when I put Moto G into this perspective, you can tell Motorola is making good money out of this phone. There is nothing that makes it more expensive than LG L9 for example.

excellent

If this were a more expensive phone, I'd probably not rate it 5 stars.However for $180-$200 you get a performant smartphone that is more than adequate for the tasks that most of us require (I don't game on the phone). Plus you get the latest version of Android, in an almost pristine skin.While the image capture isn't great, the camera UI is WAY better than the crappy stock Android one (circle UI).If Motorola / Google / Lenovo improved the image quality, they'd have produced the perfect smartphone for the masses, and that is a commendable feat.

Great phone for the price. It works well as long as you don't have excessive apps running in the background.

I am satisfied and biggest surprise is the mobile pack does not contain charging unit. I am not sure is that charging unit neglected by all mobile manufactures ?

I got this phone as an upgrade from my old Morola X2, and it is worlds ahead of my old one. the phone feels very solid and well built, it doesn't look like motorola cheaped out any on this thing. It is a bit heavy/bulky, but that is only when compared to the $500-$600 phones on the market today. The 4.4 kitkat is phenomenal, very quick and responsive. One con, however, is the memory. With the OS installed and everything, I think you get about 6.5 gigs of user memory, which for music, photos, videos, apps, etc. is going to be pretty cramped. As there is no MicroSD slot in this phone, i highly recommend that you spend the extra $20 and get the 16gb version. it will be WELL worth the money in the long run. Aside from that, not many complaints. The back is rounded so it won't sit solidly on a table, which bugs me, but can be fixed with a case. The speaker is pretty good, it gets loud enough to fill a small room, so no complaints there. Overall, the phone is absolutely phenomenal for how cheap it is, so I definitely recommend it.

I purchased this phone for my middle school child and quite honestly, I'm thinking of getting one for myself. It is an excellent phone. It's great looking and the videos are super clear. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a good phone at an excellent price.

I replace my HTC Sensation with this and I love it. Its a solid phone with great battery life. There is little to no software bloat and stock the device runs very smoothly. I can't speak to the mod ability of the phone, but I haven't felt the need to do anything to change it.

I choose this cellphone because it had good reviews and it had a reasonable price. I only had the cellphone for two weeks and for now I have no problems with it. The phone is brand new, and only comes with a USB cable.

i got this phone for as much as my deductible would have been to replace my old junk alcatel P O S.

Purchased it a month ago. No troubles yet. Very quick and smart smartphone. Great money value. I am fully satisfied.

Sold my nexus 4 for this waiting for the moto x2 to come out. It's quick and a near stock android experience. Loving the LTE and SD card. Battery is phenomenal

Recived on time and no problem, good to recomend

I just have to say, stop wasting money on other cheap ugly budget phones that aren't even worth your $200+.The Moto G is fast with a bright HD display that doesn't look or feel cheap in the hand. It's a 4.5 inch screen foreasy one handed operation, so its relatively the size of an iphone5 body (but moto g with a bigger screen)The Moto G is as close as stock Google Nexus operating system gets. You get the latest and greatest updatesespecially 4.4.2 KitKat already available on this device when other higher-end phones do not have it yet.It's simple and clean to use without the bloatware (unnecessary apps and features you wouldn't need)It's a perfect starter phone for any user who wants to try android, even if you already are a big fan or userof android phones, this is such a little beast for its performance at such a low cost that doesn't skimp. Iwould easily use this as a backup phone and give to younger kids inexpensive phones. The end userwouldn't end of knowing its a $200 phone...because it is certainly the best phone right now in its price class!!!

If you are going to use phone for pics wait until Motorola updates camera software like they did for Moto x. You can read Moto G forums on Motorola website if you doubt my advice.

This problem is in general for this model. I let the battery drain and after that I couldn't charge it again. I read on Internet a way to solve it: plug and unplug the charger until the led on the top turns on.

For the price, this phone is amazing.  Its essentially a $500 phone for $179.  I'm not saying its as good as an HTC One for Galaxy S IV, but for its price, its far and away the best thing on the market.

pros--almost stock android-great performance even for high end games-cheap price-great design-excellent call qualitycons--none

I love this phone; if you're having trouble installing the micro SD card, put it in another android phone and let that phone format the card. Once it's been &#34;okay'd&#34; go ahead and put it in your Moto G and it should work.

nice nice nice[...][...]So here is one happy brilliant poet who uses Moto G now!You will not be sorry!

An excellent unlocked, inexpensive handset. The screen size, quality and brightness is exceptional for the money. The battery is large and easily lasts more than a day even with moderate use. In mostly light usage, I could see getting 3-4 days. Speaker loudness was much better than I expected. Performance and responsiveness is also top notch, but I don't game or anything to task the GPU. Camera was one area that was penny pinched, especially low light performance, but I rarely use it for anything other utility shots, so no big deal. The lightly skinned version of Android with rapid updates from Moto is also a welcome change from the slower-than-molasses or non-existent carrier updates. All in all, an excellent value for the money.

I just needed a new phone. My daughter is regularly pointing out all of the great features of this phone, and daily begging for it.I just wish the owner's manual was written in laymen terms, and the phone cover was offered at the time of purchase.I love my phone.Ruth

This phone is absolutely amazing. Great screen, perfect size, awesome battery life, decent camera/video for a phone, kit kat upgradable, etc. I have been blown away by this phone. Let me tell you that you wouldn't begin to believe that this is available for only 179/199. It obviously doesn't compare to the top of the line models, but for the price and what this phone can do, this could easily sell for 299 dollars. There are two drawbacks that come to mind though; However, not too major in my opinion. The battery is not easily replacable and there is no external sd card storage. That said, if you get your hands on a replacement battery and a t4 torx screwdriver, and have a basic knowledge on how to use a screwdriver you can replace the battery. As for the limited storage use, you have the option to get the 16 GB version. Or, as this phone is otg capable, you can connect an otg cable and connect a thumb drive to store or retrieve additional media or files. Also, you have free cloud storage such as google drive that can store quite a bit of GB's of files or media. Overall, for the amount packed in this phone and for the price, I give this phone an easy five stars.

Best value for the money. Great built, Kit-Kat, fast processor, great screen, unlocked.  I live in Guatemala and works as expected.

Nice phone. It is very snappy and downloads are very quick. The ringer is good and loud which is important to me and the call quality is great. I put in my Consumer Cellular sim card and the phone works just fine.  If you want a no contract phone this is a good one.

Love the phone BUT Amazon sent the WRONG Sim Card-(wrong size, doesn't fit in phone). Now I have to go and buy another one tomorrow so I can get my phone activated. POOR SERVICE from Amazon in that regard.

I am replacing a broken nexus 4 with this and like it better so far. The colors and contrast are great and I can reach every where with one thumb.  I can barely make out individual pixels at a normal distance.The speaker sounds good while on any side thanks to the curve, which also makes holding it comfortable. You can tell what side you are touching and feel the buttons easily without looking. The FM radio is a nice bonus. A very clean Android OS, only a few uninstallable Motorola apps. The camera app could be better (nexus 4s newest one let's you press any button to take a picture and tap to focus). There is only a USB charger, no outlet adapter or headphones, understandable for the price. Speeds are great. If you don't need a crazy camera or 4g this is as good as it gets in my opinion. They have matched the iPhone for a fraction of the price and no contract.

Lovely phone at a reasonable price. It has a memory card slot which I didn't see in the online description. As a result the 4G LTE is definitely preferable to the 16GB 3G model. The white color is also lovely. I upgraded from a Samsung Exhibit II, and there is no looking back!

like new cellphone,  very faster , now i see the others phones very expensive, i update to 4.4.2, excellent. The battery is all that a normal person need to forget the charge. i can use it all day. i install a live wallpaper  and only need to charge around 10 hours later for use it all night.the only thing that you need to know is the memory is limeted sometimes we think that we need more but with the 16gb version we can resolve

Rating is for USPS shipping method, not for the phone.I have not tested the phone completely but so far so good. I have problem shipping with USPS. Though I have prime membership, I paid $4 for one day shipping and it supposed to deliver on 04/05 but they didn't and on top of it they updated the tracking number with couple of messages &#34;notice left&#34; but there was no slips in the mail box. Finally I got it on Monday after asking specifically about the package.

the team reached damaged not read any sim card the team reached damaged not read any sim card I want a refund of my money

This phone is one of the best phones in had held in my hands. I want to get for my gf.

I have used the Moto G 8GB for over a month now.  Very happy with the phone overall!Upgraded to KitKat on initial use and has clean android with minimal bloat ware.  Getting 50 GB of google drive free is a bonus.  Very happy with the battery life, bluetooth, and overall performance.  I use the phone primarily as a music player and did not need the best camera or 4g.  Unlocked gsm makes it easy to select  MNVO that meets you needs and provides best value.

I  buy a moto g  with 16g  rom,but it only 12G,can  be  use ,so disappointed  to  Lenovo !!!!!!!word for  requierd

good phonejust i have one problem in the second days, the phone restart and then the battery status was 1%(the battery was completely charged, the phone never turn off (in the  next 2 days) until i charge again, and all the time show 1%, i contact Motorola and not solution, they have really bad sopourt centre, otherwise the unique problem is any of the volumen controls (in the headphones) work in it, i try with v-moda, samsumg, apple and others generics, you need to buy the soul

This is a really good phone! Remenber the price that you`re paying before you write bad things about this phone. iF you want better pictures spend 400$ and you will get the kind of pictures that you wish. But this is a 180$ cellphone and has a incredible CPU performance, the display are very very good.

I highly recommend this product. It's as high end as you get on a budget. Do go ahead and pay the extra 20 for the storage.

This phone is worth its price. I found it better than my all my nexus devices, probably because of its looks and price point!! Go for it!!

The Moto G is hands down the BEST smartphone in the &#60; 200$ price range at the moment.I fell in love with the Moto G the moment I held it in my hand, its design, shape and curves are just perfect.The 4.5inch display is so crisp, clear and pleasing to the eye and I enjoy using my phone all the time.I upgraded to Adroid 4.4.2 Kitkat as soon as I got my Moto G and boy o boy... navigating the UI now is so smooth and intuitive especially because Motorolla deceided not to fiddle so much with the OS so as retain the TRUE & PURE ANDROID EXPERIENCE.Now I've ended up with an android device that has only what I need so I don't have to worry about clutter from multiple apps and widgets that I don't want/need, my Moto G now feels like &#34;MY&#34; Moto G.Loved the Motorola Migrate app on my Moto G that helped me move my stuff from the old Samsung Galaxy duos I was using.The battery was able to get me through a day of normal use and the camera is fair so to say... I can't complain for a 200$ phone.Overall this phone is a superb all round performer and I would recommend it for anyone who wants to get a device that packs a punch interms of overall performance and pocket friendly at the same time not forgetting the PURE ANDROID EXPERIENCE that comes with the device.Best smartphone deal ever.

Mid to high end phone specfification with low to mid phone price from motorola.Hope motorola will release next Moto-G

Excellent mid-range phone at a great price. A couple of caveats:1. The 8GB of internal flash memory gets full pretty fast. You only get 5.52 GB of that space to use, the operating system uses the rest of it. The key thing is to put in a 32GB MicroSD card and move any application that permits itself to be moved to the MicroSD card over to the MicroSD card (many apps can't be moved). Music, photos, videos, map data, etc., should all be placed on the MicroSD card as well. With apps moved to the SD card the 5.52GB is sufficient.2. Avoid the GSM-Only Model. The LTE model is not much more expensive and besides the LTE radio it also has a Micro SD card slot so you can expand the memory up to 32GB. It also is "universal" so it will work well both in and out of the U.S. for both voice and data.Sorry, Amazon messes up reviews with spaces to align things so I used _:_________________________________________Moto_G_USA___Moto_G___Moto_G_____________________________________________USA____Global_LTE__UniversalGSM/GPRS/EDGE_(850,_900,_1800,_1900_MHz)______Y_________Y_________YUMTS/HSPA+___850____________________________Y_________Y_________YUMTS/HSPA+___900____________________________N_________Y_________YUMTS/HSPA+__1700____________________________Y_________N_________YUMTS/HSPA+__1900____________________________Y_________Y_________YUMTS/HSPA+__2100____________________________N_________Y_________YLTE_700,_850,_1700,_1900______________________N_________N_________Y3. While the Moto G LTE supports LTE, it has the same issue as the iPhone 5/5S/5C where the GSM radio and the LTE radio share one antenna. Hence as soon as you place a call, you'll see the data symbol change from "LTE" to an "H" or an "H+" (HSDPA or HSDPA+). The Moto X does not have this issue, data remains LTE even when on a call. Practically speaking it's not a big deal. Where it's a big deal on the iPhone is on CDMA networks like Sprint and Verizon because on CDMA networks in order to do simultaneous voice and data you must do voice on CDMA and data on LTE. So iPhones on Sprint and Verizon can't do simultaneous voice and data, period (well unless you use a VOIP app like GrooveIP).4. This is not an issue with the Moto G LTE, but with any LTE capable phone--you MUST set up your APN (Access Point Names) correctly for LTE to work. We have three Moto G LTEs and one Moto X on Consumer Cellular (they are the only AT&T; MVNO that offers both LTE data and off-network roaming (same domestic coverage as AT&T; postpaid)). For Consumer Cellular it is:Name: CCLTEAPN: ccdataProxy:  = Not SetPort:  = Not SetUsername:  = Not SetPassword:  = Not SetServer:  = Not SetMMSC: http://mmsc.mobile.att.netMMS Proxy:  proxy.mobile.att.netMMS Port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication Type: NoneAPN type: default,mms,agps,supl,fotaAPN Protocol: IPv4APN Roaming Protocol: IPv4APN enable/disable: APN enabled  (not changeable)Bearer: UnspecifiedMVNO Type: NoneMVNO Value: 2AC9 (not changeable)5. If you buy from Motorola directly, supposedly you get one free screen replacement. They also give you a free back cover in a choice of colors to replace the existing back cover. But they gave me a big hassle about buying three phones for some reason.6. The phone is slippery. Get a case that provides a good grip. Moto G cases fit the Moto G LTE.7. A couple of times the whole display has started blinking at about a 1 Hz rate. Don't know what caused this.Finally, I put together a comparison of different MVNOs (Mobile Virtual Network Operators), many of which can be used with this phone (basically any GSM or GSM/LTE carrier). The most important thing is to avoid T-Mobile at all costs unless you NEVER leave urban areas. The second most important thing is to choose an AT&T; MVNO that allows off-network roaming because services like Cricket have big gaps in some areas. The third most important thing is to choose an AT&T; MVNO with LTE data since using LTE uses less battery (because you're downloading data faster then going into standby and turning the screen off and the screen is the biggest current drain). See tinyurlDOTcomSLASHmvnocomparison for a spreadsheet comparing carriers. Remember, only the GSM and GSM/LTE carriers on that spreadsheet can use the Moto G LTE or Moto G GSM. Sadly, my conclusion is that Consumer Cellular is the optimal choice if you're looking for a non-contract carrier IF you're using it with at least three phones on one plan and IF you're not a data hog.

This cellphone is perfect!It has everything I wanted, it is quite snazzy and the battery lasts for a day (with a power app) and the overall performance is fast. I've been able to have better quality skype calls than with my laptop!As my first cellphone without a physical keyboard, I found the keyboard easy to use and adapt to. I changed from a blackberry and the changes were quite easy, it is very user friendly. I totally recommend it for the price

This phone is fantastic. It works really well. It meets my expectations. I recommend it. The negative, do not have charger. Buy the accessory separately.

This is a good deal for a phone. Its inexpensive & has all the features of a smartphone. I bought one for me & one for my boyfriend.

You get a lot more than you paying for!Liked everything but the shoulder buttons, they have a little backlash and looks cheap!Would recommend this phone to everybody!

I bought mine for the following reasons:Loud speaker and T4 hearing aid compatibility.Close to pure android - like a Nexus 7 with a dialer.Compatible with T-Mobile (100 min 5Gb $30.00 plan).Fast.In the months I have had it, I have found it highly useful and almost keeps me away from my tablet as much as the tablet keeps me away from the desktop.In addition, I have parked my GPS (back country) and use it for hikes - far faster than my old GPS and much more accurate!If you are on ATT or T-Mobile, this phone is a no brained - buy it!

Love the phone. It's as good as an iPhone. Highly recommend. I just have to move my sims card from my old TMobile phone to this phone without having to call T-Mobile. The screen size is bigger than an iPhone, too.

Very disappointed this phone didn't come with a USB wall charger.Only has the USB cord.  Now I will have to purchasea wall charger.

Amazing device, run very fast. Run native android without blotware. Get oficial android updates very fast. Batery life its very good

Awesome Andriod phone, all upgrade are available. Excellent performance.Only thing missing is the wired charger & hand free cable

Excellent phone!!! I very happy!!! Work in Venezuela!! Amazing!!  Excelente telofono recomendado 100 % esta liberado para las 3 bandas!

Best android phone for this price. Two months using this not even one time hang.After latest update it's supporting USB OTG.Moto G rocks.

I've owned a ton of smartphones that date back to the G1 and the Palm Pre, probably around 30 different phones over the last 5 years. The Moto G is by far the best phone I've ever seen for the money. I love this phone, honestly there are times when I prefer using it over my Note 3. The screen is beautiful, processor/RAM combo runs the stock Android software smooth, build quality is way better than its price would make you assume. The only one single con I can think of is that the phone only has an okay camera. It's not horrible, it's just not something I'd call good. If Amazon allowed me to give stars on a 10 scale the camera would push me to give this a 9/10 overall score but being it's out of 5, I'll round up. If you have any doubt's over the lack of LTE you shouldn't I get a solid 10 Mbps download through T-Mobile. Overall the best bang for your buck in early 2014. I have zero regrets.

Love this phone. This is my favorite phone. Perfect for anyone that wants a unlocked phone. It's hard to find cases on a store. That's the only bad thing.

This is my first smart phone and it suits me to a T. Does everything and want and much more. The model is so new that local shops don't have many accessories for it. My only complaint is that it is hard to see the screen information when in direct sunlight.

I think this is a pretty nice phone, great specs and a great price for what you're getting. Totally recommended!

This review needs to be taken in context of its price.  If you compare this phone to $600 super-phones then of course it is going to fall short.  But if you compare it to other phones in its price range then its hard to beat.  While relatively small (4.5&#34;), the screen still is very nice; no its not 1080, but for such a small screen you don't need that resolution; its bright and the colors are great.  The phone is very responsive and all basic operations work well.  I don't do heavy gaming on my phones so I can't rate how it will handle high end games, but the games I do play play very well on the phone.  Its only got 16GB of storage but that is not a big minus for me.Now, there are compromises with this phone.  Its a 3G only phone.  If you are on T-Mobile with their 21 Mb/s network that is not a big loss.  For browsing and streaming this phone performs better than my HTC Evo 4G LTE did on Sprint.  On ATT's more congested network it might be more of an issue.  The camera is also nothing to write home about.  It does its job, but if you believe a phone can be your primary camera you might want to look else where.  There also is no NFC, but I never used it on my last phone or my Android Tablet so I am not exactly feeling its loss.Overall, this might be the nicest smartphone I have ever owned.

Excellent product at amazing price delivered flawlessly by Amazon

I bought this phone as a second phone when my Samsung S4 was being repaired.  I am totally pleased with the Moto G.  It has a good battery life, feels good in the hand (not cheap feeling) and is responsive with a clear display.  I'm thinking of selling my S4 whilst it has some value and using the Moto G.  Although not an S4, the Moto G superbly well.  Highly recommended.  Pity Google has sold Motorola to LeNovo.  Hopefully LeNovo will carry on producing similar top quality/value phones.

I am so glad I decided on this...since I'm a big supporter of Google and Google Chrome, I was very excited to buy the Moto G.  The phone, being a Google product, automatically syncs with Chrome and backs up your files, pics, etc, if you allow the phone to do so.Everything that Motorola promises with this phone is true...very glad that I own this phone.  Great job Motorola!

Best affordable phone ever!The camera is a bit shabby, but I'm not too into cellphone photography so it was not a total deal killer.

I need a phone to: receive & make calls, receive & send text/mms, use internet via wifi or 3G (sometimes), use some popular/ common apps, take impromptu pictures, etc. This phone does it all, just like my other &#34;expensive&#34; phone. But I only paid $199 for it; and wait: I now choose phone carriers on my own terms (I ultimately chose a MNVO). Too good to be true, but it is :)As mentioned many times in other reviews here, there is lot to be desired of the Camera. In good lights, the camera is fine. But in low light conditions, difference between Moto G and my other &#34;expensive&#34; phone is very obvious. I think I would have agreed to readily put another $50 for another Moto G model with an improved camera.

I am completly satisfied with this, my first &#34;smart phone&#34;  I was aware of some of the potential problems; non replaceable battery, no sim card, no local retailer that carries the item. Those issues were overcome by the price and the cloud storage from google.The price was, in my opinion, exceptional.  I bought one one month for my wife, a ludite.  She was able to use it without much coaching. I got my own the following month.  The Android system was automatically updated within weeks.Google sold Motorola within two months of my purchase.  I thought we were abandoned but all is well.

Great phone for the price.  The best phone I ever buy. Nice bright HD display. Its come with jelly bean but kitkat is already available and ready for install. Multiple applications open at a time and switch between them very fast.

This is a great smart phone for basic use (email, web browsing, etc.). Apps run smoothly and the battery is above average. It does what I need at a very good price.

This is not a game machine.  It's a good phone with smartphone capabilities.  I had an iPhone 4S for work and feel it does everything the 4S did for 1/3 the price.  It also has some of the same quirks as Apple's more expensive devices..no user replaceable battery or SD card slot.  So far I like and am happy I bought it.

I ordered 3 of these phones, brand new, from Amazon. 2 of the 3 phones I sent, were sold as new (from Amazon), but were clearly refurbished units. The boxes were bent/frayed and had pink stickers on them. I returned the two refurbs, and will buy any others directly from Motorola instead.The phone itself is good enough. Do not expect a Nexus 5 type experience on this device though. The 1GB RAM is a real drag (no pun intended) on the OS. If they release an updated version with 2GB RAM, then it will be perfect.One other issue I had, is that the Wifi radio is REALLY weak. On every other wireless device, I usually get 3 out of 4 bars from the furthest point in my house. With this phone, I got one, and often time it would simply disconnect. Maybe it's an OS feature to save battery, I don't know. Those are my only two real issues with the device. The 1GB RAM limitation (Android needs 2GB just to run properly, in my opinion), and the weak Wifi radio.

One problem with this phone is that the sims card pops out unexpectedly so be aware, otherwise great great phone!

Is the best smartphone in its range of price. Far Better than samsung's mini versions.Totally recommend to you this phone!!

OMG i so love this phone. Its light, thin and a great size (not too big or not too small). All the features work great, its easy to use and set up. I am quite happy with this model, especially considering it has the latest software and is priced more affordable than many other mid range phones with outdated software. Definitely recommend.

Bought this for my 15 year old son about six months ago as his first legit smart phone. Not one regret. No crappy overlays from service providers or Motorola--stock android that works like its supposed to. No 4G service, but it doesn't suck battery like 4G phones generally do, so I consider this a good trade off. The screen is really good--extremely bright (brighter than my HTC One) and sharp. Batterly life and call quality are excellent. Processing speed is nice and zippy. Only drawback is the camera--it's pretty bad. Otherwise, a great phone with no strings attached. After six months it works as it did on day one, after having tons of apps installed and uninstalled. Never had to do a hard reset or anything.

Handy, nice on hands, great adquisition speciually based on its price.Good polished texture,exactly what I was told by the seller and it arrived just in time for the project.I specially loved the google now feature.

I purchased this for my college age daughter to replace a seriously old Samsung Android phone (like v.2.3!).  While she wanted an iPhone, I do not have one for myself, nor am I rich enough to afford four of them for the whole family.  I was resigned to having to purchase another pricey phone with T-Mobile (which, while the coverage is not the best, offers the best family rates going, especially after their latest separation of phones and plans), or a bargain model that I would hear complaints about.  When I read about the Moto G being released and its phenomenally low price, I assumed it would be a dual or single core processor model, with a mediocre screen.  When I read the specs on it, I could not believe Motorola (Google) could offer such a phone for the price.  Either they are losing money or just breaking even (of course, Google's core business is advertising, so they probably are planning on the long term value).  Regardless, the phone is awesome.  Hopefully this will be the future of "low end" phones.The screen is large, but not monstrous, ideal for my daughter that definitely did not want a big display phone, but something small and easily handled.  The resolution is ideal and not an overkill 1080p display that taxes the GPU and battery.  The quad core processor gives the phone plenty of pep, although I cannot comment on game play (I don't understand playing games on a phone, given the small display, but that is a personal choice).  The battery is embedded in the device and there is no additional memory card slot for expansion (a Google device habit), so if you plan on having a lot of media and apps, I suggest the 16Gb version (8Gb is fine for her use and I'm cheap!).  If you want to load all your music on it, you better look elsewhere.  I am not sure of how long the battery lasts, but I have not heard a complaint about it yet. The camera seems OK, although I did not play with it that much, and really don't see the need for high resolution camera phones, give the limited sensor area available (get a digital point and shoot, or better yet, a nice used film camera -- I am a diehard fan of film in all its sizes, from 35mm to 4x5!).When first booted up, the phone was ready for Android 4.4, which I suggest using wifi to perform, unless you have unlimited data, speed, and/or patience as it is a big file (this was before adding the sim card, so I did not have it on T-Mobile's network at the time).  A quick restart and the phone was ready to go, using the standard Google logon.  Android on this phone is gloriously free of bloatware (like Samsung and HTC insist on stuffing on their phones), other than probably two apps.  The included Motorola app for transferring settings and files worked perfectly, taking a few minutes to do its thing (you install it on your old phone and connect to the same wifi, following the prompts).  I had to get a micro sim card from T-Mobile, but that was free via mail order (note that it will take prepaid and postpaid sims, defaulting to your plan -- it is just a "dumb" sim), or from what I later read, possibly free in retail locations.  I learned about the universal sim card by mistakenly ordering the prepaid for our postpaid plan.  Setting it up was easy on T-Mobile's website, with the phone was switched over within minutes of finalizing online.The only minor negative, is that the phone does not support LTE, but is otherwise 3G, and fast enough in our area. But I knew this when ordering. There have been no complaints about the call quality, either.My daughter seems fine with the phone, including no complaints about performance.  This is a kid that has no trouble of literally letting me know if things "suck," so I consider it an awesome "bargain" phone not locked to a carrier.Had this phone been available when I purchased the HTC One, I would have purchased it for myself.  I like the HTC, especially its slightly bigger screen for my slowly decaying eyesight, but the bloatware and cost are not worth it.  I highly recommend the Moto G and look forward to replacing the HTC One with whatever iteration is available when needed.I added the following screen protector to the phone, Archshield - Moto G Premium High Definition (HD) Clear Screen Protector 3-Pack (no longer available on Amazon, thus no link), but suggest another brand, as my installation was troublesome.  If Spigen comes out with screen protectors I recommend them, finding them to be the best available (and the company is quick to reply to inquiries).  The following protective case is recommended, as long as you know the color of the pink version did not quite match that displayed onlineTUDIA Ultra Slim Melody TPU Bumper Protective Case for Motorola Moto G SmartPhone (Pink).One other thing of note forgotten in the initial review:  Before purchase, I read of issues with the back, removable portion of the phone being easily damaged during removal to access the micro sim slot.  Knowing this I was careful to follow the instructions and treat the back gently.  You can see how easy it would be to damage it by bending it a little too far.  Just something to be aware of.

Great phone for the price. This phone is the best smart phone in this price range buy this great phone.

my only complaint would be the soft keys always being there. only way around this is rooting the moto g and hoping you don't ruin it than having to download several programs. but other than that its a perfect little android

Great phone for the price. So far no complaints

Keyboard of this phone simply hangs sometime. Also all icons sometimes displayed in black squares. In addition, sounds buttons don't work perfectly. Sometimes even on max volume, person on the other side of the call is hardly audible. I wanted to return this but Amazon doesn't allow once 15 days are passed.I would not suggest anyone to buy this phone.

i just love it , all i need in one mobile phone , with a great price ,i recommend it to every one

I basically got this phone for $50 of my own money due to some holiday amazon gift cards, and I really like it. The last smart phone I had was an original razr so it is not a huge jump up to something like the nexus 5, s4, or g2, but for the price the phone is great. It has handled everything i've done with it so far.My only issue is coming from an incredibly expensive but also incredibly stable and reliable Verizon contract, to a really cheap(and bad) t-mobile prepaid plan, there has been alot to be left desired. But what is good is that I have the flexibility to shop around and try out a few plans with an unlocked phone.The colors are bright. I'm used to kitkat because I have a nexus 7 2013, so the Moto G feels right at home.My only negatives about the phone are that the black backing is really gunked up with fingerprints. I bought a cyan backing though so I don't think that will be an issue when that gets here. Also dust particles seem to get lodged in between the screen and bezel which I'm not too fond of.

I have used some other mobile phones over $ 600. Although it is $200 mobile phone, it is better than my expectation. Sound and the display is great for this money.

I have an iphone 5 and got this for my sister, she loves it. I paid $200 for it and she uses it with Chatr mobile.She was going to use it with Wind mobile but the frequency doesn t work so although it says it is a world phone and unlocked it still won't work with all networks, make sure to check that out before buying.Talking quality  is really good, maps and directions a bit confusing also picture quality is NOTHING compared to a samsung or an Iphone but hey the $600 price difference is well worth it, these are just minor kinks, I would definitely recommend this phone

Its the best phone in the market considering its price X benefits.Really fast and with great performance using general apps and playing games such as injustice and sonic dash.I am really impressed with the duration of its battery.If you want a good phone with low cost and great performance, this is the one for you!

I will start with one and only one con that I have seen in this phone* Camera is a little sub standard.Other than that these are the features I have tested and confirmed to work (very very) well.* Bluetooth with my 2012 Subaru Outback music entertainment system (Ah BTW, I love my Subaru too!)* WIFI - I get 57 Mbps (Yes, you read it right) downloads with and apple airport extreme router* 720p screen that doesn't look any different to an iPhone 5 retina  (my wife has one)* Great speaker phone quality (both for music and voice calls).* Amazing response time to touch screen (launching apps etc are lightening fast)* NO Crapware from motorola (well, a couple maybe) - when the phone arrives the home screen is EMPTY (unbelievable)* Close to 3 days (YES 3 days,!!!!!) of battery time (iPhone doesn't even come close). Please bear in mind that I am a MODERATE user and don't do any gaming.* 3G is very very fast on AT&T; - I don't think I will need 4G LTE (Unless I have an unlimited Data plan, it doesn't make sense).I'll be happy to answer questions if there are any from prospective buyers.

I can not believe that I bought such a great phone with only 179.99$!!!Its size is very good, and it's extremely user friendly. 3G (T-Mobile) works on it. And its sound can be louder than my Vaio laptop! I highly recommend it!

I loved the phone comes with an FM radio. Very nice screen. I deftly do not miss my note 3.

I am on Solavei and this phone has worked incredibly for me. This isn&#8217;t anything like the moto x or a flagship phone, but if you need something that&#8217;s rugged, good screen quality, and decent specs, this is the phone for you. since the release of kit kat (just for the moto g) it runs much smoother and doesn&#8217;t lag.

Great price for a good phone coming from a good home. Not some Chinese garbage.If you want LTE for Europe - buy from Europe - this doesn't have all the bands you need (for example 1800).

Honestly, the device is mostly fine.The reason for my rather harsh rating is that the device purports to be a 'Universal 4G LTE' device, while it is most assuredly not 'Universal'.I believe that what Amazon/Motorola mean by 'Universal' is 'American'. LTE bands 2, 4, 5 and 17 are mostly used within the United States of America and see extremely limited use anywhere else.According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_LTE_networks ,Networks on the global LTE-bands 1, 3, 7, 28 (FDD-LTE) or 38, 40 (TDD-LTE) are suitable for future global roaming in ITU Regions 1, 2 and 3.Networks on LTE-band 8 (FDD-LTE) may allow global roaming in the future (ITU Regions 1, 2 and 3) (Long-term perspective).Networks on LTE-band 20 (FDD-LTE) are suitable for roaming in ITU Region 1 (EMEA) only.Networks on LTE-bands 2 and 4 (FDD-LTE) are suitable for roaming in ITU Region 2 (Americas) only.So 2 and 4 are for the Americas only and 5 and 17 see very limited use outside the United States.It's also worth noting that the device doesn't appear to support the bands used by Sprint's network, which makes its 'Universal' claim, even more dubious.What exactly was 'Universal' meant to mean?

I haven't used an Android phone since Froyo (years and years ago!) on an already outdated, slow Samsung phone. I hated it. Because of a limited budget, I decided to switch to Windows Phone and got the Lumia 521 (it's the 520 for AT&T; or international) on T-Mobile. I was pretty happy, but the phone lacks some features like a flash for the camera and a front facing one too. The phone felt cheap, the screen and camera were bad, and the lack of popular apps made me ultimately decide to switch back to Android.This phone has a really nice, clear screen and it doesn't feel or look cheap. The cameras take nice quality for the price and calls are clear too. The battery life is also very good. It charges fairly quickly and last for about 10-12 hours before it was on 30% and need to be charged again. I spent most of the day downloading apps, surfing the Internet, and watching a video on YouTube and the phone did not slow down, nor did the battery completely drain.My only complaint so far is that using the new software isn't as straight forward as Windows. This is taking me some time to get adjusted, but I am really enjoying playing around with the settings and features on the phone.  This is definitely the nicest phone I think I've ever owned.Cons:1. No SD card storage ("Splurge", i.e. pay about $20 more for either the 16GB model or newer variant with a SD slot, if you are concerned about needing more space.)2. No wall charger included, only a USB cord.3. Touchscreen is a little slow.

I purchased this phone after reading all "Good" reviews here & excellent reviews on various websites. I wish i had seen the issues with this phone. It came pretty quick and looks fab. But real problem started after it went to low battery level. And mind you I am yet to put my sim into the same. Just put it on wifi. The charger (USB cord) supplied with phone simple wont charge the same.I checked now forums and there are too many stories with frustrations on the same. I had high expectations with the product but seems that Moto G is a waste. Will return the same now back to Amazon. Very much frustrated... Amazon should stop selling these....Complete waste of energy...

Bought the Moto G as a Xmas present for a friend whose old Blackberry was dying. The happened to be on a cheap METRO PCS monthly plan and wanted to keep it. Right out of the box, the Moto G displayed excellent build quality, outstanding 4.5&#34; HD display, and clean Android 4.3 interface. It had 16GB of storage onboard and offers another 50GB of FREE Google Drive (cloud storage).Toss in a very efficient Snapdragogon quad-core processor, 1GB of ram, and you have an amzing BARGAIN for just $199!The recipient of this phone loved it too!  LOL

Such a great buy for the price.  I am an iphone user (holding out hope for the larger screens before replacing my old iphone 4) mainly because of the no-hassle upgrades and the app store.  I bought this for an employee and had a chance to play with it extensively before passing it on.  Android has seriously come a long way since last I played around with it...and the hardware itself does NOT look or feel cheap.  This is a premium feeling phone in every way and this price is truly remarkable.  For this price, any Cons I can think of would just be nitpicking.If you need an unlocked phone and don't have a large budget for whatever reason, jump on this...immediately.  One caveat...anytime you're buying ANY electronics..do a quick search to see if a new version is being released soon so you can decide whether you want the newer version or the old one at the soon to come reduced price.  As of this review, Moto G just released a version that does LTE (latest 4g network standard) and the one I purchased doesn't have it, so my model dropped in price.  LTE wasn't important for us, but might be for you.

I originally intended to purchase the Moto X, but my phone died before my contract was up. Couldn't afford the X, so I bought the Moto G. What an excellent value! Ergonomics are very good. The phone feels good in the hand. Wish the controls on the side were slightly more rounded. Display is a very clear 4.5 inches. Not as big as the other flagship models, but still very good size. The rear facing speaker doesn't have a tremendous range, but the volume is more than adequate. Battery time is excellent on previous phones, I'd need to charge at some point in the day. I get a full day with a fair amount of time using text, email, Facebook.I'm not a gamer, so I can't comment on that. The camera is decent, but not great. In good light, it takes very nice pics. In low light it is very grainy and the flash makes pics look bad. Probably the biggest concern I had was the data connection. The Moto G only comes with G3 connectivity instead of the faster LTE. I find this really isn't much of an issue. Most of my time I use WiFi, and when I'm not, the G3 does just fine streaming video and music. For software, the Moto G comes with the latest version of Android, 4.4.2, Kit Kat. Where pretty much all the other phone makers have customized the appearance and functions of their phones, Motorola has a nearly stock appearance. You can tailor the appearance and functions to your taste.  Android has improved tremendously in recent versions. I especially appreciate Google Now. Since the Moto G comes direct, not through the carrier, there is almost no Bloatware. This saves room on the phone and doesn't slow it down. I strongly recommend spending the extra money for the 16GB version of the Moto G. The Moto G isn't the perfect phone. Its faults, though, are only minimal, and the speed, display, near stock Android experience, and exceptional price make buying the Moto G a no brainer.

Very low cost and excellent performance! 16GB internal memory, 1GB RAM, Quad core processor, front and rear camera, and confort fit in your hands!

excelent

Motorola got it right - the price and hardware specifications. I always look for phones under $200 since the electronics will stop working or I just get bored after 2 to 3 years. The camera is not so good - especially indoors. If one day the camera issue is resolved, it will be a killer phone in the industry.I bought a moto G for my younger daughter to replace her old ipod touch and thinking about buying a more expensive moto X from Republic wireless for my elder daughter so she can call in wifi only environment (in her school, the t-mobile signal is totally blocked, but the wifi is strong) and outside where there is wireless signal. When the phone arrived, both of the girls fell in love with it instantly. The screen is so sharp and responsive. I plugged in lycamobile's sim card and it worked great. The pay as you plan is only 2 cents a minute and is great for kids who use their phone occasionally.  I also installed a VOIP app &#34;Talkatone&#34; - it can place and receive calls in wifi for free, but it uses a different number other than my lycamobile's number. Not as good as the Republic wireless technology where a single number is used. But it doesn't bother me so I went ahead and ordered another moto G for my elder daughter.

This is a complete personal assistant and Fully loaded with power to tackle daily activities.I llove my moto g, and would recommend it everyone looking for a smart assistant or a gadget in this budget. Top of the line performance.

It is the best smart phone at best price.It works well and from design perpective it is compact and handy.

excellent

I purchased a Moto G in January 2014 and in April 2014 the hone crashed with no hope of recovery.  It shut off while i was using it and would not turn back on. After plugging it in the wall after a few hours i tried turning it back on, it started to reboot and then gave me a blue screen and would not come on since.  Motorola support couldn't even help.  This is the last time I purchase a windows/google phone with a non-removable battery.Before now I had little to no complaints about the phone.  The battery life was pretty good. The camera was awesome and took spectacular pics.I just wish i had some warning or knew what to do during this whole situation.

i got my phone in the time it was expected, it is a great phone it updated to kitkat in the moment i turned it on, great screen, good camera, and great performance, this is the 3rd android phone i have and its the best so far,  i used the Nexus 4, but i got robbed, i was thinking about getting the Nexus 5 but this phone is way cheaper and the performance is even better than my Nexus 4, the screen is crystal clear and the colors are amazing, really fast and the performance could not be better!!!! The Camera could be better, but it does the job and the pictures are really good, just not amazing.

I read plenty of reviews before buying this phone.  I have recently committed to buying phones off contract and unlocked.  I finally got tired of the big guys controlling when I could buy a new phone and how many months (typically over 12) I had before I could shop for better wireless service.See below for the good, the bad and combination of phone and service.  I use a Nexus 5 as my primary phone.  I broke the screen 2 days before a business trip.  So i bought ordered the Moto G overnight shipping to get it in time to leave for my trip and send my Nexus 5 for screen repair.  My sister lost her Galaxy 2 months into the 24 month contract.  She also got this phone as a replacement and loves it.THE GOODThis phone comes unlocked and works immediately with any GSM service (AT&T; and T-mobile to name a few).I just had to get a Micro SIM card and pop it into the phone.  Immediately my plan and number jumped to this deviceThe phone is near stock android.  There is really no &#34;extra&#34; app installed (like the apps that come with the Galaxy line)The phone's cellular data is quick and responsive (although it is only 3G).THE LESS THAN STELLARI honestly couldn't find anything particularly bad about this phone.  There are a few areas that you should considerThe camera is not great... especially in low lighting.  For SnapChat or pic messaging, it's definitely fine; however, you're not going to be getting any 8x10 prints out of these picsOccasionally when I have quite a few apps running there is a bit of lag.  Nothing horrible, but when pushing the home button it goes to a blank &#34;desktop&#34; and the icons take 1-2 seconds to return.There is no 4G.  However, in my area the 4G networks are being strained and the 3G networks are freeing up space.  This has not been a problem for me at all (and i'm a data hog).WITH SERVICEAs with my Nexus 5, I use T-mobile's unlimited pre-paid plan.  For $70/month (taxes included) I get unlimited calls, text and 4G data.  At any point if I decide to switch carriers, all I do is not pay my next bill and take my number to any provider that I would like.  i was initially curious about the service, but it has been wonderful so far.  If you are considering a phone that falls on the bottom of high end and a 24 month contract with one of the big guys, it would be worth your while to consider this great deal and not commit to the big guys.

You get a lot of &#34;phone&#34; for the amount you pay ...Screen: Vibrant colours with good viewing angles, though whites have a very slight purple &#34;tinge&#34;.Touch responsiveness: Very good, almost never lags.Processing speed: More than good enough for all normal tasks eg. email, youtube, websurfing, FB, twitter ... etc.Speaker: Good volume with slight distortion at loudest setting.Mic sensitivity: Good, opposite party had no problems hearing.Android version: Factory installed JB 4.3 ... updated to KK 4.4.2 on Christmas eve.Camera: Ok in good lighting. Low light not so good.FM radio: Good reception.

Not only for the price, the hardware is very powerful to impress everybody, in my opinion this is better option than others smatphone very expensive, Great performance, i like the style and much more the screen like it a lot.And not a news but the camera it's not the best and not bad at all, it's decent and helps you to take photos with decent quality.Excellent Motorola and Google.

Excellent phone at an unbeatable price.  The battery life is amazing compared to other top smart phones. The only drawback is that sand or dirt can creep under the edge of the screen and cause some discoloration, not that it detracts from the beautiful screen! The black version of this phone might be preferred.

Motorola a Google company.... This is a great start for the company, excellent price-quality. The phone does everything an average advance user does, the software updates on time, calls. Internet, 3G, unlocked, the camera shots fast, great deal. Go for it.

quad core budget phone which runs pure android there is no better phone to ask for. Worth every dollar spent.

It's amazing phone! I like it. No freezes, bugs, hi speed of work. 2 days of battery work. Reccomend it for all.

This is an android phone from Motorola. It is a really sweet and lovely phone. Very crisp and sharp resolution, easy to use and a great steal at the price. Very highly recommended.

VFM i loved it

LTE is the future so this phone is already obsolete on that count but other than that it is great.

I have found it a very good phone for the price and features you need comes with the updated version of android

I purchased this phone in January. The device worked as expected and I was pretty happy with device given its performance for the price. However, today the phone just stopped working for no reason. One minute it is on the next it is off and won't turn back on. There is no obvious physical damage to explain this, and its not the result of water exposure. Very disappointing.

We've been very hesitant to join the world of smartphone users and didn't want to big money on phones we weren't sure we would use.  This phone allowed both my husband and I to get a brand new smartphone for $400 instead of spending $1000+ or having to sign on to 2 year contracts with our provider.  As far as I can tell these phones are every bit as good as my friends and family's phones.  I'm still learning how to use to to the fullest extent, but have used the texting, email, several games and the GPS system and I'm very impressed.  I'm not an expert, but it does everything I want and amazingly well.  I was a little concerned that it only ran on 3G, but it's just as fast as my friend's iphone.  I'm told that it's due to the fact that the Moto G has such a fast operating system...KitKat?  Anyhow, I recommend it -- it has only been 2 weeks so we'll see how it goes from here!

Excelente

Best phone for the money.. I bought two. No contracts, no carrier enforced conditions. Just plug in your SIM card and go... Anywhere in the world.

This phone's touch screen came damaged. It launches apps randomly and types whatever letter it's crazy. This is horrible, more than 30 days have passed because I am in Venezuela and it took long to arrive and the return policy does not apply for me anymore. I want a new one, this is not fair, I was all excited and now I have this brand new damaged phone I threw my money to the garbage with this purchase and I don't know what to do. I can't return it and I don't have the option to file a complaint with amazon. Help me!!

I wasn't sure I'd be happy with this phone and I'm glad to be proved wrong! It's near perfect. So much better than the old Droid X2 I'd been using the last two years. It's very similar to my Nexus 7 tablet and that made for a fast learning curve for myself. For the price, you can't beat it!

The mobile only work for less than a month. There's a problem with the screen, it shows nothing!. I was using the web browser and suddenly the screen goes black. The &#34;on&#34; led turns on when i connect the charger, but the screen has never turn on again

good shape,good screen,good google service,good speed,cheap price,it's a great phone!my friends all love it too.motorola with google is great!

For 200 bucks it's a bargain. This phone is just excelent.I Would recommend it 1000%Thanks Google and Motorola for this masterpiece.

I live in Uruguay and i dont have any problem the Phone work full.I could up grade to Android 4.4It was a gift to my soon, he is so happyNow i am waiting for dual sim version

One of my friend recommend me to buy it. It is a brand new unlock phone. It looks strong and touch screen is very good. I am satisfied with this one and I will use for long time. I would recommend this phone for low budget but you will get very good quality phone.



This phone is a great piece of value. Size, screen, material are very well done in this phone. Screen resolution is amazing for playing and watching videos. Is a shame that for what I see I am one of the few who received a defective item, since the touch screen is not responding after 5 seconds of use. I am returning my phone but sure I would like a replacement and not a refund

Phone works really well even though it only has one ram. Everything works really well. Really great phone for the price.

The phone is good but has Network issue. The network signal disappears very often then I need to power off and power on to get the signal bars.

the phone itself is excellent for the price!, I give one star because the screen came with a problem, when a bright colors is displayed on the screen, appear horrible YELLOW PIXELS, checked in google and i could see that this problem is with some people and motorola has changed their phone without problem, i contacted the technical service of motorola and they said to me that they can not do anything because I'm in Venezuela, I would have to personally pay equipment shipments to the U.S. and then pay again the shipments back to Venezuela, I think this is a disregard for the customer, since I'm paying for an expensive shipments to get in my hands a phone with technical malfunction! It is a real shame from motorola not vouch for the inconvenience, i will never buy  something from this brand again and i will recommend to my friends do not buy this phone or anything from this brand.el telefono en si es un equipo excelente para su precio! yo doy una sola estrella porque la pantalla vino con un problema , cuando un color brillante se muestra en la pantalla, aparecen unos horribles pixeles amarillos, revise en google y pude ver que este problema lo tienen algunas personas y motorola les ha cambiado el equipo sin problema, yo contacte al servicio tecnico de motorola y me dijeron que ellos no pueden hacer nada ya que yo estoy en Venezuela, tendria yo que pagar personalmente los envios del equipo a USA y luego el envio de nuevo a Venezuela,  me parece una desconsideracion con el cliente, ya que estoy pagando por un envio bastante caro para que el equipo llegue a mis manos con un desperfecto tecnico y nadie me responda!es una real verguenza de parte de motorola no responder por los inconvenientes, mas nunca comprare algo de esta marca, y voy a recomendar a mis amigos que tampoco compren ese telefono

Kind of awkward, and wish it could be shorter but wider.Brought it as a gift. It has four locale options, but no Chinese. Need to return it, and maybe try Nexus 5 later.PS: the customer service at Motorola is horrible. Called couple of times, and get transferred into different departments. Each time, the average waiting time was about half hour. The worst customer service ever! If you brought directly from Motorola and want return, then try to dial 866-289-6686, which is sales department. Other numbers and online chat were useless. I was hoping I brought this from Amazon which has an excellent service on return.

Best low cost and quality cell phone ever!! I'm really happy with this cell phone. Really good battery and also faster than others. The best midrange in market

I decided to take the plunge and purchase my first ever &#34;budget device&#34;. I have spent years with premium Apple, HTC, BlackBerry, etc... phones but when time for a new one came I didn't want to dish loads of money out-of-pocket.I must say... Motorola really shows us the absurdity of cell phone markups. The Moto G performs quite well; it is snappy and responsive, taking on tasks like a pro. At face value people have mistaken my white Moto G for an iPhone 5 (it almost looks like one from the front). The build quality, in my opinion, is higher than Samsung's Galaxy line; they feel flimsy whereas this feels solid.I definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a well-performing, good looking phone at a fraction of the cost!

Great HW but how come a phone under the global version label does not support alll global languages (such Hebrew). Can you imagine hat Motorola has invested in removing some fo the default languages supported in Android?It support only limited range of languages - not mentioned anywhere in the specification. How come same phone same price in Google Play support all Andorid native languages? A good reason not to buy from Amazon next time.I really hope that Motorla will add back the missing languages in one of the upcoming SW upgrades.

Eazy and friendly to the user. A great value for the money I paid. It compares very well with the Samsung 3 I used before at less than halve the cost.

I'm really happy to have bought this one, it is fast, great looking, behaves as expected, image quality is excellent, and above all, doesn't cost an eye!

Best smartphone out there for a cheap price under $200. Have no issue with my tmobile carrier. Camera is mediocre compared to other smartphones but if you don't mind, it is worth having.

Cool device. Great value for the price. Not missing my iPhone at all. Overall great device to own very cost effective.

I didn't buy this off Amazon, I bought it at Verizon. It is a GREAT phone. Not just great for what you paid, just great in general. It is SUPER FAST even with lost of running apps. It never lags or messes up. I love it so much so far. The camera is only 5 mp but my old phone's camera was also 5 mp and was NO WHERE near as crystal clear as this one. The screen is perfect not too big not too small. Everyone says it could be thinner but I thought it was fine on thickness. It's just a great phone and I do recommend it to anyone looking for a good phone but can't afford the S4 or S3. Verizon has it for 99.99 for prepaid and Boost has it for 129.99 prepaid.

this Smartphone is very versalitie and quikly i like much

Dude, this thing is awesome.Right price, right device.As the sun rises, I resolve to use the moto g for good, not for wasting precious time.

Very good, liked it a lot. Works for everything I need. Especially if you like to listen to music in your phone.

After few days traveling the screen stop working without any damage (Hardware issues)I could't return because I was out of US

This is one of the most value money phone for Android.I am very very surprised that the build of the phone is actually to my expectation. Battery life is so-so , not that fantastic as what it advertise, but decent enough with the inbuild battery of about 2000mah.The GPS is not that accurate as compared to my Samsung S4, as i am playing the Google Android game called Ingress, require exact GPS location.But once again, for the price you paid, totally worth every cent.

The unit did not work on arrival. Even worse was the Motorola customer support. They have not responded to my email or phone calls. I returned it back via Amazon

I love this phone! this is the best phone you can buy for this price; the performance is great; the only thing that's not great about this phone is the camera. The camera is just good but in low light enviroments is not good at all but you could live with it.

exelent. a very fast smarphone... great phone

Screen looks great. Phone OS is snappy. Would recommend. Amazon shipped fast and Moto/Google offered excellent support. Grab a prepaid sim and its worth every penny.  Wish it had mhl but it's not a deal breaker.

Buy 2 phone and really do not regret it, the phone has a great screen, a acceptable camera and is super fluid. Recommended 100%

I don't understand any complaints for this phone. It's flat 5 stars - no discussion! Big screen, fast, unlocked and affordable!!  Why pay $500 for the phone? What is your precious Iphone can do that this one can't? Nothing!!! I love it. Only wish I would got 16 GB

This Phone is amazing. I used a nexus 4 before and honestly prefer this over it any day. I loved my nexus but this phone is just as fast or faster with better battery life and better feeling in the hand in my opinion. Everything is super smooth and if you want to put custom Roms on your phone this is a great phone for that just like all nexus products.

I love my moto g. it does everything all other android phones do. A phone doesn't need to have all these extra gimmicks to be a smart phone.

while the pone is impressive in terms of specs and price, the Battery is dead in 2 months. No replacement seems to be viable. Feeling disgusted and unhappy.

I am replacing my BLU LIFE VIEW with this phone and at first it was hard going from a HUGE 5.7&#34; screen to the tiny 4.5&#34;, but its a very nice screen.My primary reason for the switch was the Moto G's water proofness, after watching a review by Erica Griffin on Youtube, her using the phone under water for 30 minutes, means this phone will work great on my new electric bike on rainy days.KIT KAT 4.4.2 is very nice as well, right out of the box it performed an OTA update to 4.4.2.

best smartphone at its price, very good specs and snappy fast, good screen and had no problems with games great

I did a mega-ton of research for the next smartphone I'd purchase, and no other smartphone within this price range comes remotely close to the quality of the Motorola Moto G 4G LTE. Look around on a few tech sites and you'll agree.PROSBeautiful display. The Moto G has a PPI (Pixels Per Inch) of 326 and resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels from it's 4.5 inch screenFast and responsive thanks to the, Quad core Snapdragon 400 processorHas a microSD expansion of 32GB, which was a must for meAndroid Kit-Kat OS (the newest OS)Feels good in the hand. It weighs 5.04 ounces, so it's not heavy, but it doesn't feel cheap either5 MP rear camera 1.3 MP front camera4G capabilities (obviously)Gorilla Glass 3FM RadioExcellent sound quality and loud speakerPriceCONSThough it has a 5 MP rear camera, it isn't so great in low light conditionsLack of percentage on battery lifeRare times the phone doesn't respond to touch commands due to multi-taskingIf you're looking for a smartphone that doesn't cost a fortune, this is it. Period.

I like this phone very much. It was recommended to me from a sort of  techno &#34;geek&#34; friend of mine who had done the research for me and pointed out to me that this phone had the best value for the money. I am satisfied. I live 35 minutes from a small city so I do experience coverage issues, and have to hunt around for the best spot to place my phone to get service, but as soon as I hit town, my Moto G is a beacon of light in a desolate world.

Best phone for the best price, fast, cool looking and all those great things a smart phone should do and more.

Look very nice. Exactly as described! Little scratches on back plate but i wear case and their do not disturbing me. I am happy )

Perfect

Very happy with my phone so far.  It has been a couple of months that I have.  I am able to  synchronize my msn email and calendar using outlook.com app.  All my google contacts and msn transferred upon synchronizing the apps.

Great phone.  Very speedy and does everything I need it to do.  Only downside is that it comes with a usb charging cord, but no wall adapter.  Also no headphones.  Great phone for the price though.

Moto phone has been used for moto workmanship is very satisfied with this phone is very smooth to use, cost is very high

This phone works great in the Dominican Republic. It is a good quality phone for the price.  I tried several cheaper phones and they didn't work.

It's really snappy. I purchase it for my little sister and she loves it. Can't go wrong with this price point. I also purchase the flip case with it.

Overall its a good product by Motorola. Most of the good things are already mentioned in the review. For the price, its a good buy.I have noticed though with my handset that the display color calibration tends towards more red/yellow, I am not sure if this is on all the Moto G handsets.The white color (general background) tends to look cream rather than frost white. Increasing the brightness helps it to improve. Please feel free to comment on if you have observed similar thing or have any resolution for it.

I can't say enough good things about this phone!!  Beautiful and very solid build quality, the screen is bright with very good colors, and the battery life is superb.  GPS tracking, using Runkeeper, is also spot on.  It is an absolute steal &#8211; with the exception of the fact that it does not come with a charger!!  But, it does come with a charging cable and probably most people have at least a couple of chargers sitting around.

My husband and I each got one of these a few weeks ago.  The display is great, and controls are easy. Call quality is very good.  We wanted a high quality phone but do not want a data plan, as they are a huge expense and without much benefit for our purposes (we don't do social media, send pictures a lot, etc).  With Wi-Fi  it will function as though you have a data plan where you have Wi-Fi access (e.g. you can get email, synchronize your calendar, Evernote, etc).  When you don't have Wi-Fi access it's still a fine phone, and you have all your mail, calendar, etc info there on the phone up-to-date a of last Wi-Fi contact.  We are using a pay as you go service, and we figure we will spend about $150 - $200 a year each on these, and this phone is an incredible value for all of it's functionality.  For one of us, our telecom expenses this year will be cost of phone ($179) plus one year's phone plan ($200) - less than $400.  We figure phones last an average of two years, so next year will be even cheaper.  If you are either on a tight budget, or don't have any real need for a data plan on your phone, this is a great solution.

Is an excellent phone, their materials are of very high quality.Android Kitkat 4.4 is simply the better.Motorola has done a very good job in the hardware.

People who has have other android phones goes to think this one is so good for a good price, the only thing I didn't like is the missing charger... It's kind of an annoying, but it's something that you can resolve easily.

I ordered 2 phones, the back panel looks been used. I can see the difference between 2 .One looks brand new .. the other one looks used ..where I can see the color difference . Generally it will be like after being used....looks like that. I left the option to buy with Motorla and came to Amazon, but this is not as expected.

gave 4stars coz i like the build and specs of the phone. missing 1star for the odd camera. overall it's a good buy.

Phone working very well, up to now no issue at all , i have used it on several countries successfully , acess to internet very easy , good camera

Works just as good as the premium android phones. Amazing price/performance ratio.Camera is average and is great for casual use.

I think there is no other phone like this that you can buy for this price.Totally awesome. I made to 4 of my realitives to buy the same one

its a low cost phone that is running and looks like a superior one, best decission in phone categorie totally recommend it

excelente

It's an excellent phone for the price.I initially wrote a negative review because during the setup it showed only 4 languages.Then, I don't know what happened, I was able to choose different languages.

My daughter got a 3G version last Christmas as a gift which was ordered and shipped directly from Motorola website. It was dead after a few months. Motorola said it would not fix it since it's damaged by water, although it was never in the water since she got it. So helpless, so disappointed.  I don't recommend Motorola products.

Good price, 3G works well, screen is a good size and does everything I want.  I would reccomend it to a friend...

The phone worked perfectly out of the box. I am using it at a non-US location on a GSM network.If you can't get mobile data working, check the APN settings.

The phone is amazingly fast and seems much faster than my latest Galaxy Tab 3. For $199, it is no doubt the best phone at this price range. It fits my needs in many senses. I love it very much!

i recommend this cell very fast processor good quality of pics great camera, very good price. and bonus last upgrade android i think is a good choice.

3G 16gb, Quacore procesor! full recomended phone, good photos, dualcam, nice price the best choise price value for less 200$

I have no regrets about this purchase,very fast phone and works like a charm with no problems.A friend saw it and was amazed by it's look,function and design and would like me to order one for him.

As anyone would confess, this phone is really affordable and it works pretty okay with lots of bang for your buck unfortunately the same can't be said for Motorola's support.I got this phone and I tried to encrypt the phone and that was it. Error, ERROR ERROR!!!! Swelling with frustration I looked assistance through Motorola's customer support. After over an hour being wasted (35 minutes in a chat with some unqualified personnel then 25 minutes on hold to finally 5 minutes speaking with a Level 2 tech support) the response was the phone's software was corrupted and would have to be returned.Being an international customer this is a difficult pill to swallow but even hard resetting was unsuccessful. Fortunately Amazon's customer service was much better than Motorola's and my phone was replaced within a week unfortunately with the extra charges to ship and clear another phone I could have afforded something better.I found it unfortunate that even the technician said he does not encrypt his phone because of how unstable the process is. I find it pitiful to offer a service that isn't properly functional or tested. On my Nexus 7 the encryption was activated and successfully performed. Motorola still has some ways to go but overall the phone is worth the price just the caution and paranoia factor needs to be taken into consideration especially if you're an international customer.Hope to see bigger and better things from the company with Google backing it and let's hope my problem was a fluke and everyone else has a high performing product.

In short, the external SD card functionality for this phone does not work. I was unfortunate enough to discover this exactly one day after the option to return the device expired. If you want a phone that supports an external SD card. Do not get this phone.

I really time the Screen size, performance, Ease of use of new android. I wish it had SD card slot.

I got this phone for my brother in India. He broke the seal, popped the sim card, and phone started working without any hassle.An ideal phone for people who have a stringent budget, yet need decent configuration.

Excellent phone for this price range.  Simple to use, fast enough for most tasks, battery lasted a full day with average use. Speaker is great with good loud volume. Camera app is quick but the quality is nothing to scream about.

This phone has great technical specifications including a gig of ram, HD 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches (~326 ppi pixel density)display, and a very 'solid' feel.  The DPI is amazing, just watch some HD videos.  It is about as close as Iphone quality that you can get in a $150-200 dollar phone.  It also has android kiticat, and probably the next android release which will be nice.  I mean this is a $350-400 smartphone for 199 for the 16 gig version.The only problem is the screen WILL shatter into a million pieces of you drop it on anything, including a grass lawn like I did.  Smartphones as a whole are fragile, but this one takes the cake, really.  I dropped it onto a grass lawn and it didn't hit a rock or anything, but the screen completely shattered.  Since I don't have the extended warranty which is about than half the original price of the phone, paying $85-120 for a repair is crazy, and over half the original value.

DON'T BUY THIS.  Economical and worked great for 3 days.  Major problems with &#34;No Sim Card&#34; errors.  This is a well know product defect after Jan 2014 software upgrade.  I spent hours trying to get this problem resolved.  Dumped cache, reset to factory settings as Motorola request.  Finally sent it back to them and when I received the unit back it immediately had the same issue.TOTALLY DISSATIFIED.  WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK.

Very affordable fast LTE phone.

For it's price even the camera is fine.It has no NFC, no LTE, no wireless charging, no wired charger neither (came with only a data cable), no earphones. But that's all okay. As soon as I switched it on and I saw the Motorola Logo on screen, I could see it was just as good as an iPhone's display; IPS LCD 329 PPI (higher than the iPhone)As it booted up, it immediately upgraded to Android KitKat 4.2.2.There is NOTHING wrong with this device for it's price. For $199, it will challenge even the $450 to $500 ranged phones available now, off contract. Go for it.

I have had the Moto G for a month and so far it has been reliable and has done everything I had hoped it would do as a smartphone.

Great phone for an excellent price. Just arrive to Germany input a pre-paid SIM card and works perfectly no problem at all. Excellent option for an unlocked phone.

Fist of all I must say that I almost bought Nexus 5, but then saw this little beast and changed my mind. I was kinda skeptic until I got it. I knew that main cons of this phone are cameras, but that was not the case for me. I though of haptic experience of this phone. And it's just perfect! It's much smaller than Nexus 5, but not slower. Of course synthetic tests can show significant performance difference but in daily usage I have not seen any. Its fast, its smooth, it works for two days on a single charge for me, it has nice display, nice sound from headphones (that is not included into package, but that's a plus for me) and... quite nice 5mp camera. Yup, that was big surprise for me. Camera is quite ok, but post-processing makes photos looks good on mobile devices. That is more than I expected for sure. I though that I would pass this phone to my younger sister if it will fail somehow, but now I'm about to order just another one for her :) And that's all just for half price of Nexus 5.

I purchased this phone through a no contract phone co.  and love it.  I love the sizeand the weight because I can grip it easily.  Compared to the small Samsung there is no comparison.  This is a Google phone so I have had no problem downloading from google play.  I did with the Samsung and had to factory reset it several times because I could not call out. It was rejecting the apps from google play.  Now I just purchased a wallet from Amazon especially for Motto G.

This is the best value item I've ever purchased! And for the price a brilliant mobile phone... Very good unit for the price.

i bought this phone and i found it is amazing, just issues i found is that it doesnt takes sd card to add storage space to the phone and that box dont bring earphones and charger plug but anything else was good  on it , is light and fast as i wanted.

All that needs to be said about the Moto G has been said and more. Premium build, wonderful screen, excellent battery life. What more can one ask for. Got it on Android 4.3 and had  it updated to Android 4.4.2 in a couple of hours.

This is my first smartphone so I am thrilled with all the new apps! But the phone itself is working wonderfully! I LOVE IT! I did have problems with using Straight Talk with this phone as I couldn't get any pic messages but when I switched to a different carrier it worked perfectly!! Great pictures!!

It's the best choise for it's price! I've never regretted that I bought it. All day long battery and very loud speaker.

I first pre ordered this from Amazon on Dec 2, however, the shipping date for the Global 16GB version was later (I believe 11th) so I changed my order to Motorola directly instead, probably a bad choice. Since they experienced a heavy snow storm, the product was shipped a week and a half after its &#34;week of Dec 2&#34; shipping estimate. Customer service wasn't as helpful as I liked (they had no idea when it was actually shipping), but they were responsive. I never got a tracking number from them, and my order says not shipped, but it arrived. Keep this in mind for those that ordered from Motorola directly as their entire system is extremely, finicky.Onto the phone itself, the device is built fairly well, except the buttons. They rattle when you shake the phone, type on the phone, when it vibrates, and when you just move/flip/touch the phone in anyway. Its not a huge deal, but it is the most obvious issue. Some have said that they got really good buttons, but the majority seems to get some rattle. For the price however, you do get an excellent screen, decent chipset (Snapdragon 400, quad core A7, Adreno 305), ample RAM, enough storage for the intended audience, and ultimately a clean, uncluttered Android 4.3 soon to be 4.4.There is however one pretty big software issue that remains to be sorted. Its actually ground breaking enough that I am now returning the phone and getting a slightly more expensive handset (in a rush, so an exchange wouldn't work). The Moto G, sometimes experiences a battery reading &#34;bug&#34;. Say you are using your phone normally, anywhere between 100%-&#62;1% you have a chance of it suddenly dropping to 0% and shutting the phone off. What happened to me was after the first discharge cycle (to around 15%) when I just got the phone, I charged it up to 100% and shut it off for the night. The next morning, it could not turn on at all. Plugging in the charger did nothing but light up a white LED. Keeping it plugged in for an hour resulted in a screen showing up that says its charging, but only at 6%. The charger works for my Xperia Z, portable battery, and is rated for 1900mah. I also tried a lower, 850mah one and it resulted in the same issue. You can search online for many others experiencing the same problem. There is an issue with either the battery, the software detecting of the battery, or something else that remains to be fixed.The phone otherwise,+ Loud (remember to change the default ringtone!)+ Good build quality (minus the buttons)+ Customizable shell (I picked up a white one)+ Nearly stock Android, no lag, no garbage apps (there is a Moto help and transfer app, that's it)+ 4.4 planned to be coming soon+ Nothing comes close at this price+ Customer service is helpful, though wait times are a tad long (4 calls, ranging around 10-25minutes)- Battery bug/issue is serious if you have it- Button rattle seems to be common, and may be annoying to some- Camera performance is mediocre at best, only 720P video recording- Lack of 5GHz Wifi (Miracast as well)- Removing the back cover feels like you are breaking it- Battery sealed- System language support (displaying the menu in another language), but see below...There are very limited amounts of languages supported as another has stated. There are only English, Spanish, Portuguese, and French. You can however, for those willing to experiment, flash the UK's firmware, which DOES have all the languages. It is pretty upsetting that they removed it from the ones sold in the US. The process is simple and should not void your warranty as you do not need to unlock the bootloader. People wanting Chinese, or a variety of other system languages should search XDA in addition to &#34;Install Moto G UK Generic Firmware/Stock ROM&#34;, which should give you a nice step-by-step procedure. Flash at your own risk, but XDA users have reported it to be simple and that it works. I was planning on doing it, but my device no longer starts up.Unfortunately, I didn't have time for a return and gambling that a fix/replacement would work. Motorola's CS however, was very quick to issue a return + refund. While there is a fairly lengthy wait to get to a representative, they don't bother you with too many questions and are in general, offer a good customer service experience.So overall, -2 for the button rattling and the battery issue, but +1 for Moto's CS.

This is the best phone for its price. It is really nice, my daughter love it and I love that.

My son bought one. So I decided to buy one for my wife and myself.Excellent phone and easy to use. Great clarity and I love the voice control with instant response.Super graphics

Its really a good cell phone for the price, is fast, the battery is durable. The Moto G is awesome!!

The phone and Android are perfect. Don't let the phone charge all the way down. There is an issue, that it might not ever come back to life. Mine did after a few hours of stress and internet search. Just don't let it run down to 0% before Motorola fixes this issue (they are working on it).

Used the phone for over a month now. I am quite happy with the phone. Give it only 3 stars based on two areas.1). The phone dial keypad lags. Not various keyboards in any of the applications, just the key pad. I updated to KitKat immediately when I opened it from the box and experienced terrible lag when making phone calls. I am not a fast texting person so my typing on the keypad is not extraordinary fast. The lag was so bad that after I finished all the 10 digits, the responding tone was still sounding the 7th digit. After a week trying to find out why I decided to do an FDR. It helped, not as bad but the lag is still noticeable. If anyone can help me fixing this I will up the rating.2) Battery drains faster than my old iPhone 3G that this phone replaces. I tried all the suggestions that I came across in various forums but still no luck.

My wife loves the phone and she is glad I made her switch to android, after been with iPhone for 3 year she is definitely not missing ios

My device does not work the screen, the Touch does not work for me to use, how do?Looking forward

I could not get MMS messaging to work that were given on Straight Talks support website.After playing around for hours these are the settings that worked for me:Name=Straight TalkAPN=tfdataMMSC= [...]MMS proxy = [...]MMS PORT=80MCC=310MNC=410Authentication Type=PAPAPN type=default,supl,mms,hipriHope this helps out everyone that buys one of them G's

It is a very good phone cell for me. I update to Andrio 4.4 after receiving. It runs rather smoothly.

I like this product. It's very fast.

Very good .....

OMG, OMG, Best unlocked phone for under 300 dollar. You can not go wrong with this phone. A MUST BUY

This is a great phone at a very cheap price. i love the new OS and the functions of the phone are very good as well as it construction. i totally recomend this product for everyone that wants a good and cheap phone

as this is my 1st smart phone i don't feel qualified to review it but i have read many people that bring this phone to h2o are having trouble configuring it but if you go to h2o wireless homepage they will give you an option to configure this or any android phone manually and their settings work perfectly no trouble whatsoever with data or texts

this is a great phone i have used 1 week and i like it. But this camera SUCKS, i knew it was 5MP but i had another phone with a 5 MP camera and was better than this 1.anyways if u need a phone and u dont have more than 200$ there is no better phone out there.

What can I say- I love this phone. I ditched my Sprint contract and the HTC One for this Moto G. I paired it with AioWireless (AT&T;'s Prepay) and managed to cut my wireless bill in half. I was heavily concerned about not having LTE in a new device, and not being future-proofed, since all the carriers are pouring money into LTE development. To be honest, this little phone screams on 3G AT&T; and T-Mobile's 3G HSPA. I can stream Netflix without a hiccup. I leave tons of apps running in the background and the 1GB RAM handles it flawlessly. The 720p resolution display is beautiful and the 1.2GHz Snapdragon 400 powers through any game I throw at it. Really, a spectacular device. I couldn't be happier with my choice. For anybody who might be interested, Motorola coated the internals with something to prevent water damage. Before I bought the phone, I watched a Youtube video of somebody submerging the device for a few minutes and then using it afterwards.If you're considering this device, you already know that it doesn't have LTE, NFC, or an IR Blaster for TV control. I had all those on my previous device, and I can't say I am missing any of them. The Moto G is hands down, the best bang for your buck when it comes to mobile computing power.

I've had the phone for a few months now and it's been a total rock star.  The call quality and performance is above anything I expected.  I thought the 8 gig may not be enough storage, but with the cloud services available through Google Play, Amazon and Dropbox I'm not having any issues.  It's forcing me to learn how to use the cloud more.  Very Happy!!

Excellent phone! works perfectly with movistar venezuela

Simply a great great cell phone so fast, very friendly, 100% recomended, my expectations about it are completely covered  !!!!!!!

this phone is nothing short of EPIC! for an android at this price this is a Bangboom for your buck... if you are looking for a device that is smooth comes with all the write features and is cheap this is the phone for you...

Very good price, very good product, very fast delivery.But no travel charger, you need to buy it.After the upgrade to the latest system supports most languages&#8203;&#8203;, this pleasing.

Great looking phone, updated Android OS, great user interface, easy to set up.If I had to change one thing, it would be to add 4G.

You have to consider that you do not get more space of what it brings, but this is the best smartphone deal of the moment, good battery life, good camera, and last version of android... very nice

Do yourself a favor and just get this.Pros:-Feels very fast and smooth with new kit kat update.  Does not feel like the processor is slow in any way.-Plain android with no added skins or garbage apps-Very fast shipping.  Ordered on a Friday with Amazon Prime and I got it the same day for only $4 extra shipping.-Battery lasts almost 2 full days on moderate usage.  Coming from a phone that had to be charged twice a day, this is liberating.-$200!!!  I vowed never to sign another mobile phone contract.  I don't like committing to them.  This phone is an affordable alternative to subsidized cell phones sold from the carriers.  I use this phone on the straight talk ATT network.There are only 2 cons to this phone:1. No 4g.  Top mobile data speed is 3g (or maybe HSPA+ which you can consider to be 3.5g)2. Camera is not top notch, but still decent

exceeds all my hopes, great phone for its value, more than recommended. It's better than the S3 Mini all the way

I have had some great phones but the chains of a contract.  I have had terrible prepaid phone that made me want to cry.  However, this phone is prepaid with Verizon.  This phone does everything that I want it to do and is a joy to use.  My boyfriend loves it too and uses it for everything.  I haven't even used it for all that things that it can do. The video quality for watching movies and videos is fantastic.  I bought it on sale for $99.  It was well worth the money and much more. Best prepaid phone ever, ever, ever!!

The Price is OK. You get what you Pay for. So for $220 it's nice phone to have but, the OS or Graphics are not anywhere near to Samsung Android Phones. This looks like more Nexus kind of phone.Battery Runs out very fast. If you fully charge your Battery in Morning, by Night time it goes to 30 percent and that too without 3G or 4G or any data, When it's connected to wi-fi, (I meant connected not being used). May be use of 1 hour on talk. and connected to wi-fi will drain down the battery. So you can imagine the Battery life with 4Glte or 3G.Both the Speaker volume is too low. If you plan to use speakerphone on this, don't buy this. Speakerphone volume is too low. You can't even think of having it in car using hands free. And while talking on phone the voice is too low and sometimes you can't understand what the other person is talking even though they might be your family member whom do you know. or any stranger.The inbuilt Email application in android phones don't work with Yahoo Mail. You will have to manually refresh every time and even after that they will not be update.

one of the best Android budget phone out there.

good product excellent display and video quality . one think I felt bad  AC power charger and hands free not included.

For the money I couldn't ask for a better device. It has ran every task I have had without difficulty and the battery life is excellent.

Moto g @$179 is a steal great phone for people who are just looking for a smart phone. My mom who is not a tech person loves it very easy to use. With KitKat coming up it should be much better. GOOD JOB GOOGLE

Amazing phone, pretty much worth every penny. Highly recommended to everyone willing to get a new phone at a good price

The device was for my sister. I've had the 16GB device for 6 months have no qualms at all. Thanks.

I've had my Moto G LTE phone for a couple of weeks, now. Mine's black, and I bought an optional blue back to make it easier to find. After 13 years, I've been able to walk away from Verizon Wireless, and their cartel-ish rates and policies. I don't necessarily need a new phone every 2 years, and if I don't, I don't want my payments to go on forever, after the phone has been paid for. I also love the freedom to be able to change carriers if I find I want to. The ~$200 Moto G unlocked phone made this possible.Also, and this is hardly trivial, the reviewers are right. This is a terrific smartphone by any standard. It feels good in my hand, is small enough to be used one-handed, has a bright, sharp display that I can read, and seems to have none of the bad habits or slow reactions that used to corrupt Android phones. The hardware is powerful The LTE works great. The micro-sd card gives me +32mB more storage for about $16.I connected mine through Cricket. I went to the Verizon store, paid up my bill, and told them to expect my customer relationship to end. They were very friendly and professional. I then took the Moto G to the Cricket store, where they signed me up for a month-to-month relationship, transferred my old telno, and downloaded my contacts from the Verizon phone to the Moto G. They installed the SIM card, and tested everything out.I would be paying $50 a month for my Cricket service (unlimited text and talk, up to 2.5GB of data per month), but I save $5 off that because I gave them an auto-pay with my credit card. If I used Verizon, that would cost about twice that amount. They have cheaper and more expensive plans.Cricket runs on the AT&T; network, and seems to be everywhere I go. At home, I can't even get voice service with T-Mobile or Sprint, so those service providers are o-u-t.My ratings:Cost: * * * * *Function * * * * *Screen * * * * *Smooth Op * * * * *Feel in hand * * * * *Feel in pocket * * * * *Battery Life * * * * * (Sometime, I go three days between charges)Ease f transfer of account/telno * * * * *KitKat 4.4.3 * * * * *Goodbye Verizon -- Goodbye Contract.

I bought this to replace my aging Droid Razr XT912 (one of the first models in that series), which recently bit the dust. Coming from that, this phone is noticeably and, in fact, significantly quicker, both to boot and with execution of apps and the like. I want to put an emphasis on the boot time; it took what seemed like an eternity (2-3 minutes in reality) to boot my Droid Razr. In comparison, I've clocked the Moto G at a boot time of 35 seconds!My Razr also came with Verizon's plethora of crapware and their even crappier contract shackled to it. By contrast, the Moto G is an unlocked Google experience phone that, compared to that of a contract phone, has a very minimal, yet functional and convenient assortment of preinstalled apps. One of those apps, however, that I found to be much better on the Razr was Moto Assist, formerly known as Moto Smart Actions. Moto Assist is basically a dismembered version of Smart Actions with drastically less functionality. I found it useless in its present form and I ended up disabling it. The Moto G also came pre-installed with Google Now, which I have found very useful for speaking Google search queries, setting alarms, To-Dos and other day-to-day tasks, like checking the weather- this, for me, is much faster than using the screen for such functions.Battery life on the Moto G is like night and day compared to my Razr. With regular use, I can go the whole day and a good part of the night without charging. Minimal use, I could probably squeeze a couple days out of it. Above average use, I'd guess, would yield most of the day. It's definitely worth noting and looking into some of the very helpful apps out there for battery management that can really boost the battery mileage on Android phones. If you want a really thin phone, the Moto G may not be your ideal model. I'd estimate it's about 150% the density of the ultra-thin Razr, but personally, that does not bother me, even with a bumper case.The rear-facing camera leaves some things to be desired on this phone. The auto focus is not all that great and it does not take very good pictures in darker environments. The Razr was much better in this area. However, I have heard that Google has or is going to release a different camera app to improve this... We'll see.The one big issue I've had so far is one that, fortunately, thanks to Amazon's outstanding exchange policy, I am now in the process of correcting. That is the size of the internal storage. I didn't use much of the Razr's storage (I think it was 16 internal, 8 external), so I thought I could get by with the minimum. A lot of people probably could, but I store a fair amount of music on my phone, so in addition to the apps, my internal storage was almost completely eaten up only two weeks in. I encourage anyone buying a new phone to consider this carefully, as many retailers are not as forgiving as Amazon.Something else to consider with the Moto G is the cell radio: It only support 3G and 2G. No 4G on this phone. Additionally, you have to choose between the U.S. version, which is compatible with 3G coverage from AT&T; and T-Mobile in the U.S, but fairly limited in carrier compatibility overseas; if you tend to travel overseas, like me, the global version may be a better pick for you, as it support many more GSM carriers in Europe and other areas, however, it supports 3G coverage only from AT&T; carriers and is limited to 2G on T-Mobile carriers in most of the United States. T-Mobile is working on expanding their 3G coverage on the frequency this phone supports. Personally, I've always been quite happy with 3G speeds, and I was able to find a decent AT&T-based; MVNO, so the global edition has suited me fine, so far. If you're not sure, please do your research before committing to one or the other.The best part of the Moto G, of course, is the excellent midpoint it achieves between price and quality. Motorola really seems to be taking the bull by the horns with their budget and mid-tier phone initiatives.Overall, I am very happy with the Moto G. It lacks some of the bells and whistles of its higher end siblings, but if you're looking for a great entry to mid-level smart phone that is fairly fast, with good battery life and, best of all, a presently unbeatable price for its features, I can definitely recommend the Moto G. 4/5 stars.

I have the Samsung galaxy blaze that started dying on me recently and was trying to upgrade my phone through t mobile but the phone prices were like 600! I really didn't want to pay that much for a new phone and looked at the reviews for the Motorola G and decided to get it. Best decision I made! This phone is very reasonably price and I can do so much with it. The screen is nice and bright, Even though it only has 3g I have not notice any excessive buffering when I'm loading pages, games etc, and that's in comparison with the 4g network on my Samsung blaze. If you are looking for a reasonably price phone that allows you to browse internet, play games, this is for you, I will say the camera is ok and is good for some selfies, catching a moment with friends etc, but don't expect the best looking pictures with this phone. Overall this is a really good phone for the price.

the phone looks good and and having most of the futures. I have  selected based on feedback provided by others

Fast shipping. The phone was activated on the $30 Walmart/T-Mobile plan. In Woodstock, IL. I'm getting 11Mbps download speeds even tho the phone says 3G.

Very goob

Snappy performance and battery life for being such a budget phone .Only disadvantage is lack of micro sd slot but free 50gb google drivefor 2 years isn't that bad either .

As said above, the phone performs well. As an android(Kitkat) phone, the world of google play and millions of apps are compatible with this phone. Regardless of the app or number of apps loaded on the phone, it launches and runs them with ease. The back camera is also quite good and the led flash is very bright resulting in good pictures in dark situations. The display is bright and sharp and very respectable for a 4.5 inch device. Speaker is LOUD! Charge overnight and you'll be good all day. Get the 16GB, over time 8GB will fill up. Build quality and materials are ok (plastic, no metals here). A wide variety of after market cases and accessories are available and are recommended. Great deal for the average to slightly advanced user, you wont be dissapointed.

Excelent Phone. Fast and furious! We are happy (my wife bought the same Phone). I think its the Best Phone for the price.

I dont usually write reviews, but I had to this time. I bought the Moto G -US GSM Unlocked 16GB. First, the phone arrived very quickly and in new condition as promised. Second, upon its arrival, I hooked it up and inserted my ATT sim with absolutely no problems. Third, this phone runs like a champ! Shortly after turning it on, I got my KitKat update :) I have had several android phones in the past, but this one (in my opinion) runs faster and is better organized without alot of bloatware. The battery, is one of the best Ive seen yet. I downloaded alot of apps, played around with my homescreens, browsed the net, checked emails, and sent a few texts. I started out with 100% and 7 hrs later, with the doing the above things, I still had 70% left. I couldnt do half of that on my iphone 4s without my battery being dead in less than 4 hrs! Pretty much the same story with my HTC Inspire. Im not doing anything new with the Moto G that I didnt do with my previous phones. Not having a removable battery or memory card can be a major downer for some but for me its not a big deal. This phone runs smoothly and has a very attractive price tag. If you are looking for a low price, great functioning, android device, this is the one for you!

defective phone, the battery of the device can not be loaded, telefono defectuoso la bateria no es cargada por el telefono.

So here is the long winded story -- T-Mobile only supports an LTE frequency called U1900.  This phone doesn't support U1900.I'm returning my 2nd, un-opened phoneBuyer beware!Edit 1-Useless update from T-Mobile tech support --"Hi Michael, this is john from tmobile we were not able to find any documents that we can send you since they are internal documents please go to tmobile store and we will more than happy to show you our  Data Device Band Capabilities"

It was bought to replace an older flip phone.  Works really well and does all that is required.  Takes good photos and syncs with other devices easily.  Happy with purchase.

This phone promises some newest smartphones features for a low price, and it actually does. battery duration is very good

Needed a good unlocked phone for travel and this fits the bill. Fast processor, excellent screen resolution, good touch response, good battery life, sufficient memory, wifi conects well. Make sure you order/buy micro sims. Only has 3G, but really not looking for high speed streaming data while traveling out of the U.S. Just want a good phone with mobile data for email and calendar with some browser capability and news apps. Excellent price/value and sturdy build.

I would recommend to buy this if you are looking for a Mobile with a decent configuration and latest software of android.

I bought 2 as my wife wanted a smartphone and after doing research I decided to get myself one too.  The phone is great.  Granted it only has 3G and no NFC, but I'm in Brazil now and 4G is iffy and LTE is down the road.  The phone is clear on calls, I get good speeds on WiFi and 3G.  At this price there's nothing better and many phones costing more give less.

Well im sure most people have put more detailed reviews but ill give my 2 cents. I pre-ordered this phone a week before it came out, and i got it the next week (bought directly from Motorola) and i am really loving this phone. For me having an unlocked phone has been going amazingly well. I have never had this phone freeze on me, and have not have had any force quits or ANYTHING AT ALL!!! that is amazing. Compared to my previous phone all of the specs were either an upgrade or the same hardware that i was used to (Previously had a Samsung Galaxy Fascinate, rooted and running AOPK 4.2.2 custom rom). This phone in the hardware department has been awesome, going from a single core cpu overclocked to 1.2 GHZ to a quad core cpu not overcloakced at 1.2 Ghz is a huge step forward for me. Also having a whole gig for ram is great for people like me that like to listen to FLAC files (FYI FLAC is a sound file like mp3 but FLAC is much higher quality) on the go. IN a summary I'd say for an unlocked phone with a quad core, more than adequate gpu, and a great battery life ( can go 2 days without charging with moderate use) this phone can not be simply beat. Amazing

Nice purchase; fit for our need. We have been looking for unlocked GSM phone; to be away from expensive plans and it's a nice smartphone; though LTE is not there; however it wasn't criteria we have been looking for.

Nothing bad except one point...if you drain out your battery then you need wait for few hours to recharge and bring back to life.

Twice I was sent 2 locked phones when I bought an UNLOCKED one.

An excellent phone with Android version too close to &#34;pure&#34;. Great and bright screen, great performance. Recommended to anyone who wants to start in Android Universe.

I'm really impressed by this phone. Nice crisp LCD screen, fast processor, 1 Gig of ram, the latest version of Android 4.4.2 and most importantly a battery that lasts a full day. The phone was made to compete with lower end android phones and it totally exceeds this and even gives the top end phones a run. The only cons is It doesn't have a huge amount of storage space (5.52gb), but Google does give you 50 Gigs of Google Drive space. it is slightly on the heavy side for me, but a lot of people will like this as it feels solid. And the camera is only a 5 mega pixel. But keep in mind how cheap this phone is, you get a lot of bang for your buck. So if you're looking for a reliable phone as a 'daily driver' it's hard to beat the Moto G.

Really happy with my purchase, this phone is so awesome.. didn't have any problems with it so far and the shipping was really quick. 100% recommended.

I purchased this for a friend and they seem to be enjoying it.  I particularly liked how it felt, don't know why.

Great  Phone  very  good  price  te Best  on the  market  right  now.... Just  buy  it  you  will  be  satisficed  con...

100% Recommended it's a great case It met all my expectations very useful and practical. This phone is just amazing!

Good battery life.Pure Google android, immediately updated to kitkat 4.4.2Ease of useNo lock in to vendorInternational suppory

The phone is so cute, can run any application, but the battery is very bad, we can't change it, if you change yourself your battery, warranty void, i love my moto g but i'not satisfy for the battery.

I recommend getting the 16gb model for apps and media. I love music on my phone so also purchased an OTG usb to keep music on and plug into my phone for listening to music.

Came incomplete and looks used, lacked headset and stuff

I have been looking for a well priced mid-range handset for my wife for a long time - unfortunately devices in this price range are normally old, slow, run ancient versions of Android and have terrible screens.The Moto G is quick, up to date (4.4) and has a great screen. It has the bare minimum of extra software (a couple of motorola apps) and runs anything you throw at it. Standard tasks are fluid and fast.Lack of LTE is a bummer, but to be honest not a major.Would buy another one of these in a heartbeat. The Flip Cover is a great accessory too.

I purchased this phone on January 2014 based on Google product which are really of good quality,,  I used  it for aprox. 2 months before having WI-Fi connection problems, then 15 days later out of the blue while having the phone in my pocket the phone shut off itself , I tried every method under the earth to tun it on, I even called Motorola customer services like 5 times at not avail , then went to my local carrier maybe to see if there was any battery problem, they told me only Motorola can open up this phone, then called Motorola , they provided all the resources to have the phone ship to them, this is where it get phony , they returned my piece of garbage phone unfixed because they claim I tampered with the phone.While the phone worked it was very good for that price, BE AWARE IF YOU DAMAGED YOUR PHONE OR WHATEVER IT GONNA TAKE 20 DAYS FOR YOU WITHOUT A PHONE BEFORE THEY GOT A ANSWER FOR YOU.I just lost 2 hundreds dollar because my stupid decision of buying this piece of crap.I will never ever buy a Motorola phone again.

I ordered this unlocked GSM smart phone for use with Consumer Cellular services. Despite several phone calls with Consumer Cellular technical assistance I was unable to transmit or receive data over the cellphone network. I returned the phone and bought an identical one directly from Consumer Cellular and it works fine.

I recently bought this phone for my 60+ year old mother as a Christmas gift.  This is the first smart phone she has ever used, let alone owned and I've got to say that the transition from &#34;dumb phone&#34; to &#34;smart phone&#34; has been a real piece of cake!  She has had hardly any questions about using this phone, which has really freed up time for me to stare at my own smart phone!

First of all i would like to Thank you Amazon for excellent service. I got my order within two days.Coming over to the Phone. Motorola is back with this phone in to the market . The phone is quite fast with latest android  update ( 4.4.2).Pros :1. Best in price2. Fast in terms of use3. Good battery life.Cons :1. No micro SD slot2. Camera could have been a little better.At the end , i must say if your are looking phone in this price range then Moto G it is . I have been using this device for a month now and i would rate overall this device as 8.5/10.

I bought this phone for my daughter.  She already has an iPad so I didn't want to spend a ton on a phone.  The battery lasts all day and it has a decent amount of memory at 16 gig.  The camera is ok but I might try and download a different app to see if it improves any.  She loves the screen size, it is 4.5 inches.  Bought a rugged case so as to protect my investment.

This is a great phone for an really good price. Unless you plan on really pushing the capabilities of smart phones, it will do everything you want easily at a fraction of the price of other phones.

This is the best smartphone under 350 bucks. (Under $351 would be the Nexus 5). Anyway, if I would guess how much this phone costs before I knew the price, I would guess 400-500 dollars off contract. This phone is AMAZING for the price. It runs the graphically intense games just fine. I put all the settings on max or at least high. The screen is also very good. 720 isn't that big of a difference to 1080. 326 pixels per inch? Hell yeah! The battery life is pretty impressive too. You get a whole day of heavy usage and still have some juice left over tomorrow for a few hours. The only downsides of this phone is the following: No 4G, no NFC, and no storage expansion. Go with the 16GB, trust me. Oh and did I tell you this phone was near WATERPROOF? Yes, that is right. Youtube &#34;Moto G water test.&#34; So that's about it. Great device for amazing price. Go Motorola!

i like this phonethough the spec is not that great its working good.i prefer to recommend this phone for average users

cell excellent price / performance, no complaints this updated version of android kit kat, goes very well in applications that probe, it may not require much

The phone stopped surprised me most of all for its quality and price. It's super fluid in the performance of their applications, and that everything has kitkat 4.4.2. On the subject of the camera is accessible to photo sharing on our social networks and has to make video calls. The battery lasts me all day in regular use is perfect.I Good Holiday this phone to everyone for their quality and price.

This is 2014 must have phone with android 4.4. I wish it was assemble in the USA like Moto X.

I really like this phone for the price. The only issue is that when it is plugged in and charging, the touchscreen doesn't always work.

It has a level of comparison against nexus 4 and s3. Not have expandable memory but is complemented by 16GB, and has a google cloud storage. The screen looks good color. I like how you can hold the phone and it is pure android. It has its own characteristics to be motorola such as security. In summary the best purchase I could have made. you will not regret.Motorola is doing a boom in the market of smartphones with this model.

Moto G's low price does not come at the cost of performance. Kit Kat was updated right out of the box. Soon after that, another update brought back OTG function. Couldn't be happier with this Motorola (Google) budget smartphone.

Very disappointed good phone for 180 but 4.4.2 was laggy/buggy. Phone was okay. Good starter phone but not for me

Good camera,good screen and battery can last a whole day.Upgradeable to Android 4.4. No regrets about the phone :)

Fast, fast, agile, 0 lag, when I arrived and had the Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat, I'm using it and I highly recommend it to all, is the best mid-range (with high performance) currently.Rapido, veloz, agil, 0 lag, cuando me llego ya tenia el Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat, lo estoy usando y lo recomiendo ampliamente a todos, es el mejor gama media (con prestaciones de alta) actualmente.

Screen, features all work as mentioned. Overall a very good tech stack and experience. Love the android 4.4.2 version upgrade.

I had a nexus 4, which I consider a mighty fine phone. Unfortunatly it was stolen. I did not want to spend to much money, since I seem to be jinxed.When my BF suggested this &#34;cheap&#34; phone, I was sceptical, but now I am convinced. It is no nexus 4, but it comes awfully close for this price.Pro's:- You get a lot for the price- Pure android, no stuff I don't need (this is a not so subtile hint samsung!)- It can take a fair share of water (alltough I did not dare to test it, since I am phone jinxed :D )- It does not break as quickly as the nexus (which I did tested... remember I am jinxed?)Cons:- No Dutch keyboard. Solved by buying swiftkey for a few euro's- No sip stack implementation: this will not bother you if you are not a developer, but I am and it did bother me.If you want a great phone, but you have a limited budget... This is the one.

Excelent

This is not a review of the Motorola Moto X but a review about Motorola and their not existing after sales sevice in Thailand, also about the Moto X if it would become available here and in Europe:- I bought in 2013 a Motorola Defy mini in Bangkok.The Android OS crashed and I learned that Motorola outsourced after sales service to the local company Loxley. Loxley did a good job, no complaints.No, just days after warranty expired, I returned to Loxley for technical support to the defective Motorola cell phone. The battery is defective, but Loxley explained to me they do not have spare parts from Motorola. I got for free from Loxley a new battery which is not the original battery. It worked until the battert was empty. Charging, the phone screen displayed the warning about the wrong battery and it did not charge.I reported to Motorola, I got their reply that they would contact me within 24h, but they did not follow up since 2624h.I tried to get the original battery from all the local cell phone specialists, but I learned that Motorola simply disappeared from the local market. Motorola may also disappeare from Europe because of patent violations. Outside the US we may carefully consider before buying any Motorola cell phone. Amazon asked to give stars before submitting reviews, they do not offer black holes.

Buy a "Meenova Mini MicroSD Card Reader" OR "Leef Access microSD Card Reader" (Google it or Amazon it).Then, buy a 32GB SDHC Class 10 UHS-1 Micro SD Card/64GB or 128GB SDXC Class 10 UHS-1 Micro SD Card.Then, Install "Nexus Media Importer" or "ES File Explorer File Manager" or "Solid Explorer" from Google Play Store and you're good to go.This is for those who keep crying about low storage.Btw, I didn't buy Moto G here on Amazon - Best Buy.

So first I should point out that I am a fan and recent convert to cheap unlocked cellphones. I have done the 2-year subsidized phones in the past and made the switch to off-contract unlocked phones after years of paying way too much for phone service, that when you leave the country just seem stupid. Now obviously you my first thoughts when abandoning a major carrier for something like Straight Talk or Cricket were things like number portability, network reliability, and data especially the sweet sweet 4G stuff. So I did my research and thanks to things like Google Voice and BYOP on Straight Talk I would be keeping my number; using the same networks for super low rates; and heck they even throw in 3GBs of LTE data. Now to the device at hand. The Moto G LTE, wow this little guy kick ass. Android KitKat installed with a guaranteed upgrade to the next Android flavor. Excellent build quality, with Gorilla Glass, LTE model comes with SD card slot as well.  Uses MicroSIM card it says not to use a SIM card adapter, but I did from a nano. When compared to other phones that a similarly priced, there are none that can come close to the specs we are talking about here.  LTE is a BIG deal, one of the biggest things keeping me in the higher priced phones like the Nexus 5, One+ One, and Blu. Obviously there are a couple of things that this phone does not have one being wireless charging  like my Palm Pre had several years ago (come on people,) you'll need to go with the Nexus 5 for that. The other feature I would have liked to have seen is NFC though this feature I have less concern about as the market is trying to figure out what to do with it.PROs:Holds its own with when compared with the flagships in terms of usability and overall build quality.PRICE, PRICE, PRICE...did I say PRICELTESD card slotAndroid 4.4 KitKatCONs:Slower Processor and lower resolution screen than flagshipsNo NFCNo Qi Wireless ChargingLower megapixel camera than flagships, but still excellent

It is way beyond my expectation. I am using Iphone 4s but I am thinking of buying another Moto G

The phone is very powerful, the display is clear and has a good resolution. The battery lasts for a long time (I reach about 16-17 hours using the phone browser, making calls, checking emails and social, with signal that is not always as strong as it would be in a well covered zone).Definitely a really good phone at a low price!

This is the best phone I have owned.  Very fast, great screen, solid build quality, etc...  I just updated to the latest android (4.4), which is something I would be waiting for ever for with another phone.  Yes, it does not have LTE, but the 3-8meg speeds I get are plenty for my tasks.  I know this phone is often put in the &#34;low end&#34; bucket due to it's price, but I bet it is enough to satisfy &#62;97% of users out there.

the speaker stops working today, after only 5 moth.I missed a lot of call and did not notice that the speaker not works. I can not even play music with it.very disappointed!

My wife has been using this phone for more than 2 months.It's really an excellent phone for less than $200:- beautiful screen- rather powerful hardware- nice design- fast response- latest Android version

I got this phone as a gift for my 21 year old step-son who lives in Central Europe.  Quality phones in his area are very expensive, and as a student, he has always had to settle for a smartphone that was a couple of generations old.  He was so happy to get a NEW phone for Christmas.  He really loves it !

My 14 and 12 year old girls love their new moto Gs....they were the right price for an unlocked phone.

Simply put, buy this phone! Good quality in the phone built. I really like how Motorola has been able to produce a phone like this for as little money.

I'm so glad i bought this one.Battery:So far the battery lasted for smth like 30-34 hours while using the cell normal way (calls: ~2 hours, 20 emails, 20-40 sms's, some &#34;light&#34; game (battery friendly)). Or on another day, i called for 2-3 hours, text few messages and mails, listened for 6 hours of music from soundcloud (headphones, via edge/g3) and still managed to get home 12 hours later with 27% on battery (which is pretty damn decent imo)I rly loved my previous phone, moto defy, but it started to fall apart (hw and sw - i dropped it like 100times without anything breake loose, but the cover was pretty worn out...) and i really wanted this phone... And this device is really different class. The major change i've noticed (since my last phone) is that the wifi module does not drain battery like on defy did (i can leave it on all the time and still manages to hit 24 hours with ~40% of battery). The wifi module on defy rly drained power (didn't matter if it's connected to some network or not).Camera:About the cam, sure it's a weaker one, but i don't really care about that: 1) it's way better than it was on my defy and 2) i have nice nikon with good lences...Performance:It's unbeliveably fast (for it's hw)... For this cost you'll get something like last (cr)apple or nexus s4 (i'm not talking about performance in games - i haven't tested that, just normal multitask/swaping between apps, running music on backgroud, videoplayback etc).Back repro & calls quality:The repro is also good, thought it might be a bit louder (which might bother somebody). Sometimes i notice slight distortion in sound, but it happens only in 1 crappy game (and i think it's the games fault)Droid:It came with v4.3 and not even a minute after first boot up it asked me about v4.4 update (+ another small patch after that), so the ota updates works even in country without motorola support).I'm using this phone in west eu (czech rep), o2 provider and it works without any errors (i checked the frequencies).I hope my summary helped...

I bought 3 of these for the family a month ago and all of them love it.  It's their first smart phone but they are pretty tech-savvy so I didn't think it would be a steep learning curve - and it wasn't; Kit-Kat is a very nice.  You may find the lack of 4G and dual-band WiFi problematic, but in our case these are not real issues.  Data requirements outside of WiFi range are really not very heavy, so 3G isn't really much of a drawback for us. And though I have a dual-band router, it is handling all the 2.4 GHz band requests just fine and as far as I can tell, all the public WiFi is running 2.4 Ghz anyway.

After 3 day of use (US Version 16 GB), is fast,i had a LG Optimus Black (1 core 1gz and 512 mb), so for me is fast, the battery life is  24hr, not so good but for the price, i live in Mexico and the phone works good using Telcel 3g, i am happy with my phone.

I bought this &#34;unlocked&#34; phone for my existing Verizon contract and although there is nothing wrong with the phone itself, I am extremely disappointed.  Apparently both Verizon & Sprint do NOT allow any unlocked phones to be used on their network unless it's their own unlocked phone.  This should be noted in the product description to save others the hassle.  So my anger is not with the phone itself but with Verizon's monopoly.

Great phone for the money! It was for my sister in law who is on straight talk. She is using it on ATT towers and is working great! I had to set it up for her and had to tinker with the APN settings for messaging but now it works flawless. Camera is a little lacking but is ok. Great phone.

Just what I expect from this phone. Simple and powerfull. Android 4.4.2. Bootloader is unlockable and you can program any alternative firmware.

Am not all satisfied with Amazon.com LLC delivery for this phone. Reason is I didn't get the headset and charger with this new phone which i purchase from amazon.Amazon didn't specify the contents in the phone pack. It is not specified in the website. Now I need to buy head set and charger for this phone separately which really bad :(

Let's make this clear. The Moto G isn't perfect. However, at $200 (16GB) it performs very far beyond the average expectation.I had it for 3 weeks now, it's time to write my opinions.I have a Nexus 5 running 4.4.2, the same OS I'm running on the Moto G.Pros:-Screen quality: Not the brightest, but in automatic brightness setting I haven't had much complain for it being too dark. Not full HD, but whatever. My eyes couldn't tell the resolution difference from Nexus 5.-Performance: It's fast enough to do anything I do, including most of the 3D games-Reception quality: No complaints here too. Here in Toronto, Canada I get well over 7Mbps consistently. Ok it's not LTE, but theweb pages always loaded nearly as fast as my Nexus 5-Solid build-Battery life: Boy, this thing can last long time. After my typical day which consists of: 30-minute phone calls, 20-30 combined emails received and sent, lots and lots of IMs (Google plus and Whatsapp), 2 hours of music play through bluetooth while I drive to work and back and then some bed time game play and facebook lurking, the phone still has 20% left.Cons:-Camera isn't the best, but it does the job for snapping facebook pictures-Cheap back cover material (but it does feel solid, meaning there is no creaking or gaps or rattles)-No 32GB availableHowever I must be clear that I thinkg the 'Cons' I listed aren't really big issues, I'm just nit picking for the sake of writing a review.Overall, this is a fantastic phone that will handle any daily tasks without a hassle. Plus, it's dirt cheap.

I upgraded to the Moto G from a LG Optimus Logic for use with Straight Talk. I got the required micro SIM card and had no problems activating. Transferring contacts, photos, personal ringtones, etc. was easy and painless with Motorola Migrate.I would have preferred an SD slot, but knew coming in that it didn't come with one. I generally don't take many photos or videos with my phone or store them on my device (not with all the cloud devices available for storage) or use my phone as a media player, so it was a non-issue. I went with the 8GB since I only wanted room for some useful apps and tools (no games or 'toys') and find I have had plenty of room.My area does not have 4G LTE... yet, so again, a non-issue for me.I was looking for a device to use for everyday and basic essential needs and tasks, not necessarily a lot of gimmicky buzzers & bells, and this Moto G delivers what I wanted and expected.

it can compete with galaxy s3!!it worth it money ,very good build quality,excellent screen,!!excellent phone !and excellent support from amazon ) the only drawback: camera(not catastrophic but it can be better)

Pros.Fast, good screen, low cost.Cons.1. Intermittent Camera failures - Sometimes start failing with  &#34;Camera error&#34; message. Only device reboot solves the problem.2. Disability to connect to some of WiFi Access points with WAP or WPA/WPA2 security protection - haven't find solution or work around for the problem yet.

Without a doubt, the best unlocked GSM phone you can get for the money at the moment.  I have zero complaints about mine.  I can't really add anything that the others haven't said.  I'll just say that it's a premium GSM phone at a budget price.

Bought this for my wife to replace her iphone 3G. She loved her phone and didn't want to give it up even though it had become buggy and slow. She's still learning the android system but loves the phone. Snappy is a good word for how it operates. Apps open quick and run smooth. The camera is ok but nowhere near as good as the iPhones which is all i have to compare it too. But the phone is half the cost of the iPhones also. We use it on straight talk. You straight talk people know what a pain the apn settings are to mess with. This phone is no exception. The straight talk website apn settings worked for everything but the mms. After a few weeks of my wife complaining about no mms i looked at her phone again. It seems the mms settings will not take unless you power the phone down and reboot it.  After I did that pictures people had sent her started pouring in on her texts and email. She's a happy camper now.

For it's price - it is quite good deal. Rest of the similar phones - at least 400 $. No mistake to buy Moto G - even if you have something more  expensive

Everything is fine. But the main issue is with wifi configuration. To configure wifi you need to download WifiManager and then can be configured. Stalk wifi manager has issues and is been reported by many people. I also see the wifi signal reception is bit week compared to a laptop. Not sure whether its because of price or every mobile has the same issue.

If you're looking for an Android phone without all the bells and whistles, this is the one. Unlocked for $200? Pretty impressive. Fast, great resolution and the camera is good enough for daily pics; if you want to be a photographer, you should probably buy your own camera. I am a neo-luddite, though, as I still wear a watch, so take that advice with a grain of salt.My only wish is that it came with an SD-card slot to expand the storage; I guess for long trips I'll have to bring my old MP3 player.

It's a good phone, the system very quickly. The camera is good . The only problem is sometimes when you like take a picture appear a error camera message and you need restart phone. But the phone is good, work very good...

This phone is the best bang for its bucks. Its performance is on par with nexus 4 and has way longer battery life. Recommend for those who wants mediocre android phone.

This phone is absolutly perfect for me. If you don't care having the last smartphone and don't see the point in having something faster than needed (why always more?), then this phone is as well perfect for you

I'm an android fan (and yes I own an iPhone 4s as well) I bought this phone for testing (I'm a developer) and it's a great solid phone! Price point is excellent and I'm now running it with a pre-paid plan and it works great. I use it with my Chromecast as well. Nice low-price phone that provides a lot more than it's price point indicates.

I was looking for sub-200 cellphone and chose this model. Using since more than two months now and very satisfied. Fast, responsive and with lot of sensors, especially maps are very accurate. Best has been quick android updates. Glad I bought it.

This is a nice smart phone for the price.  Only three complaints after a month of ownership:1.  Short battery life.  If you like to play game apps, you might as well keep the phone plugged to an electrical outlet...but oh wait, it does not come with a charger.  It only has a very short USB cable, which makes it even more annoying.2.  Some &#34;graphics-intensive&#34; apps appear to overload the processing capacity and &#34;crash&#34; the phone.  Reminds me of why I transitioned from Windows to iOS products.3.  Camera resolution is subpar.  If you want nice, crisp pictures, bring a separate camera.Other than that, it's a great phone for the price.

I am a college student, that being said there is no need to emphasize on my terrible financial status. I was saving up since 2 months to buy a good phone which would meet all my expectations. When I read reviews about Moto g on amazon I was awestruck by the design, functionality, performance. I was worried a bit whether i was doing a right thing choosing this phone. Now that I have it with me and after using it for a month already. I think I made a right decision and I am very happy with this product. I would give full points for the design and performance. But they could have done better in terms of battery capacity.

I am very satisfied with the phone.Battery level is acceptable (2 days with moderate use).The processor(s) speed is very good (no lagging).You can upgrade to kitkat righ away and also installed the google experience launcher.The camera is not bad if hdr mode is turned on.

It's a great price for a great device. It compares very well with some higher-end phones. The screen is a little smaller, there's no access to the battery, and there's no SD slot (the only thing that caused me to almost not buy one). But the resolution of the screen is fantastic, the lack of a SD slot hasn't been that big of a deal (so far), and the battery only becomes a problem when it starts to give out. For the price it's worth those two shortcomings are still minor enough that it's well worth having.Just one word of caution. The phone is unlocked, but the bootloader isn't. You can get the bootloader unlocked by Motorola for free. But it will void your warranty. I did it. My fingers are crossed.

This is coming from someone who has never used a mid-level smartphone before, so my review may be somewhat biased when compared to those familiar the highest end smartphones on the market. I can say with complete honesty that I can find no major downsides to this device. It is a fantastic and powerful smartphone that would suit the needs of pretty much anyone looking for a good Android device.Pros :-Android 4.4.2 KitKat. Lower system requirements ultimately means a much smoother performance than previous versions of Android, and that is certainly true of the Moto G. I've yet to run into any major hiccups with this device in any apps.- Rock-solid build quality and design. Motorola nailed it with this device, taking the majority of design features from their flagship Moto X. Corning's Gorilla Glass 3 and Motorola's water-resistant nanocoding (watch a video here of the Moto G withstanding 30 minutes underwater with no damage : [...]) make for a quite durable smartphone that will hold up to some wear and tear.- Technical specifications. For as low as $179, you get a quad-core Snapdragon 400 CPU with an Adreno 305 GPU, which, again, amounts to buttery-smooth performance with just about any app or game. Sure, it's not the Snapdragon 800 present in more premium devies, such as the Nexus 5 and Samsung Galaxy Note 3, but it is far from slow in everyday usage.- Battery life. With a 2070 mAh (non-removable) battery, this phone will last you through the day with moderate usage.- Unlocked. No contracts here, just insert an active compatible micro-SIM and you're good to go.Cons :- The camera (for camera-savvy users). Personally, I like the 5-megapixel camera on this device, coming from a device with a measly 2 megapixel shooter. The front-facing 1.2 mp camera and LED flash are nice additions too. However, users looking for excellent photographs with vivid colors and great low light performance may want to look elsewhere. For the average user, however, the camera will not be a problem.Overall, this device outperforms anything else in the price bracket, especially similarly-priced Samsung devices. Motorola hit the nail on the head with the Moto G, and I would recommend this device to just about anyone looking for an excellent smartphone at an excellent price.

I have owned probably 15 phones over the last several years, and this is hands-down my favorite.Other reviews have covered the specs and so forth, but I cannot recommend this highly enough at this price.

For the price, nothing comes close to the quality and specs of the Moto G. Now with the option to add 4G for only $20 more, I could easily see myself with this phone if I didn't already have the Nexus 5.This is the perfect &#34;parents or kids&#34; phone that won't cost you an arm and a leg without a contract.

I always liked Motorola cell phones, so I picked this over a few others. Happy I did! Works super fast, loaded with features, long battery life, super crisp picture!

I like it lot, but this phone does not include charger neither headphones.

It has a great display. Fast processor. The speaker is loud and clear. Liked everything about this mobile. Would recommend this to everyone.

Smooth performance, very durable, excellent battery life, and comes with a near stock android experience all for a low price. For this price you simply can't get a better phone!

God performance for a low end phone.Decent battery life. Updates to Kit-Kat 4.4.2.I only wish it had LTE. But 3G for T-Mobile in my area is pretty fast if I get a decent signal.

motorola knows what design means ! and they give us a high quality product for a low price .. . what else can we want &iquest;?.

This phone was more than I expected ! I have no complains ! and I would absolutely recommend it for everyone. Battery life is fantastic , it lasted me all day and night too! Speaker it&#8217;s amazing!, form factor is very solid and durable. I love Motorola&#8217;s software implementation from Android.

On a budget and this by far exceeded my expectations.  I love the Google operating system. Takes great pictures and the speaker is loud if you have it on speaker. With normal use all day with checking emails, messages, calls-the battery life can last you all day.  It's a bit heavier than my Samsung S, but I don't mind it at all.  Great combination of Motorola & Google to make an excellent phone.I'm very happy with this phone and it doesn't break your bank account.  I would recommend this phone if you are looking to replace an old android.

fabuloso

I've only had the phone for a few days now and so far so good. The display is bright and vivid, and the LTE version is super fast. I love all the Google apps/integration and the mic picks up everything I say almost every time. Coming for an Iphone4 for over 2 years, I thought I would miss it but not so. This phone trumps my old iPhone in size, display, features, and customization options. The camera is so/so, as is the video. Love the live wallpaper, ringtones, and crisp sound. No issues with web browsing on the 4G network.Of course, there are some minor things I don't like. The phone is SUPER slippery. The back is smooth and silky with nothing to keep it from easily slipping out of your hands, or off your lap. Forget placing your phone on a hard surface and scrolling, it slides all around. Obviously, a rubber, durable cover solves this problem but I just haven't got one yet. The charging port is very small, and the cord look and feels cheap. I wish there was a motorola logo on the front of the phone vs the back but that's just my nit picking. I wish the phone screen lit up when you get a message or email instead of just getting the notification light.I switched from sprint to straight talk with this phone and I highly recommend, especially if you want something other than a galaxy.

Thiss is amazing.. I really luv dis fone.. The oly thing is battery just 2100 mah.. If it is more den this s the best fone...

good morning! the phone is not in good condition, looks used. I am not satisfied with the cell phone received.

Best unlocked phone under 300 dollars. It lacks LTE, well I live in Dominican Republic and we still don't have it on phones but on USB Portable Modems only. HSDPA+ gives me 10mbps here and that's more than enough to me. Its design is great, the thickness you don't feel because of the round back. It has &#34;only&#34; 1.2GHz quad core processor, and I use &#34;&#34; because the iPhone 5S has 1.3GHz and moves like a bullet.. The reason? iOS being less demanding, and so does Stock Android. I know it has motorola features on it so it's technically not PURE Stock Android but it's so close it's hard to tell the difference (camera features, Moto Assist app &#60;which is great&#62;, Motorola Migrate &#60;which I didn't need&#62;, and a thin line above the dock apps that was removed on stock android's 4.4 Kit Kat and was left there on 4.4 Kit Kat Moto G.. That's it, 4 differences on my count so far)It has Kit Kat 4.4 as I mentioned and it's surprisingly fluid, and I'm an advanced (heavy) user. I've not rooted, I won't do so either, I won't saturate the 1GB of RAM it has because it will start to lag. I have installed over 43 apps (just counted those on home screen which are the vast majority), and some widgets running on lockscreen.I moved from iPhone 5 with iOS 6 and I'll go back to iPhone 6 with iOS 8 when it's released because I jailbreak and have a Mac, I feel better in that ecosystem, but if I were to choose a phone to recommend to ANYONE, it's Moto G and Nexus 5 (if you have the extra 150 dollars).PS: +50gb of Google Drive space for 2 years, that's awesome =) Total size you get free is 65gb because the 50gb are EXTRA.

It would be 5 star, but I had the issue where I couldn't power on the phone because of the battery error common on this device. After I solved this via YouTube, it worked perfectly.

This phone is simply awe, you pay very little for what you get. It's a fast phone,  works well and is updated to the latest version of android KitKat.The only problem I had was that the phone i buy come with a small failure in the sim card slot, Amazon refunded me 20% of the money enough for the expenses of repair. I feel really grateful to Amazon because the problem was not even their fault, i think that the damage occurred during shipping, but thanks to them I could fix.Sorry bor my bad english, and amazon is great.

Good phone. Does everything you would want it to. It's pretty fast for a cheap phone, and runs smoothly.Doesn't have quite everything ship with it that you might expect app wise. No alarm clock etc.The only thing keeping it from a five star rating would be the lack of a micro SD or some sort of extension to the memory. That and the camera is alright, but not great.Overall a very good off contract phone, would recommend to anyone looking for their first smartphone, all the way up to those wanting to get away from Apple junk.

I never buy phones online, but I took a chance on this. I'll be honest... this is a great phone. 5/5.

Excellent phone, stock android operative system (lastest updates) and the best budget phone

i ordered a new mobile and it was looking like an used one and the seal in the package was not pasted in the right place. I am not feeling as good one. the mobile is good and doesnt seems to be any problem.

The quality is great, it has an impresive camera and long lasting batteries. It is a perfect cell phone. Very recommendable for any user.

I have no complaints about this phone whatsoever, works great, easy to use, light weight, and it's FAST! The quad-core Snapdragon is very quick so there's never a delay in swiping screens or opening apps. I've had no issues at all with T-Mobile data plan and would not hesitate to buy another (in fact I might be doing that for a family member).[Edit 6/23/14] I've dropped this from 5 to 1 star (only 4 days after writing the original short review). Okay, well the above was true until two days ago when the phone just died. It had given me a few strange warnings in the days prior, with random app crashes and a strange battery drain problem one night when I had it plugged in to a wall charger. It died in the car while on a trip, almost ruining my plans because the address of our destination was on the phone and using GPS navigation to get there. I was really ticked at the bad timing because, we were two groups of kids in two cars, and now had no way of reaching each other. (Nowadays there are no pay phones anywhere).I spent a few hours after getting back home screwing with the phone but it's hosed. The reboot menu doesn't help. It won't even power on most of the time, just gets stuck in a blank screen with the LCD on. I don't know if this was due to a bad software auto-update or a hardware failure but it shouldn't happen. Good thing I kept my old Samsung flip phone. Now I don't trust Motorola products. We'll see how it goes after warranty replacement.[edit 7/15/14] I am now in the process of trying to send back the BROKEN REPLACEMENT that Motorola sent me! Yes, that's right, I shipped the dead phone back to them, they sent a replacement, supposedly a "new" Moto G, but it is unusable--because it has no IMEI #! I did a factory reset as per phone support, to no avail. The phone doesn't work.Next, I spent a half hour on the phone with level-1 support, trying to convince them that the replacement phone is faulty with the IMEI # showing &lt;unknown>, so while it works via WiFi as a mini tablet, it has no phone functionality. This seems to be beyond the experience level of anyone at Motorola Mobile to sort out since I'm still without a phone, now 3 weeks later. I will have to call them back again, try to get them to understand, when you send a broken replacement under warranty, then you have to replace the broken replacement too! That seems to be hard to understand--they have no system in place to process more than one failure.Be warned, customers--if you have a warranty issue, Motorola Mobile will replace your phone exactly once, and even if it fails again within that 12-month period, good luck getting a second one. You will have many a hoop to jump through.[edit 7/18/14] The next phone call to Moto left me puzzled; the rep said I just need to take the phone to a T-Mobile store to have them swap the IMEI # from the old to the new phone. I said, "HUH? IT doesn't work like that?" And she was insistent. So I did today. And the T-Mobile person also scratched her head in confusion of that whopper of stupidity. The IMEI is like the MAC address on a cell phone, you don't just swap them--SIMMs, yes; IMEI, no!!So I called Moto back, explained for the 5th time what's wrong, for 30 minutes, and finally got forwarded to someone called a "white glove" specialist, who proceeded to take me back to the beginning. I felt like I was in a police interrogation room, asked to tell my story 15 times. I told her, "Look, I've gone over this so many times now--your replacement phone is faulty, I would like another one."Finally, some progress, they've sent me pre-paid shipping, I'll return the phone, and another new one will be shipped--and another 10+ days waiting until they get the return and ship out the new one.

I was an idiot.  I dropped my lg google nexus four and broke both the screen and the touch sensor.  Cost to fix? $220.  I can't be without a smart phone but I'm on a tight budget.  Asking around, I learned that this phone had just been released and I was able to get it shipped from amazon in two days along with a case for $230.  Most of my stuff was in the cloud, there are only a few pictures and mp3s missing.  I was up and running in no time.Motorola has left the stock android more or less in tact.  I was able to start talkback at the registration screen without sighted assistance and set up the entire phone eyes-free.  I don't use much of the bundle software and need to find a way to remove it.  For some reason, motorola is using all of the stock apps except for an email app which I haven't touched, and a calendar app which is almost, but not exactly like unto google calendar.  in the moto calendar nockoff, the appointment views are inaccessible to googles accessibility features.  I installed google calendar and all is well except for having redundant apps on my phone storage.I'm getting about 18 hours out of the battery.  My usage amounts to a tonne of phone and skype audio calls, constant tethering of several other devices using portable wifi hotspot, checking email about an hour a day using mail droid, and experimenting with apps for various tasks.  Right now I'm beginning to explore the idea of smart phone as a laptop replacement.  That's some pretty heavy use.As a blind user, I'm running talkback and acapella speech and using the entire phone eyes free with the screen brightness at 10 per sent.  The keyboard is just a bit slow, but that's the only performance break I've found so far and it was the same on my old nexus four.The camera isn't as good as the one on my old nexus but it's still plenty good enough for OCR and object recognition.  The one feature that is really missing which was the same on my nexus four, is micro SD support.  I have a few other accessories such as a tablet and an mp3 player that I want to exchange large files with using SD.  I think that even once I start adding accessories like a keyboard and micro usb SD reader this will still be a superb bargain of a phone.  I've already recommended it to one person

Phone was purchased as a gift ...Phone was above what  I expected.....works well..... love the sleek look... love the resolution.

The battery lasted longer than the Nexus. When I had my Nexus, I got three to four hours of heavy use. In comparison, I get six or seven hours of heavy use with Moto G. I understand that the battery is non user-replaceable. However, I read that the cost of replacing the battery from the OEM was relatively low.The call quality's good, but user ease could be improved. When I was fiddling with my address book, I accidentally ended up calling that person. Placing the voice buttons next to the lock button caused me to lock the device when I just wanted to increase the volume.I didn't see a difference between Moto G's screen and my iPad screen. To be fair, I don't have super great eyesight. There's nothing wrong with the color gradient. For some people, the color spectrum might be considered too dark.The device aesthetic's bland. That's what cases and removable backs are for. I thought the plastic back was more practical than Nexus's glass back. I don't fear the device shattering if it ever fell. I wouldn't consider build quality to be especially good. I could see the parts loosening after a year. However, the device is cut cleanly. I didn't feel like the plastic jutted out. I felt that aesthetically I was getting what I paid for and more.I had occasions where the device wouldn't run websites. That amounted to five percent of the time. I had no problems running games like Angry Birds or Fruit Ninja. These games are hardly graphic-intensive, though. I streamed digital movies without the application crashing.The camera is nothing to write home about but it's perfectly serviceable - more so if you run it through filters. While Moto G's software isn't stock Android, i didn't feel like there was bloat. I thought Motorola''s own apps attempted to make the smartphone experience less intimidating to first time buyers.I got my phone around the same time the 4.4 update first occurred. I think Motorola was doing staggered updates because it took a day or two after articles talked about Moto G getting the update for my Moto G to get the update.Overall, I was happy with the device. It has a fantastic battery and ran smoothly for the most part. While the specs are far from top of the line, I see the device doing an adequate job for the next two to three years.

Very good price/benefits relation. This phone delivers high performance with a hardware only found on medium to high end mobile phones with small price.I recommend it.

I was looking for the moto x but they cost more than I wanted to spend.. I looked at the reviews on this phone and I must say that I love it. Doesn't get 4g but I haven't seen a difference

Please note that both versions DO NOT have Chinese by default. If you need Chinese as your system language, you need to flash a UK retail rom. Mind you by doing that, you will void your warranty.  Here is a step by step guide from xda:[...]FLASH IT AT YOUR OWN RISK! I DO NOT HOLD ANY RESPONSIBILITY IF YOU BRICK YOUR PHONE!PS: The UK rom also has other languages such as Russian.Update: If you update your android to 4.4, you will now be able to choose Chinese. You DO NOT have to flash it.

Incredibly solid performer in this price range, extremely difficult to beat. Using it Thailand with no problem! However, camera can be better. With some minor bugs in the OS.

Camera needs to be little improved, else everything is best in the given price.Must buy.I wish the price was inclusive of the headphone and flip cover.

I have BOOST MOBILE and GSM phones cannot be used on their networks. I had to buy the 8g version of this phone from boost instead. Please call your carrier and ask them if you can use a GSM phone before you buy this :)

I bought the old version of this phone in May and within days, the new one was announced. Thankfully, Amazon let me return the old one and get the new version. The new one comes in a white color option, SD card slot and 4g. I have the AT&T; bring your own device plan. I get H+, which I assume is HSPA and about 3mbps download speed. Its good enough for my limited data use.The other addition is an SD card slot. Some confusing articles implied that you cannot move apps to SD card. I tried, and I definitely can move apps to the SD card.The remaining features are similar to the old version.

This phone is fantastic. The price frankly can't be beat, and it's a really good performer, both in app performer and with it's beautiful high quality screen. As the resident consumer tech &#34;expert&#34; in the family, I keep recommending this phone over the Galaxy's, One's, X's, and even Nexus'es of the Android world. Not that this phone is better than those of course, but I would say that if your concious about your budget in these harsh times, just go for the Moto G. It delivers on all fronts! The days when buying cheap (- $ 200) phones meant being forced to endure older Android versions, slow performance speed, and terrible visuals, are long gone. If my Nexus 4 dies off sometime in the future, I'll purchase a Moto G, which hopefully will be a constant item on the future Motorola product lines. Just buy this!

the best Motorola smartphone, 100000% satisfied, recommended to everyone who are looking for to buy a smartphone. full quick and lightweght

The phone is very advanced, if you can pay little more, please buy the phone of 16 GB, so you can storage your music.

This is a nice middle class phone with the stock android.Good display quality, works smooth and fast.Great deal for its price.

I have a Nexus 4, which is faster than this phone. I got this for my mother and she loves it, she mostly uses it for weather, calls and texts from what I can gather. The screen is a little smaller than I would like but a good size for smaller hands, the build quality is what you would expect for $200 (plastic back, soft buttons) but looks like it should hold up fine. The software on this works well, the camera is custom (compared to stock Android) where you simply touch the screen and it takes a picture and works better than stock in my opinion. Google Now also works with this phone and is one of the best features of Android in my opinion. I am very demanding on my cell phones and if I had to get another tomorrow would get this over my Nexus 4 and probably the Nexus 5 as I do not feel the slightly better performance would be worth the additional cost.In conclusion, this is a good phone, build quality is acceptable, the performance is adequate, but the cost makes it great. I recommend this product.

Perfect phone for smartphone beginners. Does everything it is supposed to without glitches, smooth interaction. It has a surprisingly detailed display. I only wish it had expandable storage.

In few words is perfect. It do what is suppose to do and is cheaper. So is perfect.  Nothing else.

First smart phone. Held out as long as I could. Kids have the iPhone but I changed plans with AT&T & didn't want to pay the price for the iPhone & decided on this one because of the many positive reviews. The phone is great & I have had no complaints with it & will purchase another one for my wife. This one is a no brainer!  Best phone for the price IMHO!

I've ever had better phone than this. It is just excellent and the price too.! It works perfectly.! I recommend It to my friends all the time.

My nephew that works for T-Mobile recommended that I buy this phone. (And no, T-Mobile doesn't sell them...)He said that you aren't going to find a more feature packed phone at such a low price than this. He said that Google (Who owns Motorola) is more interested in getting these phones into more people's hands than they are in making money from the phones. Of course the more people carrying these phones that are browsing the internet are likely going to product ad revenue for Google, so they do have their motives. They make their money off the back-end. Much like Microsoft and the Xbox. Microsoft actually loses a bit of money on each Xbox because they're counting on making their money on the games.The end result is that you can get a great phone at near manufacturing costs.I got the 16GB US version, and while I do wish it had more than 1GB of RAM, everything in the user interface runs quickly, and and the animations are very smooth. The display, while not huge, looks very good. Everything is nice and crisp with vivid colors.I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Not happy with the dealer. I lost my mobile and ordered this mobile after seeing good reviews. Surprisingly, charger and earphone is missing in the box. As I need to travel, I didn't requested replacement. Motorola being one of the top manufacturer and surprised to see that there some items are missing. Hope there should be some quality check while packing and shipping the product.

the best phone for under $ 200 very fast and nice comfortable recommend for people who do not want to spend much money and want an excellent choice

its smaller than my last two phones, seems to do everything they did, nearly set itself up as soon as I logged into my google account, the rest was easily accomplished with motorola migrate.  never had a device this easy to set up and start using.  well made, appears to be durable.  crystal clear screen, very responsive, adequate camera.  i have absolutely nothing bad to say.

As soon as the cellphone turns on the software gets update :)The Motorola Migration app is excellent, very easy to use, and after a few minutes you have all the information that you had on your previous phone updated on the new one (music, messages, photos, contacs, etc.)

Bought this phone for my Mom with the lifetime customer service guarantee from me.  It's not the fastest, but it has good battery life, lots of features my Mom loves, and it's easy to use.  Using the &#34;Okay Google&#34; function gets her out of 90% of her problems.  She took it internationally and, because we have t-mobile, was able to stay in touch via text and data for free.  Her previous phone was a candy bar phone.

I bought this cellphone so I can get a good memory amount,good speed and a good battery for the cheapest price and it has all of it.

This is a very nice phone. The screen is easy to read and the phone performs flawlessly. My only negative is the lack for a memory card slot. I got the 16gb model so the lack of a memory card should not be a problem.

I really like this phone, the latest system upgrade, speed is very fast, it's have beautiful appearance.You deserve to have.

I'm really happy with my brand new Moto G, it works perfectly and was very cheap. I totally recommend it.

it had some issues with the GSM radio at launch, but they have recently patched them and THIS PHONE ROCKS!Probably the best unlocked phone for under $300.

I got this phone as a replacement for my Motorola Defy, I was thinking about getting another motorola from the start. Then Motorola anounced this one. I was surprised at first by the spcs you get by the price so i decided to go for this one.At first, when i Got it the box was really small, so it was a bit misleading due to the size of the actual phone, which is decently big, next i was surprised by the network speeds i got with it, Usually i got like 2 or 3mbps tops on my old phone, with this one i topped at 9mbps which is amazing.I Got the 16GB version due to the lack of an External SD Card, which is no biggie since i noticedd i didn't actually need it since i Use a lot of cloud sevices like Google Play Music and Spotify and the likes.Camera at the beginnig was a bit lacky, i got the Kitkat update and then i proceeded to root and install Android Tweaker 2 in order to get the Bravia Engine 3 running on my phone, i do believe that it boosted the image quality, which, after the update, wasn't that bad.It was bigger that i expected for some reason, but I definetly Like it.

It was a gift for my sister, and she loves her.Its so thin and strong.I recomend it to all teenegers,

Got this instead of a Note 2 and I'm happy with it. I'm not a gadget/techy person but I love this phone.

I give this phone 5 stars because of its strong points. Its minimalistic, efficient, and a beautiful piece of technology. The shape of it is simple and sleek. The screen is large and sensitive and has fantastic color. Its perfect for reading books in my opinion. Battery life is great compared to my last phone and lasts ALL DAY. The camera does well in low light conditions and is more than adequate for my photo-taking. Slow motion video and panoramic photos are also great features to have. The only complaints I have would be the lack of an SD card and that the microphone picks up a bit too much ambient noise when recording video. Still, I Love it

Pro:It has very good design and specs.Interchangeable back cover. In case you drop it and damage the backside you can easily replace it.Does not feel cheap in hand.Very Affordable!!Con:As someone already has noted it only has 4 language choices.Battery is not user replaceable. Even though the back cover comes off.Note:I don't think you can find a better phone now than Moto G right now.It is ans excellent value.

It's not state of the art hardware but pretty good for todays apps.  Plain vanilla Android version makes it more appealing to me than phones from other manufacturers.

Just got my 4G LTE Moto G today and it's great so far! A bit heavier than my old Samsung Galaxy S II,but feels very sturdy and well made. I was worried the camera quality was gonna be as bad as some reviewers made out to be but it's actually not bad at all for the average user. There's a slight delay when snapping pics, but not so much that it'd be a problem. The newest Android 4.4, KitKat is running so smoothly.A feature I got to test out sooner than expected is the water-repellent nano coating. You see, I ordered a case and screen protector for it. When dry applying the screen protector yielded horrible results with bubbles, I decided to wet apply it despite it not being specifically a wet apply screen protector. I took some rubbing alcohol and and put it on the adhesive side, and then placed it on the screen sopping wet. I chose rubbing alcohol cause of the fast dry rate. I wasn't worried cause I knew of the water repellent coating. EDIT: Today I spilled some soda on it, and it's still running well. VERY IMPRESSED WITH MOTOROLA.A word of warning though for T-mobile users who have a regular sized SIM card, this phone requires a micro-SIM card. I was pretty disappointed when I tried slipping it in, but I just took a trip to the nearest T-mobile store and they changed it to the micro-sim card free of charge(typically costs $10). Popped it in and it worked fine.

I received my Cell a month ago and after use during this time in Venezuela with Telef&oacute;nica Movilnet I can confidently say that it works perfectly , lift 3G in some areas very easily (when available understanding which mobile networks in Venezuela are quite poor and ineffective ) EDGE rest always remains that is not connected to a WiFi network which works extremely fast and without any kind of hesitation or momentary freeze as it used to happen with my old Sansung Galaxy .Automatically I update a few minutes on the Android KitKat version perfectly and operation in all applications is simply outstanding , so far has not been frozen for the first time and applications ( both own and downloaded and installed play store) is rise and meet their objectives efficiently and very fast way .Google for buying Motorola ( from there the advantage of the automatic update to Android KitKat ) provides 50 GB free for 2 years I could redeem Drive without a glitch and use it instantly and now storing information that can be viewed through any device with an Internet connection anywhere in the world.With respect to what I consider a great design for a mid-range phone and its weight is one of the things that I like in particular and makes you feel more rustic and rugged without taking anything of its elegance, its screen is super crisp touch and feel very, very well having a high sensitivity it deserves little effort and reduces the possibility of repetition to fulfill the commands that the user wants.The battery is one of the more interesting things as it lasts one day and part of another without being attached to a charger or PC and this is giving constant use with social networking , email, calls and messaging.The only observation to take into account would improve or replace 5mp camera for a superior , even if the conditions for taking photographs are the best in lighting and backlighting , these are fantastic.Definitely a good midrange Cell recommend them and my experience has been very successful since its price earnings ratio is simply rewarding._______Recib&iacute; mi equipo hace un mes y luego de utilizarlo durante este tiempo en Venezuela con la Telef&oacute;nica Movilnet puedo decir confiadamente que funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n, levanta 3G en algunas zonas con gran facilidad (cuando esta esta disponible entendiendo que las redes m&oacute;viles en Venezuela son bastantes pobres e ineficaces) de resto se mantiene EDGE siempre que no este conectado a una red WiFi con la cual funciona extremadamente r&aacute;pido y sin ningun tipo de titubeo o congelamiento moment&aacute;neo como sol&iacute;a pasar con mi antiguo Sansung Galaxy.Se actualizo autom&aacute;ticamente a los pocos minutos de encendido a la versi&oacute;n Android KitKat perfectamente y el funcionamiento en todas sus aplicaciones es simplemente excepcional, hasta ahora no se ha congelado por primera vez y las aplicaciones (tanto propias como descargadas e instaladas de play store) se levantan y cumplen con sus objetivos de manera eficiente y muy veloces.Motorola por haber adquirido Google (de alli la ventaja de la actualizaci&oacute;n autom&aacute;tica a Android KitKat) provee 50 GB gratis por 2 a&ntilde;os en Drive lo que pude canjear sin ning&uacute;n inconveniente y de manera instant&aacute;nea y actualmente lo utilizo almacenando informaci&oacute;n que puedo visualizar a trav&eacute;s de cualquier dispositivo con conexi&oacute;n a Internet en cualquier parte del mundo.Con respecto a su dise&ntilde;o lo considero espectacular para un tel&eacute;fono de gama media y su peso es una de las cosas que mas me gusta en lo particular ya que lo hace sentir mas rustico y resistente sin restarle nada a su elegancia, su pantalla es super n&iacute;tida y al tacto se siente muy pero muy bien teniendo una alta sensibilidad que amerita poco esfuerzo y reduce la posibilidad de repetici&oacute;n para cumplir con los comando que el usuario desee.La bater&iacute;a es una de las cosas mas interesantes ya que dura un d&iacute;a y parte del otro sin necesidad de estar pegado a un cargador o PC y esto es d&aacute;ndole un uso constante con redes sociales , correo electr&oacute;nico, llamadas y mensajer&iacute;a.La &uacute;nica observaci&oacute;n para tomar en cuenta seria mejorar o sustituir la c&aacute;mara de 5mp por una superior, aunque si las condiciones para tomar las fotograf&iacute;as son las id&oacute;neas en cuanto a iluminaci&oacute;n y retro iluminaci&oacute;n, estas son fant&aacute;sticas.Definitivamente es un buen Equipo de gama media que recomiendo ampliamente y mi experiencia ha sido muy satisfactoria ya que su relaci&oacute;n precio beneficio es sencillamente gratificante

Great phone for a great price, excelent screen resolution, super fast, totally works in Costa Rica, (no charger included, but it's only $5 more).

For the price of the phone it cant be beat !!! Replacing a phone that I only had a year and wasn't elgible for an upgrade so I found this phone !! $199.99 is way better than $549 that at&t wanted !!! Got the phone and all I had to do was pop my sims card in and I was ready to go !!  Excelent phone in my opinion !!!

I've scoured throughout the web and found probably the best phone on the market under $200. I was somewhat skeptical until I've dug deeper and found tech articles including YouTube vids that highlighted the pros and cons of the phone which of course the positives outweighed the negatives.The screen is much wider than many of the latest Iphone(s) on the market with crisp resolution and beautiful colors that grabs anyone's attention. It's very responsive and fully functional when you update your OS which is completely free. Some of the standard features like the camera is pedestrian at best but considering the amount you're investing in the phone it's something that I or anyone else can overlook.Another cool feature that I like is the Google voice recognition system that enable users to experience siri like capabilities. There were many times I've said "Ok Google" and it was pretty accurate in my perspective. I know some of the articles & videos scoffs at this level of responsiveness but I think it worked out the kinks!The downloadable content is pretty awesome which games are seamless and control friendly with great visual effects! Moving into the boring category, calls were pretty crisp, entering & exiting out of apps were super fast, and internet experience was just as great (although there's much faster online access out there like the LG G2).Overall, great phone for the buck! You will not be disappointed if you're looking for a phone that has strong impressionable features at this price point which I emphasize. If you're looking for a robust top-of-the-line smart phone this not your choice but this will satisfy many of the basic needs for a mobile phone and more.For phones under the $200 range, I will have to rank this as the best phone in the market. Over $200, it will fall b/n 10 - 15 rank but it's unfair for this comparison given the amount of features at the price point. You wouldn't necessarily believe that you'll have a $700 quality phone under $200 which is almost impossible to achieve in this competitive smart phone market.

I've been using and developing for WP7 since they launched about 3 years ago, then about a year ago I couldn't help but pick up a Nexus 7 (2012) - which was extremely useful.After getting fed-up with the lack of flexibility of WP7.8, I knew it was time to move on.  I had been using my Lumia 900 with StraighTalk with moderate success and knew I needed an unlocked phone.  For the price, you cannot find a better deal and granted I haven't use the &#34;high-end&#34; Android devices, so maybe I just don't know what I'm missing.  But the speed and battery life of this phone has really blown me away - without using Bluetooth and power saving GPS mode, I can get two full days of use!  Talking, texting and streaming Spotify all day long.  FANTASTIC.  Plus the integration with Chrome, my Nexus 7 and all my computers is a very welcome change from the IE on WP7.8 which talks to nothing but itself.If you are looking for an entry level phone that you can switch carriers with and has reasonable specs - look no further.

I needed a new smartphone, but I wanted to buy it outright and stay affordable.  It kinda works.  Looking to get two years out of it.

I got my Moto G 16 GB from Motorola direct and i would say its a nice phone, but a week after i got it the camera wont turn on and i had to restore the factory settings to have it work. Then two days later the screen went dead, I could see the back light but nothing to display. At this point i had to send it back to Motorola to have it checked and fixed. I don't know if there is anyone out there with similar problem?

My expectations were very less with this product when i bought because of it s price.But a couple of things, on call one can hear their own voice echoing and there are signal drops once in a while.Apart from that and amazing phone does everything else better than what i expected

wonderful phonegood quality screenexcellent selleronly drawback memorygoogle drive helps keep files sortedgoogle drive helps keep phone memory empty

Good Phone I did not like that it does not come with a memory expantion slot but apart from that it is a good phone

So pleased with this phone. Its a very good and  heap phone. The only problem I sometimes have is that the camera wont open sometimes and says error. But other than that this is a fantastic phone for me.

I bought this as a gift for my father. It is overall a great phone, very low price, nice camera, good looking phone and rich features. Only problem is that it can turn off and than won't turn on again. It has happened once to him. When I googled the problem, I noticed it has happened to others too. Motorola should fix this problem ASAP.

Great phone for a great price. It has an excellent speaker, and a wonderful display. Best smartphone I have ever owned.

People should treat themselves better if they are a heavy smart phone user for a high quality phone especially the display. Moto G is satisfying this without breaking the bank. At this price point, look no further go get it.Pros:Looks slickGreat colorFast responseGood call quality and data speed with T-mobile (it says 3G, but feels like a 4G)kitkat is a must-have; leaning to IOSGoogle now is powerfulCons:Not as bright as Samsung Galaxy S4; of course not for this price pointCamera is subpar as for today's standard

Can't complain about anything with this device so far. It has handled anything I throw at it and the battery life is pretty good for an android. The sound quality is great!

The excellent performance and powerfull apps form motorola, my device comes with a android 4.3 and when I connect on internet immediately updates via wifi, have a very fast interface, the cameera it's very fine and the back cover it's very strong, 100% recommended, buy from amazon it's most secure from another online store.

awesome phone with reasonable price. I bought this phone for my wife she does not like big phone but this phone is perfect for her

Great phone. At least as good as the nexus 4. Perfect size and screen size. Great screen quality. A little heavy. .

I bought Moto G just few days ago from Amazon and it arrived well in time.Amazing phone for$179 very fast,stylish,sound is very good ,you get automatic upgrade to KitKat,4.5 inch screen just looks amaziong and fits your palm and pocket.

Phone has solid speed and is very responsive.  It is a little heavy, specifically top heavy.  Interface is nicer than the s3 mini but the s3 fits a little better in your hand.  Camera is great and beats the s3 hands down.  Overall a great phone for the price with no regrets.

It seems to do everything the more expensive android phones do for under $200. Display is very crisp. I would buy again.

Good

Works in USA, works in Russia, really unlocked. Camera is not that great, but the phone is great value for the price

I'd say this phone is about comparable to my Galaxy S3 without the Samsung bloatware, with much better battery life, and at a fraction of the price. Another way of putting it: this is a midrange phone today, a flagship phone from 2012, at the price you couldn't expect to get anything but garbage for in the smartphone world.This phone and its successors should free a lot of people from signing exploitative and abusive contracts with carriers like Verizon and Sprint because for $200 you can buy your phone upfront and not be stuck paying artificially high rates for the next two years. I doubt I'll ever pay more than a couple hundred dollars for a phone again.

Only I can say.. It is the best phone I ever had. Now I'm really waiting for the LTE version.

I had Nexus 4 and broke the glass and replaced the screen but recently, it had ghost touches and not usable any more so I was looking for a new reliable cheap phone.And Moto G looked like one and it is!I ordered this phone from NZ and using it without any problems here.Only one thing that I don't like about this phone is that it is a bit heavy compared to Nexus 4 but kind of got used to it now.Everyone says the photo quality is not very good but it was better than I expected.Overall it's a pretty good phone not only because of the price. It's a well made phone.

Great phone, beatiful screen, android 4.4, all for $179, no other phone in this price range can beat that .

Great phone for the money.  Still learning how to use it.  Can't beat 50 dollars a month unlimited with Net 10.  You do not have to spend a fortune to have a great phone.

The phone is great. The only complaints I have about it is that it only comes with an USB charger and 8GB are not enough for al the crap I have on my previous phone. Other than that I highly recommend you buying this phone. It's awesome, great job Moto!

Phone is great, but for them not to spend 1 dollar on a wall chager for a 200 Dollars phone?? First thing you need to do when you unwrap it, is to go out and buy a five dollar wall charger from radio Shack...not cool.

Love the phone very quick, plenty of storage space, clear sharp display.Decent camera, some pictures are incredible and some not so much depending on the lighting and all.Only gripe is the sizeI am a man with normal sized hands and the phone is pretty big, just makes it a little tough to use the phone with one hand typing with your thumb. Not too bad at all though.Highly recomend the phone, I use it on Straight Talk. I bought a At&t; micro SIM from straight talk and it works just fine!I bought this case for it and it is awesome, great protection, slides easily in and out of my pocket, and looks sleek it does't add bulk to the phone compared to other cases.

Its one of the very good mobiles aviable unlocked for the price. The bad part is it doesnot have the  wall charger and headset.

i don't even know how to explain how much i love this phone already, super slim yet still not too light so it doesn't feel cheap. it's so beautiful i just love this ph.

I haven't used it.It was a gift I gave to someone and I don't think I should ask anything about it.

Not the best camera and I usually have an aversion to phones that do not have removeable batteries, but due to the price & all the good things I kept reading about it, I couldn't pass this up and I'm glad I didn't. It's a good phone. Gotta say though that I was not impressed by the Motorola customer service. When I was exploring new phones, it took 2 weeks for them to get back to me to answer one question despite their site stating I would have an answer within 48 hours. A few days after they finally got back to me with a non-answer, I was sent a survey that asked, "How are we doing?". Not so good. After deciding to purchase it anyway, I was then repeatedly not able to purchase it through their website as they wouldn't take my credit card, though everyone else does. I almost went with another phone, but finally went with the Moto G and purchased it from Amazon with the same credit card that Motorola wouldn't accept. They still got my money, but they will never hear a good word come out of my mouth about their company or their website, though I will support this product. I hear the Moto X is even better, but it costs more than double the G and the G suits my needs just fine.

Good cellphone but I don't like when it shake because it produce a very loud noise and I can not use micro SD ....

It's an excellent phone i like it, very fast and beautiful...i recommend it, very good service and delivery.the phone works very fine in Venezuela with digitel

I paid $280 for my no contract Moto X from Republic Wireless. I have been with Republic Wireless for a month now and love them!! I pay $25 a month for unlimited talk, text, and 3G data. You can get unlimited everything including 4G data for $40 a month or you can switch to the $10 a month plan and you get unlimited talk and text anywhere but only can use data on WiFi but you can switch you plan 2 times a month from your phone and the rates are prorated so you only get charged for the days you use that plan!! The Moto X is an awesome phone!! I actually like it better than my iPhone 5 because the phone itself has features that the iPhone does not have (twist your wrist and the camera starts and its a better camera than the iPhone, it knows when you are driving and reads you texts, and active notifications are very nice too). I highly recommend this service and phone and if anyone wants to use the service after doing some research use this link and get an additional $19 off:[...]

Let me start off by saying I have owned a lot of cell phones. Nexus 4, 5, Samsung s3, s4, Moto X etc..... I was curious about the moto g because of the price and to see if it holds up.I have to say I am very impressed. It was weird holding this phone (at first) since I am used to bigger phones. I feel this is the perfect size for a phone. Not too small, not too big. Love how it fits in my pocket. As far as my needs/ wants from a phone, it does everything just fine. Sure it doesn't have the fastest processor but its good enough. The  battery is excellent, you will get a day out of it. The 3g speeds are good enough for me. The only real complaint is the camera, its awful, I ended up dowlnoading the Google camera which is descent but better than the moto g.Pros:4.5 inch screen/ 720pAndroid 4..4.2 with future updates!Cost only 199 off contractwater resistantLong lasting Battery16 g of internal storageCons:5mp CameraNo lteOverall I am satisfied with this phone,I think Motorola made one of the best budget phones I will be keeping it for at least one year or until it breaks.

Very Good Phone. Bang for the buck!

Research says that Moto G Bill of Materials is 150 bucks and Iphone is 180 bucks. Hence Moto G at 180 is a bargain compared to iphone in terms of value for the money. I guess Motorola is barely breaking even to get more market share. This phone works well on AT&T Network in US and also on GSM bands (used on AIrtel) in India.

is a powerful phone, pure android experience, vibrant color in the screen, excelent size, worth ervery penny spent on it...

First of all, I do not understand why so many people buy high-end smartphones, when their day-to-day tasks hardly requires the processing power. Comparably, it is like buying high-end gaming computers for word processing and web browsing. Also keep in mind that performance directly correlates with battery usage, which means over-paying for specs will cost you in battery duration, too.To me, overpaying for processing and specs is silly, esp. given how fast technology changes and products become obsolete.The Motorola Moto G is a great fix and solution for average people who wants some games, e-mails, messaging, and phone calls.I do business on the phone, and by far Motorola has the best *phones* for conversations. I seriously considered Moto G, Moto X, and Nexus 5, after ruling out Galaxy after some serious consideration. The cost of specs was the primary consideration. Nexus 5 loses out on the speaker quality, and Moto X's screen sucks for battery power than Moto G's. Moto G also happens to be 50% the price. If you want a great on-phone camera in the budget/mid price range, Nexus 5 with its image-stabilized camera could be better solution for you.I wanted a smartphone phone that is inexpensive to replace and has great speakers and mic for conversations. So far Moto G is doing just fine.

Great product for a nice price!

I&#8217;ve purchased a phone for ~$200 every year around this time for the past 3 years (Coincidence &#8211; I had one stolen, one broken, and The Exhibit just got way too slow). Last year was the T-Mobile LG L9, the year before the Samsung Exhibit II, and before that the Samsung Intercept for Virgin Mobile. The Moto G has been more of a jump than upgrading to any of the previous phones:-3D games that would lock up my L9 are now a breeze-The (HD!) display does not look washed out-The pictures taken with the camera look better-The speediness of the processor in everyday usage makes it feel like a $400 cell phone-Battery life is insane for an Android phone &#8211; it&#8217;s the first phone I&#8217;ve had since a flip phone that I can go two full days without a charge, and I&#8217;m a fairly heavy user.While I luckily haven&#8217;t had a chance to try it out, there are several YouTube videos of the phone surviving a full 15 second dunk in water. Motorola claims that it is splash proof and it appears to be a little more than that. It&#8217;s a good sign and is one less thing to worry about with the phone.There are some negatives about it, such as lack of LTE and a lower chin/bezel that&#8217;s a little longer than I would like, but you honestly cannot find a new phone this well put together and with a spec sheet as long as the one the Moto G has for anywhere near its $200 unlocked price tag.

This is a great phone!!!!! Before I bought this phone I read most of the reviews from people who bought it, they were right, it is not only cheap, it is tan amazing device!!! If you want (like me) A good and affordable smartphone, buy a Moto G!!!

this is a really nice phone I didn't expect it would be so so much good. it  is very smooth and quick. I've not seen any problems with productivity for two weeks of usage.

I am so glad to be able to upgrade without using At&t's new contract system. My last phones battery was dying so quick it was becoming nonviable. I am confident in this phones ability to go all day without a hitch.  I come out of the box with Android 4.3 but you can update to 4.4.2 with the software update.

Well I received this one and find it was made in my hometown-China.(ok it is not strange and the iphone is also made in China)The screen is rather good, very smooth, although it is only 720P. I can say it is the same with some 1080P screen, or better.Compare to Moto X, the android system is also very fluent not like a beginner or a low end cellphone.I heard that the Chinese enterprise Lenovo will acquire MOTOROLA from Google, and we will soon get this phone on our mainland.

It's the ultimate mom's phone. Large screen, reasonable camera, good battery life and feels snappy.It's one of the cheapest yet powerful and well built Android phones out there.

I just bought it two weeks ago but it seems to be a really good phone for the price.  I never could bring myself to pay hundreds of dollars for a phone.  My co-worker bought a phone at the same time for $650.  I mean, really???  My Moto G is every bit as good as what he has.

The Moto G, is excellent! The quality and price is very good, all the features that this phone has a high-end look, it is very comfortable, not too big a Samsung Galaxy S3. I am very happy with this purchase I did not regret buying this phone.

I love the phone, its small and light with nice features. Speedy but it looses my sim card every now and hten and it needs to re-insert sim card. this is annoying.

I couldn't be more pleased with the moto g! I appreciate that it is not a 'flagship' phone--which, of course, is reflected in the price. If you must have the most powerful phone, then of course you have to pay for it. I was attracted to the idea of a 'pure Android' phone with updates as soon as they come available, and I was considering the Nexus 5. But I decided in the end that, for my use, it was really more phone than I needed. After researching the moto g, I decided it was just what I was looking for--and 3 weeks of use tells me I made the right choice!A little context--since one's user-experience of a phone is a relative thing. I was replacing a very antiquated phone, my first smartphone in fact--an LG Optimus V, circa 2011! (Clearly, I'm not a must-have-the-latest-gadget user.) The moto g is light-years ahead of what I'm used to, so it doesn't matter to me that I could spend 3 times as much and have an even faster processor, even sharper screen, or whatever. I'm amazed and thrilled that I can get this great phone for 200 bucks! The size is perfect (I find the Nexus 5 a little large), the screen is brilliant, the speed and smoothness of operation are great--even the camera, which I know is far from the best available, is a big improvement over my old phone. LTE is very limited in my area, so not having it is no real loss for me; and the greater power of the phone, over what I'm used to, makes 3G feel so much faster! And anyway, most of my day-to-day use is within reach of wifi.If you're looking for a new phone, you probably know what kind of user you are, how much of a premium you place on having the highest possible specs, or whatever. The moto g perfectly fills just the niche I was looking for!Btw, if you decide on the moto g and are looking for a minimalist sort of case, the Ringke Slim is really nice!

I bought this phone and WOW it's like everything is perfect. First, the phone was delivered like 3 days before the estimated date range which it was awesome. I can't believe this phone is 199 Dollars. Motorola did a great job with this one! You can't get something better even with 100 dollars more. I'm actually playing GTA San Andreas in this phone and every game runs smooth. The sound.. the sound is very LOUD and clear! It's the best speaker sound i've heard in an Android phone. I like the screen and it's so comfortable in your hands cause it's like a lil curved. It comes with Jelly Bean and as soon as connected to WIFI it updated to Kit Kat. 2 Days later i got an update from Motorola to fix little problems. You don't have to wait like Samsung Android Smartphones to get a newer Android version when they want to, this is direct from Google. It's fast! Quad Core, i would like it to have 2 GB of Ram instead of 1 GB but it haven't been an issue! I have played the most heavy games in this phone.A week later i lost it in a public transport. I was very upset of loosing this beauty but then i got it because the person who took it called me to deliver it back and she did. Now i have it back and i just wanted to say that is 100% Recommended. At least you have a lot of money and you don't care about paying a lot more for a S5 which is coming soon or something.I forgot about the battery. The best battery life i've had haha 24H with no problems

Using this phone with Consumer Cellular, works great, is fast and does everything as it should be. Battery life is phenomenal.

This was a replacement for one I had ruined. Or so I thought. Had soaked my original one in milk, cleaned it out but no go. So I ordered this second one. I really like this phone. For the price, it does more than what I need, is inexpensive and allows me to NOT sign a two year contract. I pay a third of what my apple loving friends pay and see no benefit to having their phones.The few apps I really need are much better for this phone and are free at that and in fact, those high priced phones and contracts are a definite drawback in my mind, I will explain in a minute.As for durability? Let's look at the one I soaked in a bag of milk. I had opened it up, washed it out, sprayed it with contact cleaner and dried it. No go,,, dead, so I bought the new one. Lo and behold, a week later, I kept hearing a chirping and wondering where the hell it was coming from. Traced the noise to the counter where the original phone had been tossed and sure enough, there it was, telling me the battery was low. I charged it, popped the sim back in and voila, it works. So to say I am impressed with this phone is an understatement.  Now of course all the techie snobs will tell you to buy the latest, greatest (and super expensive) phone and sign up for one of those outrageously priced two year super contracts. But if you want a dependable, inexpensive, no contract phone, I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this one.I mentioned above there is a big advantage to this phone and a month by month plan. Consider the original phone was only three weeks old when I thought I had ruined it. Financially, I was only out the $200 cost of the phone as there was no contract to fulfill. Now consider the superphone you get for "free" with it's  two year contract that goes with it. If you ruined that one after three weeks you would have had to shell out another $500-800 to purchase another phone or be left paying the remaining 21 months left on the contract with no phone to use. Or you could  pay the exorbitant early termination fee. Maybe you paid extra for a "warranty" against such accidents as I had? That's probably costing you as much as the Motorolla G over the life of your contract. No matter what choices you made, or how you do the math, you would pay far, far more for a "free" phone and contract over this phone and a month to month account. Your choice. Join the mass of sheep and pay through the nose or follow the path less travelled. Techie snobs need not apply (or reply)As a followup, I just switched carriers after four months, no early termination fees, and saved another $15/month, unlimited text, data, calling. Again no contract.

Has no lag.Has an excelente battery life.It does seems to have some limitations regarding the customization, but I think they're related to the OS version.Also it's heavy on the data plan usage -again, related to the OS-, so be aware of deactivating many of the background process' data usage.The camera is not the best, but I do believe its worth the money.Currently working on Movistar Venezuela, without problem.

This phone is marvelous! Potent beauty! only one detail no charger! But anyone charger work! Really excelent design and fluid sofware

Having had the two different Samsung Galaxy S2 phones. Currently owning a Nexus 4, Nexus 5 and Moto X I can say that the Moto G is a mighty fine phone.It doesn't have a hi end camera, it doesn't have NFC or wireless charging. But if you want those you can buy a much higher priced phone? Or pay another two hundred and get a Nexus 5. What the Moto G does give is a good solidly built phone with a good screen. I do wish it came in a 32 gig model, but 16 will do fine for now.Treat your self to one of the flip covers. Yah, they are a bit pricey buy they protect your investments screen and when you close the cover it shuts the phones screen off. Open it and the screen comes back up.For 200.00 I hate using it for work. Not the price mind you but that it is such a nice phone.People who say this is a bad phone while comparing it to the SGS4 or Nexus 5 are missing the point of a comparative review. The Moto G should be compared to other 200.00 dollar phones of comparable specs and relative value.Honestly, I wrote Motorola off more than ten years ago because they had gained a reputation for building CRAP. Even then the last two Motorola's I owned were nightmare's. With Googles purchase of Motorola I decided to give the Moto X a try and was totally blown away by how well it performed in every way. How well built it was and that some one put some thought in to it, rather than just slapping a bunch of hardware in to a phone body and calling it a phone.Needing a new phone for work I decided to give the Moto G a try having been more than happy with the MX. Happily I am not disappointed one bit.Googles presence at Motorola has put Motorola back on the track of excellence. I would not hesitate to recommend this phone to anyone over other phones costing hundreds more. If you need wireless charging, NFC, and a boat of bells and whistles the Nexus 5 or Samsung Galaxy S 4 may be your better options. But if you just need a great phone at a unbelievably low price. Grab the G, You won't be sorry.And as always. When buying any phone or product, do your home work, write down your must haves, would likes and possible perks and look everything over.I can say having two Nexus phones and being very happy with them and these two Moto jewels the X and G, I will be staying very close to products that Google produces.

I'm giving the Moto G 5 stars because I'm comparing it to other $199, off contract smart phones.  Not a Nexus, not the Moto X, not the Samsung mini.  Any review that can't grasp that this is an intro level phone and it will not have the performance of an Android device of a higher price point is a complete waste.If you are coming from a feature phone, have kids who need a phone and you don't freak out when they destroy it, or your simply want an off contract back up, there isn't a single phone for the money that will come close to the Moto G.My only suggestion: There is no reason not to drop the $20 extra from the 16 gb model.

My phone arrived and the only thing included with the actual phone was a USB cable and a small fast start leaflet. No wall charger. No real manual. Nothing else. Not even an 800 number in the leaflet to call for problems. I guess I should be thankful they included the  USB cable.

Its a great Smartphone, very fast, but i cannot change language to SPANISH. Only English, French and Chinese. Too bad...

Great deal. Price/performance best phone out there so far. It's even water resistance. Totally recomend. 5/5 indeed. Get it now

This phone is just great, the LTE model has memory card expansion and also 4G and the price is just great... activated with AT&T SIM pre-paid card (GOphone) and got LTE with no problem.

Good display, battery life (to none), the ccamara is just good, but not perfect, but its price is enough. It was bought for my uncle and I like it, thank me buying the phone.

The device is great. I cannot be more happy. But be aware that it only comes with a USB charger with no wall adapter.

I read and watched a lot of reviews of this little device and they encouraged me to buy it. When I received the Moto G I instantly got kitkat upgrade. I rooted and freezed some apps and processes and is smoother than butter, no lags or stutters whatsoever. It's even smoother than my previous galaxy s4 (broke it's display and couldn't afford another one)Awesome 5 MPX camera with HDR mode plus a front facing camera for video calls.Stylish design, not the usual boring brick. plus you can change the back color.the Snapdragon 400 processor and Adreno 305 graphics chip run every game I throw at them. Asphalt 8, Minion Rush, GT Racing 2, FIFA 14, all of them run super smooth and with great graphics. They can also handle 10 bit encoded 720p videos with stylished fonts with MX Player.2 years of free 65 GB cloud storage.Gorgeous 720p HD screen protected by Gorilla Glass 3, you cant see pixels, has almost perfect RGB gammit, meaning it has very accurate color reproduction. it has a great touch sensitivity too. Oh and the display technology is not TFT as Amazon states, it's IPS which is even better!The battery is phenomenal. I've got up to 6 hours of screen time! You can easily get one or two days of battery before running out of juice if you don't have your phone stuck to your face all day like me.The speakers (both back and call speakers)are extremely loud and have very clear sound.It has USB OTG. I can connect my Moto G to my Pendrive and micro sd card with a USB OTG adapter, I can even use a keyboard and mouse!The nano coating on its internal chips repel water if your Moto G happens to get wet. Rain, your drink spilled on it, dropped it in the toilet? no problem!DISCLAIMER: It's not waterproof, just plash resistant so don't do anything stupid like sinking it in your bathtub or recording video in a pool. If you want a water resistant phone, go and buy a Xperia Z1.It has everything I want on a smartphone for under 200 bucks!  It's a phone without compromises whatsoever. If you're thinking of buying it, don't. just BUY IT ALREADYSince this device don't support micro SD slot don't bother buying the 8 GB model, it only has 5 GB free for you to use. Spend the extra 20 bucks and get the 16 GB model which has 13 GB of usable storage.

This phone is really great. It has amazing battery power for its price. Good gaming experience, no lag on some games. Really good with the 1.2 QUAD core processor (Snapdragon 400). It also has 4.3 Jellybean which you can update to 4.4.2 KitKat sometime in January!

OH MY GODWhere is the charger?I just want to know this.I'm very sad now because of that!!

There just isn't any other phone in this price range that is this nice.  Long battery life, high-quality accessories, and timely updates.

Amazing phone, love it so much i had a Samsung Galaxy S previously and it broke on me so I bought this, it is a premium phone at really really cheap price also i should mention I had Galaxy s2 for few month but I like this way better then the S2!!

The best Android phone I ever have.. The only thing is the camera, its not good, but is a beatiful phone.

I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 and the only thing I hated about it was the battery life.  Tried as my upgrade a Note 3, and the battery life was fantastic.  However, not wanting a new contract, I took it back because I couldn't see paying $700 for a phone.  With announcement of the Moto G LTE, wanted to see what a mid level phone at a reasonable price ($200+), would do.Well the answer is, it is doing quite good!  Not a fan a screen smaller than my S3, but beyond that, it performs quite well.  I mirrored all the apps on the Moto that the S3 has.  I put a 32 gig microsd card in it too, to match the S3.  Apps downloaded, installed and launched at very similar speed between phones.  Web surfing, was better with the S3's bigger screen, but the response time was the same.  Call quality is better on the Moto G LTE (T-mobile), versus the S3 (Sprint).  The build quality was no different either.  But the main thing is the battery life.  From the initial charge I went almost two days without a recharge, during a mix use of websurfing, downloading news stories and apps, texting and talking.  I noticed in particular that the wi-fi drain is much less than the S3.  The S3, S4 and S5 have better screens.  But by now, the idea of watching movies on a telephone, have gotten old so even that doesn't matter much.  For the price of just over $200, not to be on a contract and get good battery life.  Yes, this is a good phone for a reasonable price.

Good speed, worth for money.Problems with camera, messaage shows up like camera error. It works when we restart the phone. I guess Motorola needs to work on it.

the only disadvantage is the camera, but no big deal.gps in israel works like a machine,connects almost imediatly.outstanding motorola device.

This is my first smartphone so i have little to compare to, but so far i have yet to come across anything that i wanted to do and couldn't, so as far as i'm concerned this is a 5 star product. Also, as far as i saw, it runs just as well as any other high-end smartphone, and for under half the price.

I am very happy with my Moto G - Global GSM - Unlocked - 16GB. I am using it in Venezuela. Just put my Sim Card, it worked perfectly, immediately. This Moto G, is much better than I imagined. Excellent quality. Their appearance and finish, are wonderful. The performance is very good. It is very fast. Excellent size. The screen has excellent resolution. It is HD (720 x 1280 pixel), wonderful colors, very good color saturation and very good luster. It has very good sound. Microphone and speaker, very good. Very good volume. Very good battery 2070 mA. It came with Android OS 4.3 Jelly Bean, I immediately upgraded to Android 4.4.3 KitKat and works perfect. I made a great purchase.

It's not a miracle phone.  The camera is a medium-quality sensor with only 5 megapixels.  The processor is pretty good, but I hear some sound crackles now and then when playing X-Plane (high quality flight simulator which ran fine on a Nexus S) and some minor hesitation when scrolling on large websites.  Little stuff, but evidence of it being a mid-range phone in some ways.However, this should be a mass market success because of the stuff that is good:1. Plenty of memory to leave a browser with multiple tabs open, switch among email, Twitter app, and maybe check the Play market for some app you just read about, and then back to the browser instantly without it having been closed to save memory.  Smooth uninterrupted use of multiple common phone functions.2. A display which is as high-resolution as you can reasonably want it to be (given limits of human vision) for a phone which is as big as it can be and still be comfortable in any pocket and, though not as wide-angle viewable as high-end phones, mostly looks fine (better than my Nexus S for sure) and is bright enough for outdoor daylight use when necessary.3. A processor which works fine for most games, even if the most intensive 3d stuff has small signs of the hardware limitation.4. A battery which actually lasts all day with a fair reserve chunk left over.  This is a big one, because no amount of pixels and megahertz and RAM will impress your friends if your battery is dead.  Even a lot of high-priced phones have batteries which just barely make it to happy hour as they die.  Typical mid-range phones have usually had 1500mAh batteries or less.  This one is 2000mAh, so your can actually do the things described above all day, and when you get home you've still got about a third of the battery left or more compared to your previous phone.  Motorola seems to have made this phone fairly efficient as well.  A lot of the cheap phones from Chinese manufacturers (sometimes re-branded for your cell carrier) get shorter battery life than major brands with the same size battery.  So It's got a big battery and isn't wasteful with it.So it does everything most people want to do, does most of that fairly well, does it all day, and doesn't cost too much. I drop a star mainly because the camera could be just a tad better.  I don't think it quite reaches the same level of the rest of the hardware.

I bought the Moto-G Global 16GB directly from Moto website since it was out of stock at Amazon. Got it last Sat. To my surprise, there are only 4 languages you can choose for this ph "English, Espanol, France, Portuguese". I bought this ph for my friend to be used in Taiwan and China area. So it won't be a useful phone if it cannot support Chinese.Other than that, this is a great ph. The screen is sharp and clear. The FM radio sound quality is really+really good! Holding feeling is actually better than my Nexus 4.Just talked to Moto CS and confirmed Moto-G does not support other languages. It supports only the 4 languages listed above. They will accept my return&refund.; Too bad, it is a really nice ph....I would rate it 5 stars without a blink If it supports full languages set like my Nexus 4. Now I have to rate it 3 stars. Definitely not a true "Global" ph!UPDATE(12/17): I spent more time tried this phone. It turned out the phone can display Chinese on web and apps. It can receive ph text message in Chinese (and maybe other languages). The GMap is showing Taipei city street name in Chinese. I can add Chinese input app and write Chinese characters on the screen. So for a traveler to Asian counties, this ph is definitely usable. But if the user need to have a Chinese menu on his phone. Then this phone will not work. Or the user wants to use Chinese voice input for search, that won't work neither.For the above update, I raise this phone to 4 stars.UPDATE(12/18): Good news! OTG support works. Today I plugged a OTG device to its USB connector and the ES File Explorer app does recognize the USB drive (without root).UPDATE(12/25): Got KitKat update and all Google stock languages can be used. It is now a truly global ph. But a straight comparison to a Nexus 5: its Wifi is weaker and less responsive. Took couple tries to lock into a wifi router. The Nexus 5 got it on right away.

I received my motorola in record shipping time. Opened the box charged with usb and laptop (no prob). Went to Walmart and purchased the family tmobile sim ($25.00). Followed instructions works great. Interested to see how it will work when I'm traveling across states. My first android phone. I absolutely love it. Feels very durable, sleek design. Surfs web fast and clean.

I have a Nexus 4.  I bought this phone for my wife because she needed a new phone and I did not want to sign her to a two year contract.  The screen is sharper and clearer (slightly) than my Nexus 4.  Performance wise, they seem to be the same.  I have noticed no lagging screens.  My wife and I are not a power users that play tons of games with the phones.  We more or less use them as phones.  It did the update for KitKat right out of the box.  I read some reviews about a slight rattle with the haptic feedback when pressing buttons.  I would agree with that.  Compared to my Nexus 4 there was a slight rattle sound when texting with the haptic feedback (vibrating keys) turned on.  I have this turned off on all my phones, so I turned it off anyway.  It was very slight and would not have changed my opinion about the phone.  It is probably due to the fact the phone is entirely plastic.  It does not feel cheap and the seams are tighter and better than my old Galaxy S3.  The back is removable, but does not look it.If you are the kind of person that needs the most powerful, latest and greatest then this is not your phone.  It is missing some of the features of the high end phones.  Go with the Nexus 5.  If you need to make calls, text, email, web surf and play some games without any problems (all without signing a contract) then this is a good phone for you.  If my Nexus 4 broke today I'd probably get the Moto G over the Nexus 5 just because of the price factor.  I was impressed with the overall performance of the phone and the fact that it is up to date out of the box is nice.  I have friends with Samsung phones that are 1 to 2 software versions back.  Sucks to have a contract on a phone and get no updates.Also, if you're big into cases and accessories there are not many out right now.  I have not much to say about the camera.  Its just okay.  I don't use the camera much so I cannot comment on it.

This phone is a testament to how far society has come technologically in terms of cell phones. With a quad core qualcomm snap dragon processor and a gig of RAM the phone is smooth as silk moving in and out of browsers and apps. It is an extremely good-looking phone too. The design is sturdy and sleek. With a 4.5 inch display, it is an extremely usable one-handed phone and an extremely good transition phone for people moving from the Iphone world to the Android market. The phone comes out of the box with 4.4.2 kitkat (most up to date adroid OS) making it an even better purchase now than it was when it first came out. And what makes all of this so impressive is the fact that it is a sub-200$ phone---off contract. This makes this phone an extremely good &#34;situational phone.&#34; If you're like me and your usual phone clunked out on you before your contract was up, and you're looking for a very sturdy off contract phone to tie you over until you can upgrade the Moto G is the perfect phone for you. I will concede, there are some corners that has to be cut in order to make this phone such an affordable price; ie the 5 MP camera. But honestly for how inexpensive the phone is, I'm extremely surprised that there is a camera at all. All in All an extremely solid phone. I highly recommend.

I am absolutely loving this phone! I was considering buying a nexus 5, but when I saw this I and read the reviews I thought I might as well get it, cause it has a much better price and had great reviews. I read some reviews commenting on the camera, that it was where motorola had saved in order to make the phone cheaper, and that concerned me a little. But I found the camera to be very good! The one thing that I saw was that it only comes with a cord to connect to the computer and not one to charge the phone on an outlet. But it's a pretty standard connection entrance on the phone, and at home I alone had about three other power cords that fit. So that wasn't a big issue.  If you are looking for something affordable and amazing, I'd say this is the way to go!

I loved everything about this phone, way to go Motorola !It's super fast .works great, battery life is good !5/5

This phone Moto G, is a full phone functionality, the downside is that the camera in low-light does not take good photographs and has no flash memory slot, but it is a solid and stable phone system.

Easy to use, activate, and minimal bloatware. Good experience with an unlocked phone. AT&T and T-Mobile work the best, followed by Metro PCS. 5 GB of memory is ready to use. The 5 MP camera works well.

Great device! If you don't want to spend much money on a cell phone, this is probably the best value for the money.Battery life lasts up to 48h and any application so far has caused the cell to be slow.Good job, Google!

It does what the write ups said it would do, and is exceeding my expectations

I'm generally pretty particular about smartphones, having  switched from an HTC One X to a Samsung Galaxy S4 prior to this little guy. But those were $800 phones. I get a phenomenal experience out of the Moto G for a fraction of the price.I play a bunch of games from Humble Bundle on it and haven't really found anything it can't do. I have an alternate launcher (Nova, which I highly recommend) and it's gorgeous. My battery life is usually more than sufficient, and I slapped an SD card in to hold game data and I have had no problems with that.I did disable &#34;spotlight&#34; and a couple of other cutesy Motorola features, but they didn't make it difficult to do that, and the &#34;Google experience&#34; is almost entirely perfectly pristine.It's the perfect size, and a great deal.

It's easy to see why this phone garners such great reviews. You really are getting a lot for sub-$200: a fully-unlocked, well-spec'd, up-to-date (Android Kitkat is an easy download away), svelte-looking smartphone. And if you get the US version, you get the T-Mobile AWS band that gives you great data speeds in most US urban metro areas.Why only 3 stars? This phone has some issues that make using it day-to-day somewhat frustrating. Before I bought this I was using a Nokia Lumia 521 and thought the Moto G would blow it out of the water. But the Lumia 521 holds it's own against this pretty well.Biggest Issues with the Moto G:-- poor touch sensitivity. The Moto G is not easy to type on. Too easy to hit the wrong letter, link, etc. Yes, I did try alternate Android keyboards (I've settled on Swiftkey). Nonetheless, has me longing for the physical qwerty boards of yesteryear. I'm also spoiled by the Lumia 521 -- it far exceeds the Moto G in this regard. The stock keyboard is a joy to use, incredibly accurate, and is even very workable while wearing thick cotton gloves. Night and day difference.-- poor wifi sensivity. Moto G drops wifi connection while all my other devices (including Lumia 521) are showing full-strength. Or Moto G barely holds connection to the point that nothing (web, Google Maps) will load, yet it won't switch over to 3G data connection (which happens to be quite strong where I live). Not ideal. Again, very noticeable how poor the Moto G's wifi radio is.-- earpiece volume lacking. Moto G earpiece sounds very weak and tinny compared to that on 521. I still use my phone as a phone and simple things like earpiece quality matter a lot.-- misleading connection status indicators. On a recent road trip through some rural areas where t-mobile service is spotty, brought along Moto G and Lumia 521. Both had fully-enabled tmobile micro-sims installed. At times in moving vehicle I found that the Moto G showed a strong 3g connection, but then if you tried to load any website or speedtest, you'd get a timeout or other failure. In some of these same areas/conditions, the Lumia 521 showed a 2G signal that did indeed work for calls. My testing is a bit unscientific, but the Lumia 521 seemed to more honestly display and more frequently update mobile connection status, leading me to believe that it better handles handoffs between 3G/2G and doesn't try to hold onto a weak signal that isn't really there.(edit: after doing some searches online it appears this might be an issue associated with android 4.4 kitkat. there are many reports online of connection issues with the moto g after it is upgraded to 4.4)All together these Moto G issues add up. Hence only three stars despite this phone being extraordinary in every other way.

Not too bulky for a small purse. The options are easy to navigate, user friendly. Liked the tips based on usage.

I experience a annoying problem that sound is cracking. when I answer the phone, I hear the noise during the conversation. sometime, it's so big. when i turn on the speaker, the sound is clear. I think the receiver is not good.there is not charger. you have to buy it.

I'm fairly new to the smart phone world. I had a cheaper model that was slow and under powered. I decided I like the smart phone world so I decided to upgrade. However, I couldn't see paying the price for a iphone or even the more expensive Samsungs. I wanted an unlocked phone and saw this. I did some research and saw some good reviews for the moto g. I was hesitant at first, as there is no way to change battery and there is no external sd card available for it. I ordered the unit with the most storage and have been extremely happy with it. It's fast and has had plenty of storage for my use. I can't really imagine why I'd need anything more. It took me a while to figure out how to use it since it was quite different than my other one, but once learned I have no complaints. I have downloaded and use quite a few apps. I don't have a lot of music stored on it, but have several audiobooks and there's still plenty of storage left. I'm not into doing the extra tricks with this so I don't need to use the &#34;root&#34; to change anything. So, if you do want access to the root, you have to &#34;hack&#34; it. The only real problem I've had is finding an app that will record phone conversations. Apparently, Motorola doesn't support this and I haven't been able to do that.

It is a grrrrrrreat smartphone which has everything you wish a smartphone owned. Importantly, the price is much lower than other popular brand.

For the last 5 days, the battery could last about 1.5 days for each charge, according to my habit of using. Google services are fine and I could use most of the features that could not be accessible in most android phones sold in China. I really love this phone to have a physical keyboard, that would be perfect.

This phone is awesome. I wanted a pure android phone without all of the manufacturer junk added on top (I'm talking to you Samsung), and this is it. I've had a range of phones, from a Galaxy S4 to an iPhone 5, but I love the simplicity of the Moto G. The only thing I wish it had was LTE (didn't realize that when I bought it, my fault), but I completely understand why they didn't put it on a $200 phone. Either way, if you don't want to sign away your life to ATT to get an on-contract phone that will be obsolete in 6 months, consider this thing. It's awesome.

I have had this phone for two months now and I love it.  It has a great screen, its fast and it feels substantial and well made.  I get a full day out of a charge and never have any issues with call quality.

the best mid-range market, unbeatable quality, unbeatable features, relative to its price, motorola did an excellent job with this team, the battery lasts a whole day, you can answer a call in the rain, very resistant. second to none.

When my iPhone 3GS could no longer keep up with my demands, I went looking for a new phone.  Because of the new plan I switched to is prepaid, I am not eligible for the subsidy or payment plans that the carriers now offer, and was going to switch back to the post paid plans since I got sweet deal that fits our budget nicely.So, since we have no subsidy or payment plan option, a new iPhone or high end Android phone is out of the question.  Could not spend $600 to $700 on a phone.  So when I heard about the MotoG, I was intrigued.  It has decent specs, current OS and is only $200.  No subsidy, no payments.  Just $200!!The transition from iOS to Android hasn't been that bad.  My wife has always had Android, so it wasn't totally new to me.  They both have pros and cons, but this is about the phone not the OS.The speed is great.  Now take into consideration I am coming into this after a 4 year old phone, so apps took some time load on my iPhone.  I was impressed with how fast I was able to bring up Facebook and Twitter.  I can take a picture in a snap.  Checking into Foursquare is so fast now.If you read reviews of the phone on tech blogs, the message is always the same when it comes to this phone.  They kept cost low by leaving out 4G.  I don't do too much on my phone outside of the house that would really need 4G, so it hasn't been an issue so far.  Although, as I am writing this review, the newer version is being released with 4G and added an SD card slot.To wrap it up, I am pleased with this phone and hope you will be too.

Absolutely wonderful! Definitely in a class of it's own. Virtually no compromise on quality so the Moto G has outstanding performance. A great buy any day!

For the price, and the features, this phone is awesome.>Pluses: Ease of use, no frills, fast (even with 3G in the U.S., via T-Mobile). I don't do games, stream movies or store music.>I just use phone, text, some Web surfing, some pictures, Bluetooth once and awhile, and use the OK Google and voice stuff a lot, especially for texts. (Always proofread before hitting the send button, but it's usually grabs it correctly 80% of the time)>No big issue, but: Can only send one picture per text, which I think is an oversight. Solution: So send two texts!I did my homework before buying in January. I wanted to control the phone, not the other way around. It has lived up to all expectations! For once, believe what you hear.>Also: Spend the extra $20-30 and buy the 16GB!>Also/FYI: For a "case," the Tudia Ultra Slim for Moto G (sold on Amazon) is non-obtrusively great. Just sayin.

It has a very attractive look and is very reliable. It has quite of a number of interesting features which are very desirable.



For the budget conscious, the Moto G delivers an affordable smartphone that performs. It's quadcore Snapdragon processor delivers enough power to motor through day to day applications. It also delivers a very pure android KitKat experience by stripping out the flashy features that may be impractical for daily use and focuses on features that matter such as a amazing battery life and a sharp 4.5&#34; 1280 x 720 HD display.It does have its limitations, namely it's 5MP camera that is quite mediocre in contrast to the phone's other hardware specs. It aslo lacks the microSD expansion slot, but again for day to day use, the 16GB version suffices. Google is also offering 50GB of Google Drive space for Moto G owners who need more than the stock internal memory.Moto G also feels comfortable to hold. Minus the overly protruding volume and power buttons, the phone is quite sleek with clean lines.Bottom line, the Moto G blows away all the smartphones in it's price range and would even challenge phones twice its price.

This phone I LOVE! cheap to buy at Amazon, and it works great on Consumer Cellular, my provider. I was going to buy a new IPod touch to replace my old one, but it cost more than this phone, and I wanted a new phone anyway, so it was an easy decision for me to buy this. I use it more for APPS than phone calls, and I have the Cellular Data disabled, so all my data usage is through WiFi, either from my home router of Cablevision's Optimum WiFi, which is all over the New York/ Long Island area. My data plan with Consumer Cellular is only for 100 MB (yes, MB!!) and I typically use over 2 GB or more a month. Excellent WiFi connectivity with this phone.Battery life for me is about as good or bad as anybody else's smart phone. I get more than 24 hours on each charge.I am not a power user for business, but I do use the phone a bit :-)Did I say I love it? i LOVE it!

i love it! i got tired of expensive cellphones like samsung or iphone that last no more than a year. this cellphone is affordable and works just fine. i would highly recommend it!

It is good for using,I like it very much.My friend love it and  ask me to buy it for him.

Great phone, quad core unlocked. For the price you are paying there is nothing I can say I dislike about this phone.

We bought 2 of these after looking at a number of different options for unlocked smartphones, and this is by far the best value for the buck.  The only downside is that the camera is not the best, but there are no smartphones with good camera quality available in this price category, so we had to drop that requirement in the end.

Cheap price and good quality for that phone. I recommend this phone because specification and price very good!! Buy it!

I purchased two of these phones.  We have been using them for over a month.  Very pleased with the quality, feel, performance, and features of the phone.  There are many You Tube reviews of the phone, and all are very positive.  I highly recomment this phone.  Our Carrier is Consumer Cellular.

Ufff i like si much the best phone everand to say the price is worth all that I love and only for $ 179 wonderfull

I purchased this phone, and was very happy with it's style and features. It immediately updated itself to the lastest android kitkat software, and the phone is very user friendly. It had many extra apps that I wasn't expecting like translator, and fm radio.

I got this phone for my son for Christmas. He loves it. I searched CL for used a used Nexus 4, but the price on those were still way too high. I'm glad I got this one. I ordered the flip case to go with it as well. To me, it's feels like an updated Galaxy Nexus. The specs aren't high end, but they are pretty darn good. If this phone came out 2 years ago, it would have been a flagship phone.Pros:-Price. The best bang for your buck, if you're with a GSM carrier (Works great with T-Mobile)-As of this review it's running Android 4.4.2 (kitkat) and is almost pure Android-Size, not too big, not too small-Gorilla glass 3-1.2GHz Quad core CPU (Snapdragon 400, which is the lower of the current quad core family at the moment)-Dedicated GPU-FM Radio, which is rare these days-1GB of ram (it's okay, but wish it was 2 so the phone was more future proof)-Great Battery life-Decent camera with HDR and slow motion features-With a flip case, it automatically turns on and off the display when you open your case-Many moreCons (not many):-It's a bit heavy and bulky-Accessories (ie, cases) cost too much. There weren't any cheap knock offs at the moment which was why I had to buy a shell from Motorola-Only HSPA 21+, wish it was HSPA 42+ (which competes with LTE)-Speaker could have been better-No NFC, which isn't a big deal-No room for additional micro SD card, which I don't care about anyways because everything is in the cloud these days-You can open the back and see the battery, but why can't we swap out the battery?Overall, I'm very pleased with the phone. I wish it was mine. It is super snappy. I still have my old Galaxy Nexus and don't need to upgrade it yet. I used to only buy Nexus products, but I will consider Motorola for future purchases because it seems that since Google took them over, they've been better with their support. If you want a phone without all the gimmicks, this is a great phone. Don't let the benchmarks screw with your decision. In everyday use, it's a great phone and performs when you need it.

I love the phone, i was very excited to put my hands on it! The delivery was quick... I've got no complains! Keep on the good work folks... Cheers!

More that expectation

Best phone at this price... Very much similar to Nexus experience. Everyone will like it.Super specs at affordable price.

Excellent smartphone! I would say it's the best phone for the money right now. Great design, fast, good battery and Android 4.4. I recommend it!

bought this as a gift. however it is such a lovely phone almost wanted to do a take back lol, Most importantly it updated to kit kat immediately. The charger could be connected to AC using my Samsung plug and the supplied USB cable.

This is my first smartphone and I am very pleased with the Moto G.What I love:- The phone is running the latest version of Android (KitKat 4.4.2) and there is very minimal bloatware from Motorola.- The phone is very quick and responsive with minimal lag. The display is crisp and has good color rendering.- The ergonomics are great. The phone is the right size for me (I carry it in my front pocket) and the back has a nice curvature to it. The sides are tapered towards the front which seems trivial, but I really like how it feels in my hand.What I don't like:- I knew this phone didn't have 4G LTE, but I was expecting to be able to use T-Mobile's regular 4G network. Sadly, it is not compatible with the 1700 Mhz band needed for this. I know this is my own fault for not understanding the compatibility, but it is very subtle if you aren't up on these things. As it is I get about 3-5 Mbps download speeds depending on location.- The camera isn't that great. I knew it wasn't going to spectacular, but I was hoping for something a little better. I did install another camera app which is basically the standard KitKat camera app and it seems to have more options and take better pictures than Motorola's pre-loaded camera app. Go figure.If this is your first smartphone or you are looking for a smartphone on a budget, you really can't go wrong with this phone.

--------------One Weekend of Ownership-----------------After one weekend, the phone works great and gets great battery life.It's very responsive and Kit Kat is a dream for long time Android users.The Motorola apps are actually useful.Simple Mobile works great and I get about 20MB/6MB on LTEThe screen has been bright and clear except in direct sunlight (auto brightness setting)The camera seems fine so far, but I haven't looked at the pictures on a computer screen yet.I'll update this after more use, but so far, it's a great phone for anyone looking for something inexpensive without having to resort to ebay and craigslist (USED).

Good price.  Good configuration.  Good hand-feel with the right size.  Adequately fast with its 1.2GHz quad core cpu. Could be even better if battery could be designed for longer use.  All in all, competitive in every respects.

So my Moto G is less than 2 weeks old, it's been working fine.Today I was taking a bunch of photos (like 40-50) and then suddenly the camera stopped working. I tried to access it through Instagram and it gave me an error that said &#34;camera not connected&#34;.I noticed the battery was low, like below 5%, so I assumed that might be the problem. I went to plug it in to the USB drive on my computer and it went to sleep. When I tried to wake it it will not turn on, and my computer does not recognize that there is anything plugged in.I left it for 3-4 hours and came back to try it again, still won't turn on.Crap going back to my Beloved Iphone BTW..Moto Cust support sucks..

I love this phone it was so vibrent and I love how the camera works.it is a cheap way to the best stuff!

good screen, good resolution, is updated to the latest version of android. great price. the best cell you can get for this price.

The phone itself is how I expected, but... I am really disappointed with the shipping package. It wasn't a real box... I could clearly see and figure out what was in the package with just a peek. As I said, the Device is as expected but I didn't like the way they ship it.

it's cool.. within the budget, affordable, best in class range, can do a lot with in small price.looks good

I've had the phone for a few days and I really enjoy it.  I hate to be overly optimistic at this stage because I've had other phones that were great out of the box but went downhill in a few weeks.That being said, the phone is snappy and call clarity is really good.  Signal strength is great.  Screen looks nice and apps work well.  Camera is not the best but better than some other phones.  Battery is not user replaceable but in a few days of hard use has only been down to 50% at bedtime which is encouraging.Very pleased so far!

This phone proves that good smartphones can be made with low prices. In terms of performance it is great, very fluid, nice screen and response. The downside is its lack of storage and just average battery life. This is something that manufactures should really improve and left aside their absurd competition of bigger screens, higher cpu clocks and bigger RAM, for the daily use I dont need a computer that beat those of the NSA, I need long battery life!!!, despite this I really recommend this phone to anyone looking for a nice smartphone experience with put breaking the bank. It does the job and do it really well. Period.

I love this phone.  I bought it to use during my most recent deployment to Afghanistan.  I still have my iPhone, but this phone is so nice.  I have used other android handsets before, most recently the Galaxy S4, but this is nicer.  The weight of the phone is nice and feels sturdy, you just like holding it.  I also like the screen size.  4.5 inches is the perfect size...phone size.  And the price...unbelievable.  I am going to have a hard time letting this phone go and returning to my iphone when i get back to the states.Pros:-Screen-battery life is good for a full day-weight and feel of the curved back-covers replace the back and are nice-reception has been excellent-PRICE

This phone its incredible, its perfect. just look perfect on my hands, its not extravagant and have a perfect design.

This is a great phone.  The screen is very clear and everything is sharp.  The 16gb limit didn't bother me much.  Bayreuth life is pretty good.  I wonder if Lenovo is going to continue to develop the Moto line of phones.

I had to return the phone due to a faulty battery, and as I had it sent internationally it is going to be weeks before I get the replacement. From what I could make of the build quality it was no better than some of the unbranded phones which are cheaper with similar if not better specs.

The phone is very solid, works smoothly (haven't experienced any LAGs so far), Highly recommended.It is a great phone for those looking a budget phone.

I've been a Palm fan since the old Palm Pilot days and finally gave up on my old Palm Pre 2 a month or so ago.  Consequently, Android OS is a whole new experience for me.  I still am biased to Palm's WebOs, so it's tough for me to give a detailed impartial review of the operating system.  Suffice it to say that the OS is clean, free of bloatware, and has been running smooth as glass for me.On the hardware side, I want to give a big high-five to Motorola and Google for producing such as well made product.  This is a solid piece of equipment.  Buttons work well, touch-screen is responsive, no hiccups from the processor when running programs, etc.  I'm getting used to the screen size having come from a much smaller phone, but after only a few weeks it seems to be just right.  Form factor fits in my average size hands well.  Sound is great from speakers, and earbuds.  If I had to search for a con, it would be that the phone is a little more slippery than my last device.  No drops yet, but I worry.  If this is a concern for you it's a quick fix with the myriad of shell options either directly from motorola or from an after-market manufacturer.I hope this unlocked phone is the first step in the right direction on untangling the hardware from the mobile phone companies, allowing a greater freedom in choice (and lower prices) for consumers.  I highly recommend this phone.

I ordered this phone after I broke my Galaxy S 4G that I had for like 5 years. I'm so glad I upgraded.I was kind of expecting the experience to be the same as on other androids I have used. Even the high-end ones have their occasional hiccup when scrolling through the app drawer or when switching screens. I haven't noticed it with this phone though. It works like iOS, just a smooth user experience. I couldn't be happier, and the price point was amazing too. Way better than spending +$100 for a cheap knockoff android that barely even works.

Very good cell phone I like it very much very comfortable and useful.Now after Motorola update it support on Hebrew.Wi-Fi work well.Cell phone work well.My daughter like it very much

Excellent product, good quality and good price, works perfectly, It is quick and resistant ... no problems with the purchase order

I love this phone. It is very responsive and works like a champ. 8GB is the right fit for me, as I only text, call and play games on my phone.

Awesome phone at 200 range! Other reviews have pointed out the con's well. Got global gsm model in 2 days from moto web. Cut my At&t; Sim to micro size using template available online n started using it n my WiFi as I don't have data plan. Now got Lyca mobile plan unlimited talk n 3g for just 25. Screen size is wider than galaxy mini but same in length, little smaller than galaxy. Now who wants a contract phone? Also bought Moto X which is slightly better with 4g, better cam, 1cm bigger screen but much pricier. Performance wise both r very good. So G is best steal than any other smart phones!Edit1: One Con others may not have pointed out is Moto G and Moto X don't have Gorilla Glass like their cousin from Google i.e. Nexus 5. So you need to really take care that phone doesn't drop quite often, or you get the protective casing. Else the display may get damaged.

This is the best Android phone, maybe even the best smartphone, you can buy for under $200. Go for the 16GB version.

This is the best phone ever for the price I travel the world and it works everywhere awesome love it totally suggested!

The best phone

Excellent selling and excellent product 100 recommended %! The Cellular one is better that I have had, over the same iPhone!

I gave this item 5 stars because it did not disappoint me a bit, and you really can't find a phone like this for $200. So I'd say go for it, definitely worth the money.

This is a fabulous phone!  I purchased one shortly before release because I had destroyed my iPhone 5 (sorry, the rice trick did not work) and my old Galaxy S (yes, the original) was unacceptably slow and generally unresponsive.  For 1/3 the cost of a new iPhone I got one that, in many ways, is equal if not superior.Pay the extra $20 for the LTE capability!!

Sharp screen, very good battery life and performance.  I was about to go for the nexus 5, but I can buy almost 2 of this for 1 nexus 5, and better to make mom happy too :)Antutu benchmark says its paired to the S3 overall.if you like to mod your phone, xda-developers or  Xperience.cyanogen  will release a custom Rom .

I've had my Moto G for 2 Months nowThe Moto G has received exceptional ratings from trusted android sources.Pros:-Fast!  @ Quad Core 1.4 ghz Processor that allows even power users to play 3-D intensive games without hiccups/lagGames Tested: (Asphalt 8,Injustice, NBA 2k14, Riptide G2)-Great Battery, lasted 1 and half a day even with a power user like me, casual users should get even more-1 GB of RAM which can allow multiple apps running and maintain good performance-Price, Price, Price, Price, Price..... Did i mention Price?-Bright, Color Accurate screen with a resolution of 1280x720, equal to 2012's flagship phones such as the nexus 4, Galaxy s3, and surpasses the Iphone 5s in screen size as well as resolution, with an even higher Pixel Density that the &#34;Retina Display&#34; on the IPhone 5s.-This comes with 50 GB of free Google Drive Storage for 2 YEARS, what a deal!-Comes with a 1.3 mp front camera, which is actually a luxury in this price range-Custom Motorola apps such as Motorola Assist and Motorola Migrate which are both very useful-Easily unlockable bootloader, with steps provided from Motorola themselvesCons:-Decent Camera, that can be a nightmare with grain in low light-No 4g LTE-No NFC-No Sd Card slot for storing videos, music, photos as well as app data, but 50 GB of Drive Data can handle your videos and photos, and 8/16 gb can handle your app data-Would be awesome if there was a 32 GB version of this device so i could store more large sized GamesIn Conclusion, this device has had some corners cut to achieve this amazing price. Some features that have been cut dont matter too much to average consumers such as NFC, but the price is the central feature of this phone and the price to performance ratio is great on this phone. I 100% reccomend you should buy this device.

The best phone for the money. Stable, fast, great desing.I have the S2 before, this is a great upgrade to get KITKATand more powerfull processor.

My mom doesn't require much functionality from a phone. Can it make calls? Check! And that's all she needs. But even she loves this phone. She loves that she can use it as a pedometer (external app needed), being able to check email, using maps for gps, watching youtube videos, and so on and so forth. It's easy to use, easy to teach and it's definitely powerful enough to run the latest android version without any hiccups. Her battery life is ~ 1.5 days of moderate use but overall she's happy with it therefore so am i.

I purchased the 16GB US Moto G and for $199 no contract your not going to find a better phone.Here are the highlights I've found so far- The display is bright and clear. Excellent resolution and color depth- Has a message indicator light (I have missed this feature with my previous LG phone)- Jellybean 4.3 installed and since Motorola is Google owned will get OS updates- The quad core processor in this phone is a beast for the price. Web pages load with ease and the screen is always responsive.- Build quality is excellent for $200. *The power and volume buttons feel cheap though.- Works great with T-Mobile in the Atlanta area. Didn't test the speed as I had no performance issues.- FM Radio (App needs a little work though)- Customizable colors (I opted for the colored Cruzerlite Droid case as it was cheaper and added TPU protection)Overall other then the loose fitting power and volume buttons nothing to complain about. Highly recommended!

this phone its reaaly great until the battery drain out to zero and wont turn on, I call Amazon and tell me to call Motorola, they says I have to return the phone to technical support in Texas 10 days plus shipping times. So, I open the phone, remove the screws remove the battery and put it again and its working again, I have fear to happens again, I dont want to remove the battery every time drains out and was on my risk.

I bought this phone for my mother, a first time smartphone user and I got to say she is loving it.What you get:* Nearly stock android experience (already updated to latest android version 4.4.2 kit kat)* Enough power to run everything smoothly (I haven't tried heavy graphic games, I guess those would stutter, but that's not the aim of the phone, all common apps and videos run perfectly smooth)* Easy to configure and speedy updates, plus some neat Motorola apps that don't clutter the experience and add value.* Great size (not too big, not small) with a crisp and clear screen, no complaints whatsoever.* Great build quality, the phone looks and feels solid and well built.* Great price for the value. It's virtually the cheapest smartphone with this level of quality I've seen out there. I've deen doing research to buy an inexpensive phone for my mother and truthfully she doesn't even need this level of features but every other phone from other brands that had less features costed more than this phone, so it is a no brainer why would I spend more money for less features?If you are not interested, don't need or don't have the money to buy any of the high end phones out there (Galaxy S4/5, Moto X, Nexus 5, etc.).. go for this one, there is no reason you should buy any budget phone from any other brand, this one kills them all. I assure you, you wont regret it.

The best smartphone!!!!!!!!! The best price and best design. I thonk Motorola is the future of smartphones!!!! I love it!!!

If you are looking for a cell phone quality at the best price, look no more, this is the cell phone you should buy.After inquiring and buy many brands, it is more risky to buy a Motorolo Moto G, and the surprise was great for the quality of the materials, the quality of the screen and the camera, it's the best phone upper middle range there.I just bought 4 phones more for my family and all these happy, content and comfortable with the phone.

I thank motorola for this product, inexpensive and really VERY GOOD, excellent performance, quick, light, and a good quality camera. fulfilled beyond my expectations.

great product.people always complaint about the camera,  but  it  took  wonderful pictures.  i own a Nexus 5  and even when quality is better  ( obviuosly for the nexus 5 )  the camera  software for the moto  G have more cool options.also it came with some preinstalled apps for secure  your phone.it is really fast phone  even when just 1gb RAM.there is no reason why no giving the 5 stars

I gave my mom a Nokia Lumia 520, which you can get now for $50, but that phone is a real piece of crap. Build quality AND software wise, that phone was really insulting and I wish I never got it for her. So I gave her my old iPhone 4, and I got this phone for my dad. He freaking loves it and has not had a problem with it yet.THE CAMERA SUCKS B**LS THOUGH so be careful if you like to take pics. People will still know what it is that you've taken a picture of, but it will be a horrible picture.If you have the money, do yourself a favor and get the latest iPhone. If you're one of those people who thinks that Apple is a scam, or if you feel insecure buying an Apple product because they are popular and you don't want to look or feel like an &#34;iSheep,&#34; do yourself a favor and get a Nexus 5. Leave Samsung alone. Let's be honest, Galaxy phones are junk. Yes they have amazing processors and screens and &#34;OMFG you can wave your hand to scroll!&#34; but dude they can't be serious with that crappy build quality. I've never used a Moto X, but if it's basically a gangster version of the Moto G, it's probably a great phone too.But yeah, if you on a budget and you ain't trying to be Instagram straight flexin', this is the best phone you can get right now (although if you're reading this after summer 2014, there's probably another, better phone out from now-Lenovo-owned-Motorola, so do your research!).

Bought this for my dad who is old school and was using a flip phone forever. I decided to buy one for his because he kept playing with my mom's note 2 and he loved casino apps. And since otterbox offers the defender series for this phone I got him both! He enjoys it and it works with everything he wants out of a modern phone.

Basically every positive thing said about this phone in every review is correct - the Gorilla Glass 3 screen is durable and scratch resistant, this phone has minimal clutter for Android and is responsive, solid build quality, great 720p display, and unlocked for less than $180.The only con is that there is no way to remove the Google toolbar at the top of the home screen. You can &#34;hide&#34; the Google toolbar, but you still cannot reclaim the space at the top. Some people online have used Nova Launcher to remove the Google toolbar but I prefer to have less apps running.

I had no idea what to do with my money. I wanted something just like an Ipod and a phone. This is both, this product is fast, easy working, and good for all ages. I would even give my sister who is 10 this. The Moto g is a very good product and there are no issues whats so ever. Just make sure you keep track of ur GB.

So i been looking for a phone for a while but did not wanna pay a huge price for a phone outdated in 3 months, Recently my nexus 4 broke and i had to get something similar but with a budget of 200 dollars. So i find this phone do my research and i must say it was a good investment. here are some of the pros and cons.Pro:+ Very nice screen+ Somewhat vanilla android experience aside from like 4 apps from motorola+ works with pre paid carrier I have Cricket wireless and the LTE kicked in as soon as i put micro sim inside.after some speed test 8mb down and 5 mbs upload. Keep in mind att throttles cricket wireless speed+ Very good battery life i am a power user all day and it last me 10 hrs ( web browsing, checking mail, youtube, spotify, maps using high accuracy gps setting.)+ comes with a fm radio and you can switch to multiple coutries+ android 4.4.3 right out of the box+ Price is unbeatable giving the quality of the phone+ speaker phone pretty loudcons:- very small phone if you have big hands it will slip out or cramp your hand from holding to tight.- must disable some of the motorola apps especially spotlight app it takes up too much space for a useless app.- camera is lackluster very limited in changing settings, even after downloading google camera app still is only good in bright settings- Space is limited 8gb but you start with around 5.5, its just the bare minimum but after you sync your apps to the phone 1-2 gigs remaining.- sound quality a lil low for my taste but it gets the job done.if you need a prepaid phone to hold you over till the next big thing and you still want decent features this phone is head and shoulders above anything you will get at the local cell phone shop or local store like walmart. best of all its unlocked and ready to rock and roll on any gsm carrier

Very fast for any phone in any price range, as good as it gets. My only regret is my decision to get the 8gig version instead of the 16 gigger. Not sure I'm happy with all the phone manufacturers moving away from SD card slots. Works great on T-Mobile even thought their web site claims it's not supported (yet).

Excellent experience, better I thought. Is a great cellphone. When  I powered on I fell very well and it updated to Android last version, Kitkat.

Best phone I've had, is super fast application opening the reception is excellent, I love it pure android without customizing the manufacturer has very good finish, the display is very sharp, and the battery has a time duration acceptable

Best Smart phone for the price on the market, and better than some more expensive phones, but do get the 16gb model as you cant add an SD card for more storage.

There is a lot to like about this phone.  Screen holds its own and it is snappy to use.  Updated to 4.4 right away which was a nice perk.  The camera is where the phone stumbled for me.  I was not expecting perfection, but I had a hard time getting decent pictures in anything other than optimal lighting.  You have to give up something to get a phone down to this price point and it gets so very much right, but for me I knew the camera was never going to cut it.If you destroyed your phone and don't want to roll the dice with an eBay &#34;better&#34; phone to get you through to an upgrade, then this might just be the device you are looking for.  Or, forget the phone part and use this as a wifi only iPod killer - great for music and games at a much lower price than an iPod.

Best phone for masses. Battery works just great for one day hard usage - I was able to watch four 1.5 hour movies through WiFi from local NAS and still had about 15% of battery. The same applies to internet browsing. It's possible to recognise screen content under direct sun lights. Screen glass quality is also just perfect - very easy to clean and it's scratch resistant. GPS positioning is very accurate and GPS fix is fast. Camera doesn't work good for objects in motion.No SD card slot inside - looks like the only missing option, I think. After installing offline navigation maps for Europe and North America, after downloading Google Translate with offline dictionaries for 3 languages, after installing every app I need, I'm still having about 5GB of free space inside.I do recommend to buy a case because original phone cover is a bit slippery.

I LOVE THIS PHONE, LAST PHONE WAS AN ANDROID 2.3 WITH A SMALL SCREEN AND THIS ONE IS 4.2 WITH A MUCH LARGER SCREEN AND A SMOOTHER OVERALL FEEL. I USE WITH AN ATT GO PHONE PLAN AND IT DOES EVERYTHING I NEED PERFECTLY. IF YOU NEED AN UNLOCKED PHONE AND DO NOT WANT TO SPEND AN ARM AND A LEG, YOU WILL LOVE THIS PHONE.

Very good this Smart phone

-the battery endurance of this phone is 20-30% less than I expected after reading the reviews-screen in quite nice!-speaker is also nice but not as good as the reviews made me expect.-camera is not very good. I had a Samsung Galaxy S from 2010 which also had a 5MP camera that was better than this Moto G camera.-sometimes I feel that screen is not responsive as compared to my old Samsung Galaxy S.-the face camera is good.-recently the camera app gives me error and even if I want to use the camera through instagram same thing holds. I then have to turn off the device and turn it on again so the camera works.

5 for everything

My galaxy S4 was ruined by water and need a new phone immediately.  Phone is stock android and works very well.  The camera is good not great.  Same for the display.  But lets not forget the price point.  I am on ATT.  Took SIM card out of old phone and placed in the Moto G.  Phone rebuilt itself through Gmail settings down to the wallpaper.  The process could not have been easier.  I placed old SD card and all photos and videos were read to use.  The phone seams quite capable.  Bluetooth streaming is as good as the S4.  I downloaded kitkat launcher to improve the stock android launcher which has a Google search widget on every screen.  I added calendar widget app, sms notification widget app, and transparent weather widget app.  At this point life is not much different from the S4.  Of course the S4 camera is much better... but I can easily live with this for a while.

I just got it after 2 days ordered in amazon, amazing shipping time, with the Amazon Prime, of course.First thing, the cover at the back which seem is difficult for me to open to put the sim card in. after several try, I did it.this phone has a good configuration, I just install some apps, so this phone still works well so far. I will continue reviewing this phone in the next couple time using it.Second thing, the length of charging wire is quite short and I don't know why the input charger is not fit with the fone. Which means the phone not fit to the head wire input when I do charging, there still has a short distance between the head of a charger and the output hole of the phone. Anyone has the same problem with me?The minus point of my phone which I wonder that anybody had the same like me? that the wifi network this phone can work in a very near area of wifi signal. I put my wifi spot at the living room, and sometimes, no I mean quite often time I'm in the bed room I my fone cannot catch the wifi... Could anyone had this phone, answer me that you guys had the same experiences or just my phone's faults?  My apartment quite small with 3 bead rooms and 2 bath rooms. So, I am waiting for your advices for me can decide return for the new one or still keep it!Overall this phone is a great deal with that price and I just had some issue with my fone as above. Thank you for reading my report. Please share your experiences when using this phone with me. Thank you.Christian T

It is fast and has good screen resolution. Very satisfied with this phone performance. Battery can last whole day of usage.

Pros:- Fast app launch- Fast boot up- Very handyCons:- Weight (bit heavy)- Camera clarityOverall it is a good android mobile with good performance.

Works on most international GSM networks.  I would recommend this to anyone travelling to Africa . The phone  works on all African Networks that I tried it on

Cannot say enough good things about this phone.  LOVE it.  Good signal, great apps, fast processor, multi-tasks well, just great.

I ordered this phone from Motorola and have been very happy with how it works and the price.  However, the camera lens cracked while in my pocket.  The phone was never dropped, and there is not a scratch or dent on the device.  Motorola wants $125 to repair.

Great phone for the price.

The only thing I wish it had is expandable memory, but I knew it didn't when I bought it. Other than that, I love it!

This mobile is the best cost - benefit that I ever see in a product.Functionality is more than expected, always updated.

Bought one for my gf.  If you don't want to spend more then 350$ this is the only phone you should consider.  Either go for the Nexus 5 / Moto X range phones and above, or buy this.  Clean android experience.  You will really not feel like your using a $200 phone.  Great user experience, and unbelievably powerful for the price.  It's a $200 phone that does not make you feel like a cheapskate on a daily basis.  Highly recommend going for the 16 GB version, as ~2 GB will be taken by the OS.

Don't hesitate a minute. It's the best Android smartphone I eve use. I love it. It's easy to use, it's fast, light, it never freezes. I simply love it.

Love the phone but when making calls there was a  Popping Sound on both the phone I received so I return them both. May I received two bad unit.

I have switched from the Motorola Photon 4G, and I could not be more pleased. 2 years ago, I swore I would never own another Motorola phone after the shaft they gave me by not allowing upgrades to ICS or JB on their original Photon phones.  I also grew tired of Sprint for not taking any responsibility for selling me a phone that the manufacturer could go back on a commitment for 2 years of updates.However, after seeing the Moto G's release announced, and reading all of the very positive reviews, and the addition of LTE and microSD expansion, I couldn't justify passing this up.  This phone has NO bloatware, as I bought it unlocked directly from Motorola. This is vastly different from my last Motorola phone (which was bought through Sprint, so there were 2 layers of bloatware).The phone runs great. It comes with 4.4.3 Kit Kat out of the box. If you have most of your music/photos stored on the cloud, the 8GB on board is actually a decent amount of space, especially if you are only a casual document reader, internet/Social Media checker like I am.Battery lasts me a full day on normal use. I spent a day streaming Youtube, Pandora, and my library from Google Music, and it did force the phone into Battery Saver mode, which just restricted apps from accessing the web while in the background. It still only got down to 15% or so by the end of the day.My only complaint is that all of my apps updated once I got connected to the internet. This would not be a problem, except that Google Drive also updated, and apparently it is only the native Drive app that has the 50GB offer for free Drive space for 2 years.  I have an outstanding claim with Motorola to get this corrected. I may knock my review down to 4 stars if it is not fixed, but for right now, everything is great.***** Update *****A Motorola rep commented below.  According to the website, the 4gLTE version does not get the 50GB of free Google Drive space. That makes sense, since the phone does have expandle storage. I didn't buy the phone for that space anyways, and I didn't read from Motorola anywhere that this version DID come with that space. I just assumed that since previous Moto G's did, that this one would too. I still think this is a great value for your dollar.  I have it on the Net10 unlimited plan, and it has been fantastic so far.

the smarthpone is relly good, the signal is excelent, i am really happy with this item, thaks a lot, great,,,

I got this cell phone and used for several days, it looks simple but beautiful. Everything works fine in this mobile phone, I don't like too large screen so this is perfect for me. I use it as my second mobile phone, and I think it is definitely worth to get a mobile phone in this price.

I love this phone so much! It is fast, the size isn't too big, it is waterproof, and it has plenty of memory for me!

The Moto G was the best smartphone I had ever had for the price. After using for around a month now, I finally let my battery completely drain to 0% (to the point where it shut off) and it simply will not charge again. I have tried many different possible solutions to this problem but unfortunately I'm afraid my phone is bricked. I understand that this is considered a &#34;value smartphone&#34; but I don't think it is worth any amount of money if it is completely useless after letting the battery die. Motorola has been no help with this issue and I am past the window of returning it, so I guess I am out of luck. Probably the most frustrated I have ever been with any electronic.

Well...I've had my share of smartphones: a milestone, atrix, galaxy s3 and a xperia Z1... This phone, has stock android, first and foremost. It was made when motorola was a google company, therefore it runs stock android and its always updated first than most other brands. Nonetheless, it's a really speedy phone, with solid built in functions (i always loved motorola built in apps) and for a really low price. Yes, it's unlocked for international use, and no, you cannot expand memory. I bought this to my brother, and he uses it a lot.

After reading all the great reviews on this phone I bought it,I hooked up to straight talk and it worked fine for 2 weeks then it  updated once and  since then I haven't been able to send or receive mms of any kind except thru  Kik or whatsapp,  then the 3G stopped working it will go on and off at will, it stopped working 4 days after the last day that I could return it...I'm so disappointed that now I will have to replace it with something else. For anyone wanting  to buy this phone please check out the mms problems online before you give them $200.00  of your hard earned money. What a waste of money and time trying to figure out how to fix it

I am surprised how much I like the phone.  It is reliable (so far) and the touch screen works marvelously!  I have two other touch screen devices and they are painful in comparison to the Moto G.

I cannot believe such cheap smartphone can be this god, my wife is loving it. It has a sharp screen resolution, excellent battery life, good back and front cameras, etc...Believe all the professional reviews (CNET and the like), they are 100% true.

Super fast pure Google phone.  My 19 year old son loves it.  You can buy shells for the back cover to change the look. Great buy!

This is a great phone and at a great price.  I also purchased a Nexus 5 phone which is very similar in actual use but with better specs and a much higher price.  After using both phones I have concluded that for my use and in my opinion the extra $200 - $300 and the larger form factor of the Nexus 5 is not worth it but that is just my opinion as both phones are a good choice.

Product arrived as described and it works perfectly in the Dominican Republic. The price is so great for the kind of quality cell, it's internationally unlocked and it's running smoothly with our Dominican service provider!!!

Neat phone without the hefty price, works fantastic, delivered on time.Two thumbs up, get this phone.(I suggest you get the 16gb, you'll do nothing with 8gb)

Pros: Solid performance, excellent reception and call quality, crisp and clear display, excellent size for most users, already has Android 4.4/KitKatCons: Wiggly & cheap-feeling buttons, some minor fit issues with the stock shell, omission of 4G LTE could irk some buyersIn Short: $200 you won't regret spending.  Just be prepared to forgive some minor build issues, and an omitted feature or two, when comparing this to higher-end carrier-subsidized devices.

This Motorola Moto G is great phone. I ordered 2 phone 1 for my brother and 1 for my wife i just receive my phone. It is really great smart phone with great price.

Met all my expectations. The price is so good for what you get. And you get  A LOT. Would highly recommend this product.

Great phone for the dollar. Exceeded my expectations. Motorola has a winner here. If the phone had LTE it would have a home run.

This is a great phone, period. It is especially excellent considering the price.  I am currently using this phone with the Straight Talk unlimited plan and it has not given me a moment of grief. Some people may complain that the phone only has a 3G radio, but quite honestly, I live in a rural area and typically switch to using the phone's data over my 'broadband' DSL because it is faster.  I use the Otterbox case with this and have dropped it several times with no apparent damage to the phone.  I am very happy with this purchase.

I bought this phone for my wife and it turned out be a wonderful purchase.This device is heavier than Nexus 5 and Moto X, but the dimensions are still decent.It looks good and decent quality. The display is bright and large.No issues with WiFi and 3G. The only minor issue is that there is no universal versionand you have to choose between US and Global, which can be difficult.

I got the 16 GB version for my teenage daughter and she loved it. For 200 dollars this is a very well built smart phone. Unlike Samsungs and HTCs there is barely any bloatware. It already received Google's latest Android version KitKat, 4.4.2. Phone feels quite fast for the price. I recommened this to anyone who is on a budget. You can't go wrong with this phone.

I have owned this phone for 6 months, and even this far down the line it's still a pleasure to use.One fault it has is that the wee metal bits that connect to the sim are very flimsy. On my Galaxy phone these connectors were built like a tank. I managed to break my first Moto G just by inserting the sim card too quickly. Lucky me.This small(ish) problem aside. Moto G is a very good phone.

I love this phone so much! excellent battery and the display is gorgeous! my eyes popped the first time I saw this thing boot up. highly recommend this phone :D

This is very beautiful phone which ever saw. Wonderful device and good choice. My expectations was fully confirmed.I will use your services in the future.

This is a very good phone for entry level users. My Dad is transitioning from a Samsung I9070 Galaxy S Advance. Phone is very quick and best of all, no more Ginger since T-Mobile never updated. It has 4.4.4 Kit Kat. So far, he likes it very much compared to what he had before.

Moto g has a good screen, no lag, good battery performance, SOT up to 6h22m, compatibility with game is good.. Water splash resistant. But it has no microsd slot.

The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars is no sd card slot and camera really should be 8mp.  Battery holds up really well so far and once you turn off battery saving feature in location settings GPS locks on quickly.  Haven't had time to really test all the features but I really like that it is Googles phone and I get the latest android updates without waiting for service provider to add there bloat before sending out OTA update.

Initially when I bought this, I was afraid that going from multiple years of premium, top-tier devices, that I would loathe using the moto g. I can honestly say I was wrong. As a lot of reviews have noted with the moto g and e, it seems motorola set out to see how much they could pack into each price point, and they managed to put in a lot.The good:-Screen - crisp, bright, excellent viewing angles.-LTE - On AT&T; it is fast (over 25mb/s consistently).-Fast Processor - A definite improvement over my Cyanogenmod-flashed Galaxy S3.-Battery Life - Easily get a day of battery life, usually at 40% after 15 hours off the charger (~2.5 hours of browsing, ~3 hours of music, ~1hr phone calls, ~15 texts, 5 push e-mail accounts, google now and wunderground syncing, with wifi on all day)- Software - I came from a rooted and cyanogenmod-flashed phone, which is very close to stock android. The minimal changes motorola has made to stock android are much appreciated and I expect the updates will be coming close behind each android release.The bad:-The Camera - Motorola seems to always have subpar cameras, and this is no exception. It is about as bad as my original htc evo 4g, but on a positive note it will force me to take my compact camera to events needing decent photos.-Grip - Slippery to hold in my hand. Hoping that the grip shell improves the feel.-Earpiece quality - Definitely sounds cheap and hollow. I will get used to it over time, but it does show where sacrifices had to be made.-Non-Replaceable Battery - This one I added just because it is right under the shell, and yet is not removable for some reason.Overall I am extremely happy with this phone. Coming from years of the &#34;latest and greatest&#34; android phones, I don't feel like I'm missing anything except for about $400 on the price tag. The sacrifices are seemingly small for the savings and overall solid functionality. I initially bought this to hold me over until the sony xperia z2 is released, but now I'm doubting that I will move off of it.

While searching for a phone to use with Straight Talk I searched and viewed 100's of phones online. The Moto G seemed like it had the price/performance I was looking for but I was wrong. This phone exceeded expectations.When I first set the phone up through straight talk I went and checked for updates. A 190MB update was available, which is the upgrade to Android 4.4.2. I was at work and elected to download over 3G data stream figuring it would take a while. This downloaded in about 5 minutes thanks to the  HSPA+ (High-Speed Packet Access Plus) network connection. It has been smooth sailing since. My batter lasts about 12-14 hours on a normal work day with little talking, social media and texting. I get about 8 hours with game play and heavy usage. The 16GB is plenty of storage especially if you use Google Drive to store photos and videos.The phone does go into a reduced state after sitting for a while saving battery I am sure. When I pick it up I get a No Internet message. A simple refresh solves this appearance of a problem.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a good featured phone with great battery at a great price. Rumor is that this style phone will not be made again due to the low or non-existent profit margins. If a new generation comes along I will probably upgrade if the price/performance makes sense. Until then I am happy with this great phone!

What an amazing phone for just 200$. Brilliant product. I am just loving it. I would recommend this product to anyone having a low budget to buy a phone.

At this price, what more to say?Competent performance with great screen. Take care not to drop it though as the screen will crack!

Good  but it can be better. Camera has a line  un medle of screen, some times phone get stuck in the Motorola logo.

I received the &iacute;tem and one of the touch lines Didnt work. I looking info the web and there are anothers users that happend the same thing. The phone is beautiful but it appears that it was a trial one.

This is a great $200 phone, but bear in mind that you will only have 10GB of storage space for the rest of the life of the phone.Almost 4GB will be used up by the operating system (unless you root it and delete apps you don't need) and you'll use up initially at least 2GB when you add the traditional apps that you'll need to use the phone as a smartphone. That leaves about 10GB for user content, which, for most of us is just fine (pictures, videos, movies, etc.). So, as long as you KNOW that you'll be missing 6GB of the 16GB after the first week, this is the BEST VALUE for a $200 phone on the planet!

Great cellphone with a pretty good price.I like my new cellphone, even more than my old iPhone 4.Anyway, If you wanna get a cellphone with low price and good performance. That's it.

Can't complain about this phone.. the price more than makes up for any deficiencies.  It is a very capable mid-range device at a great price.I would like to see a removable battery and more RAM,  but those are my only complaints!

my expectations were highest, okay but can be better. Maybe, applications go well, is pretty good for the price :-)

you never know that,it is so cheap,but so power and perfect!very nice!you never know that,it is so cheap,but so power and perfect!very nice!

Excellent smart phone and not just for the price.  Very impressed with the ergonomic feel of the phone, long-lasting + quick charging battery, & loud speakers.  Plus the camera has advanced functions that other more expensive phones don't seems to have - for example, burst shot.I got this one for my wife and now want one for myself.  I definitely recommend this phone.

Great value for the price!  My wife loves it!

I was debating what to get my sister in law for a new phone.  She was coming from an iPhone 4 and absolutely loves this thing.  The battery life is excellent, and already updated to Kit Kat 4.4.2!  Quit debating looking at this and just get it!  I run a Nexus 5 personally but could have gotten this and been just as happy!

I like Motorola Moto G( Global GSM Unlocked),it  is  very  easy to use !But 8GB memory alittle,it is recommended to buy large.

hello excellent product very good phone, fast and battery lasts a long time, all as specified, to get perfect destination on time. thank you very much

I really like my new phone. It is like having a computer in my pocket. It is easy to use. I have already recommended it to a few people.

So far I haven't experience any problems with the phone. It has everything that is required. Very spacious and the camera is exceptional. Download is fast. I will recommend.

Very Happy with my new phone. Had to take it to my service provider and have them put the settings into it before I could use data. Took a few days to figure that one out. But once all the right settings were in it. No complaints.

this phone is really amazing and the best thing is the price, I would totally recommend, motorola was updated and my association with google with that made &#8203;&#8203;them have this technology at low cost

Device did not recognize SIM cards that are recognized by other phones. I tried SIM cards from different carriers and performed factory reset but it never worked.

This phone is high cost, the system is very smooth, the screen is also good.The only drawback is the plastic frame around the screen just above the glass panel, easy to keep dust. There are the power button and volume buttons a little loose, but does not affect use.This is a very recommendable phone.

Excellent phone, no problems so far since December. the Moto G is the best phone I had so far. Highly recommend.

Is very fast, and the screen rivals my Nexus 7 tablet. For the price, it is the best phone you'll find anywhere. Have absolutely no problems with it.  It updated to Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) as soon as I logged in. Don't waste your money spending $300-400 for an unlocked phone, this is the one to get.

I bought this phone for my wife, she's very happy with it. The only downer is that the camera is just average, with problems to focus right. Amazon Prime shipped and delivered really fast.

Definitely a great buy! The Moto 4g LTE is very quick, have had this almost a week now and I love it! Got same day shipping and was playing with it that night! If you don't need an amazing camera, the money is WELL worth this phone.

the best smartphone for the best price!

it is my first use moto ,it works well,i love it ,i will buy one more time ,ok,moto g .

It has everything you would need...but I have 2 issues.1. I can't connect to anything when I'm in 4gLTE network mode. However, when, I jump down to 3g all my stuff loads perfectly fine... email... facebook...aps. I do have LTE services with my carrier so I don't really understand why it won't let me load anything using 4gLTE. The speed is still there with 3g so it isn't bugging me all that much.... but I'm curious if I'm doing something wrong.2. The most annoying issue? When people call we can't hear each other. It's just dead air. I have found just restarting the phone will fix it. But, again, curious, if I'm doing something wrong to cause this.

This is the best little phone I have ever owned. I switched to this from a simple flip phone. I only needed to charge the flip phone once a month so I was waiting for a smart phone with good battery life. I am getting about 5 days out of this phone. I turn it off every night but have been using it a lot during the day so the battery life is very impressive. It also does all of the smart-phone functions that I need very nicely and was very reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.

The moto g delivers what it promises: easy to set up, easy to use, easy to personalize, a great display, lots of battery life, and all at an affordable price.  Kudos to Motorola for making a high end phone available for the masses.

It does everything well.  It's not the fastest or the coolest, but it makes call well and is a solid android phone without all of the bloatware on other phones.  The stock android platform keeps things simple and easy to use.

pros:great voicegreat screengreat speed using appsgreat battery usage timegorilla glassglobal use99% pure andoid experience$200 price tagTMobile installed a new sim for free - it took 2 minutes.cons:7 mbps 3G versus 21 mbps LTE *yawn* - this could be slower (2G) in some TMo markets2.4 GHz wifi only - no 5GHz *yawn*note: buy a decent case - the plastic back needs love in case of a drop. It upgraded to KitKat 4.4.2 within minutes of turning it on.

This 16GB unit is for my use. I'm impressed overall by this product. With the most current Android OS it is easy and intuitive. Only downside is lack of 4G for those times it would be really needed.

Unboxing and startup was very easy.  I updated the android operating system easily.  All my favorite apps run well.  The battery life is good.  I am disappointed the battery cannot be replaced by the user.  Overall a very nice phone.  It does not seem to drop as many calls as my last one.

The best bang for your buck for $200

Excelent Phone !

Need more RAM.

My historical smartphone experience : Samsung Galaxy Wonder, Blackberry Curve, iPhone 5SLooks & feel :The phone built is premium, with edges & backpanel nicely curved to match your palm/fingers.But the weight of the phone is a bit too heavy.Display :Nice big display, any regular eyes will feel that it's a way better display compared to any phone in it's class.Speed :Very liquid, I only encounter a hiccup during 1month of using the phone.But after restarting the phone, everything went back to superfast.Camera :Don't expect too much, just a decent picture taker.Battery :A standard 1day medium usage (occasional calls, frequent texting & browsing) will give me around 10-15% of juice.Good enough for my beat.

Cheap, fast and no contract required! The screen look really good compare to my S3, battery seem ok too! No need to unlock!

best phone ever,i love it,it is better than any other phone you can buy on the market today.BEST phone ever

Graet phone for the prize I highly recommend !!!!!!!!!!!I would Compare this phone with the galaxy's and other smart phone

Only for 200 $ great phone

i wish it had more language support. it's cheap and fast. and looks good.the battery is also good and lasts for a day.

I took quite a bit of time to research this phone and I must confess it's been a revelation. The sturdy build, impressive performance and absolutely affordable price make it the bargain of the year by far. I'm loving it!

I love it a lot, Its the best phone for that price. If you are new to andriod. You should buy this phone

This phone is absolutely amazing for the price. If it broke today, I would order a new one tomorrow. To anyone who is wondering about coverage with t - mobile ----It works with a micro sim card ONLY. Do not try to use adapters. A t - mobile micro sim kit can be purchased here -[...] ---- for $10.You can use any prepaid plans with this phone, even the new activation $30 a month plan. I am currently using this plan.There is no 4g on this device. I get HSPA+ at about 80 ping, 10mb download and 1-2 mb upload which is plenty good enough for the average user.Note : You should buy a charger because this phone does not come with a wall adapter. I would recommend the official motorola charger so that your phone will be covered under warranty if there are power problems. It can be purchased on amazon for $6 here ---- http://www.amazon.com/Motorola-Wall-Charger-Micro-Cable/dp/B005LFXBJG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1390283939&sr;=8-1&keywords;=moto+g+chargerAlso, please note that your phone will probably come in an ENVELOPE not a box. This means that they will probably leave it in your mailbox. The whole package is really tiny, so don't be alarmed.

This was a Christmas gift for my son.  He loves it and keeps it on his person at all times.  His old phone broke down and this was a nice upgrade.  He watches t.v. on it as well as listen to music etc.  Oh, and he takes and makes calls too!I may be getting the 16GB version of this same phone for myself soon.  Only down side is my iTunes won't work on it... after all the  money I spent on buying that music.  Oh well.

For the price, this was great. It made switch from my old phone very simple. It's easy to use and I love that you can customize it. My only problem with it is that the battery is not user removable and there is no expandable storage. I didn't think that would be a problem, but I took a lot of pictures and it would be nice to have a card. Overall, very nice. Sturdy, pretty, and a great phone.

1.the Packaging is so  suck2.Mobile phone system is not so smooth3.no charger&#65311;4.Mobile phone some partial thickness5.Back arc design is not good

A nice and endurable phone, I'm not a heavy user. It can meet all my need with a reasonable price.

Only bad thing that I noticed is that the phone sucks in dust a lot... don't know why. I don't have particularly dusty room or anything.Otherwise the phone is as good as the specs say. Thou after installing Android 4.4 (KitKat) I had only 11Gb storage left. But it's quite enough.So no complains. For it's price, the best.

For someone with $ 300, is the best option. Why buy a good phone and spare to buy good accessories. As battery pack, case, cables on the go, pen drive 32g.Fast operating system, very good camera, excellent sound. Cover very well finished.

Hello, I have had this Moto G for about three months. I like unlocked phones because it gives me the freedom to choose phone carriers and not be locked in for two years.  The phone is good. I like the size, and the most important aspect is the making and receiving calls is clear and easy to hear.  I like phones that are logical and easy to use, and this phone after a few weeks is ok. I like the FM radio aspect to listen to News and music as well.  The camera is decent enough for taking not too complicated pictures. I'm an average phone user, and I noticed that the battery lasts about a day. The OS takes a lot of battery to run. Not too good!Google operating system is another issue.  I have doubts.  It reminds me of Mircosoft.  There are constant updates and it's tiresome, and tedious to reveiw each one and I usually just click yes to all of them.  I noticed that with the updates, I get spam mail. It could be from Motorola, or a third party somehow, but I believe it comes from Google.  It's annoying. I paid for a phone, not to have Google bombard me with unwanted adds.  I think is sneaky and low clase.  My Mac is a Closed Universe, and I rarely get updates and I never get spam.  Google is constantly trying to get me to sign up for Google plus, G mail, and Chrome. I see their reasoning, but I prefer not to be dependent with Google.  I was initially, before buying a Google software, an admirer of Google. The owners, the competitive edge, and ease to googling something.  Now, with the OS system, it's constant updates and spam.  I paid for a phone. I don't need sale pitches. I'm no longer a big fan of Google OS on cells.My service provider is AT&T; pay as I go.  It's  ok. I too get unwanted spam from AT&T.;  The service is good, and easy to use every month. No drop calls.Overall, Good phone, but bad battery in my opinion. I plan to use it for a year, then get another unlock phone.  Maybe an unlocked I phone.  Good luck!Cheers!

I just love this phone. This is my 1st Android phone and I still need to get used to lots of things but nevertheless I'm very satisfied with virtually every aspect. Motorola/Google prooved good things don't need to be expensive.

I really like this phone! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice phone with a reasonable price.

It was everything I expected.and more!!  So glad I bought this phone. Calls are crystal clear, great camera and video, longer battery life.  You won't be disappointed in this phone.  My son said he wants one!

quite perfect in everything:monitor A+++battery Bcpu  Aram  Bcamera B--the camera is the only weak point but is good at all

Very nice Cell Phone, and am just learning to use Android Smart devices.  Really happy I ordered the 16 GB model, and am finding my carrier Consumer Cellular is a great carrier for this phone.

I recommend it, its really a very good phone comparing with price. i am using is since 6 months and i am so comfortable.

Best phone for the price. Everything is very responsive and it's a great size. A bit on the heavier side of phones though.

the phone is very nice.  it arrived, as promised within a few days.  I am happy with the features (unlocked) and price, and would recommend it for someone who wants a mid-range andriod without the steep price of a slightly larger screen

Best phone for the price outright. Also it has stock android as Google intended it. Performs like a high end phone for a prepaid price. Really blown away....good job Motorola.

In this price I think this is the best smartphone. it's little bit heavier than Nexus but still very good deal.. Google Rocks :-)

It is the best! Good screen, normal size and very fuster then my old phone. I am happy! Motorola quality is good!

Good phone, but wifey didn't like android system.  Did everything a smartphone did.  I played around with it and liked it, but didn't like some aspect of the android system that you can not change.

it's good. I like it, just perfect. For me, it is enough. Thanks, it is wonderful. Good, it's very nice.

Pros:- Screen: The screen on this phone is simply amazing and it rivals the screen on Nexus 4 (another phone that I've owned).- Speed: The quad-core processor and 1GB RAM are more than enough for day-to-day usage and I have not experienced any hiccup.- Battery: One of the best battery life among the Android phones.- Build quality: It doesn't feel cheap at all and has considerable heft.Cons:- 2GB RAM would have been a good thing, even with a $10-20 price increase.- A 32 GB option is not there.Overall, this is the best Android phone for the price this cheap. It is an ideal gift to parents or to kids.

I got it two days before I flew out to Australia. My brother ordered it off amazon as a gift for me. I think its a great phone.pros: fast, sleek, wifi is greatcons: no 4g but that is listed.would have given 5 stars but I did not receive a charger with the phone and it also didn't work with my provider (virgin mobile) in Australia, so I had to move to another. So far I have tried, Telstra, Vodaphone, and Optus sim cards and they all work.

Gift for my mom and happy that she is satisfied using it due to the big screen. AlhamdulillahNippy Processor for the budget.And above all, the phone is running on 4.4.2 Kitkat!

Great phone for the price. Replaced my iPhone 4, transferred contacts and calendar with a utility supplied by Motorola, connected with H2O Wireless and save myself $70.00 per month. Better reception than iPhone 4 on the AT&T network.Voice calls are VERY clear, fewer dropped calls. Only thing missing is 4G and I don't miss the faster speed. Great battery life and build quality. Overall, I am delighted with this purchase.

Really am loving this new phone. Great features, super sound quality, decent battery life.

You really can't ask for much with this phone. It's really worth the price you get. Paying this price for a phone that has the latest Android update is wonderful (currently on KitKat 4.4.3). One thing that shocks me about this phone is the battery life but I'm guessing the battery life is good since its a 3g phone and not a 4g phone. Can't think of anything bad to say about this phone. Just hate it lacks the active display features like the Moto x but what do you expect.

Just a bit on heavier side, but no complaints. Nothing can match price, quality and performance. Just go for it!!

My daughter loved the phone and she now has me talked into getting one since they're back on the market Thank you for such a smooth transition.Kandy Holubec

Google magic once again. Great phone and great features. Global use is impressive. Easy to use. Only android platform and super fast. Only problem I noticed compared to my Iphone before is little bit less reception when it comes to network signal. Internet is good. Contact sync and other features are excellent.

I do like the phone but was disappointed with the camera.  I find the zoom feature clumbsy to use.

Again an unlocked phone with KitKat at a great price...buying this as a back up phone is even a good move...you can't beat the value. The more people get away from contracts the better...go for it!KitKat is really nice ahhh 4.4.2 so sweet!

I got this phone 2 months ago through a Net10 dealer, and it came equipped for 4G with an AT&T; capable SIM card in it. So far the only thing I don't like about it is the battery life; it barely lasts all day for light background use (periodic checking of messages, with Wi-Fi turned off) and for heavier use it only lasts a couple hours before it has to be charged up.That said, I think it's a fantastic phone for the money. It's my second smartphone ever (my first one was a piece of crap) so I'll give my experience with it. I got one of the Motorola magnetic cases for it so it closes up to protect it and feels a little more substantial/less likely to be dropped by my clumsy self (or has some protection when I go horseback riding and I don't want it to get broken easily). I was thrilled to discover that it has an FM receiver and an appropriate app available to scan for local FM stations so you can *actually use it like a walkman*! Which it seems most phones don't necessarily have that ability. It's great for if you want to listen to something off a data connection. The chip has proven large enough to have several videos and several Amazon Prime music albums on it, so you can use it to take video or as an mp3 player. I was pleasantly surprised that it worked with Prime Music since I was thinking that the new service might be available offline on Amazon tablets exclusively, but that is not the case it turns out.I like the zippiness of the device. It's sufficiently quick for everything I do and does a fair job of multi-tasking. I'm not sure if it's an android thing or a device-specific thing but changing from air-data to wi-fi causes it to refresh certain apps, so if I am on a Line conversation, it will hang up when I turn on wi-fi. Or on Facebook it will freeze and make me refresh. That may just be an android thing, and I'm enough used to it, it doesn't bother me (though my iOS buddies tell me my phone must suck because it does that.) The voice recognition is excellent, with the integration of Google Now, and so is the audio quality. It's a great device for actually *talking* on like a *real phone*, not just doing smart phone things.The one I got through Net10 is supposedly a 4G/LTE capable version. I have not yet had it show me that 4G was available but that is probably a Net10 issue and the speeds I am getting even on the 3G network are almost as quick as wi-fi, depending on my location, so I have no complaints for the air speed. In fact sometimes at home where my wi-fi is often unreliable, I switch off the wi-fi entirely and use the data connection lag-free. In my area the AT&T; version has the slight edge on T-Mobile, coverage wise, so I get coverage in a great deal of places. It's almost as good as Verizon coverage and sometimes better (with a few rural locations being the exception).There doesn't appear to be a micro-sd slot on this phone (if there is one internally I haven't looked) but that does not really bother me since I don't use much of the disk space and am OCD about cleaning up old files I no longer want. I could plug this into my laptop and backup my files quite easily.Anyway after having researched it thoroughly, and now owned it for a couple months, I can definitively recommend this phone to the low-price users as it definitely has the best bang for the buck.

Pretty much the only bad thing is the s*** camera, the lack of SD slot is a pain, but liveable

love the phone so far but it's compatible with a sandisk ultra 32gb microsd. i tried everything to get it to work. i am not the only one with this issue.i switched to a samung 16gb microsd and now everything is fine. this is pretty lame because i bought that sandisk just for this phone. now i have to return it and settle more a smller capacity. hopefully motorola can release a firmware to fix this?

Love my new smartphone.  Does everything I need.  Only negative is that screen is hard to read in strong light, but that's minor.  Very reasonable price compared to other phones.  Love that I can use overseas with local SIM card.

Pros: Great price, fast processor, ability to use the phone with any carrier that has a micro sim card,user friendly menu very easy to setup, good quality speakers, nice camera, functional design and screen size.Cons: No 4g lte, no micro sd card slot.

Fabulous phone! I came from an iPhone 5 and, dare I say, the overall experience of Android 4.4 puts it at the same level if not higher than the iPhone. I picked up a Straight Talk SIM and the $45 a month plan and I am getting fantastic data speeds. The screen is great and the speaker on the phone is very nice. It's also a great feeling knowing that I am not tied down to a contract with a big carrier.

DO NOT LIKE HOW THE CALENDAR AND CONTACTS ARE ARRANGED FOR THIS PHONE.  NOT MUCH OPTIONS AND KINDA TECHNICAL TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO ADD CONTACTS.  BATTERY TOO RUNS DOWN QUICKLY.  APART FROM THOSE THINGS I LIKE THE PHONE.

This phone is solid overall, and using it has been overall a quality experience.Unboxing: Small guide- Phone and cable (note Motorola cuts corners with no wall charger.)Sim: I got a T-mobile Sim card. my understanding from reading the web, is t-mobile is the main carrier which requires getting the US version. otherwise get the international version.Compared to friends who have phones which off contract cost $600+, this phone feels solid and I haven't had a major issue. Listened to streaming music in the car, had clear calls. Overall phone is feature rich, and I love new android.Downsides- No 2 sim card slots (some sites said this was on the phone. A little less sleek that it's expensive cousin (the Moto x) No 4g lteGreat value for the $

I ordered this phone a few weeks ago & immediately got the 4.4 update. This has been the MOST COMPLETE cell phone I've ever had. & that says a lot since I switched from a Galaxy Note 2. I haven't had a single problem with this phone yet. You can't find a better phone at a better price.

Awesome. Just awesome! I really reccomend this phone guys! If you want a cheap and powerful cellphone this is your phone!

What an idiot would make a phone without supporting Chinese language?I bought this phone for my parents and now have to return it back. Motorola disappoints me. Will never buy a moto phone again.

Product quality has been excellent. This product Google Motorola Moto G is perfectly suited to the needs of telephony celualr efficiently. I have made &#8203;&#8203;several physical tests, performance installed applications and running at a time and the results have been satisfactory. I love it because I render an excellent performance of tasks, space, communication and personal assistant in work and daily activities. I definitely love this product and recommend it as it fits well and offers very good features.

Very economical and affordable but not cheap looking.  Instead it looks smart and cool.The weight and size is perfectly fit to hold on hand.  The screen resolution is  clear and sharp, and the phone quality is very good.

I have only had one software glitch with my Moto G. The battery suddenly dropped from 80 percent to 0 in less than a minute.  I recharged the device and it is been solid ever since.  I guess it was a software issue with Google Services. The 4.4.2 update was waiting for me as soon as I pulled it from the box.  Put the GEL and Dialer from the Nexus 5 on it and it is like a mini-Nexus 5.  I would still use the phone if I wasn't given a Moto X.Pros:Battery LifePriceDurableScreen is HDQuad Core processorCamera is actually impressive when you make HDR auto.Things that might bother some people:No NFC (I actually use it, which is why I upgraded to the Moto X.)No LTE (this isn't a problem for me. I found HSPA+ speeds to be good enough.)Cons:Camera (if you are coming from a flagship, you'll notice the drop. . I have used the Moto X, Nexus 4/5, HTC One and Galaxy S4 this year. I didn't mind the camera cause the apps I use (instagram, vine) still work with it.)Screen (it is only 720HD. Same reasons as the camera. I didn't bother me.  Again, that wasn't a bad number a year ago. It isn't a bad number now...)1 GB of ram. (again, last year this was ok. For the average user, you won't notice 1 gb from 3gb. 3gbs are for people who play GTA on their phone. ).I don't make a big deal of on board storage, because I use the cloud.  If you need extra space onboard, I would stick with the 16gb. Which is really 12 gb of space.

Great phone for the price paid.

I purchased this for my mom, for a friend, and for a cousin. I have to say I am very impressed with this little device. Just so you know where I'm coming from, my cell phone history starts with my current Nexus 5, Nexus 4, Galaxy S3, Galaxy Nexus, Blaze 4G... and it goes on and on and on. I am a smart phone aficionado, and this little thing impresses me.The screen has great viewing angles, and looks great in general. I dare say I like the color and viewing angles better than on my Nexus 5. The blacks don't become a light grey at the extreme corner angles. Obviously, my 5" 1080p is more of a pleasure to use than the 4.5" 720p overall, but I had to comment on just how rich and beautiful the Moto G display is. The size means that it has a PPI of about 329. The iPhone 5's retina display, for comparison, sits at 326ppi. The vast majority of people will need no more than what this display has to offer. And, AND... it's wrapped in Gorilla Glass 3. Not that it should really matter that much, I've had Gorilla Glass scratch and seen it shatter so it isn't a super material... but some people will be glad to have it.The Quad Core 1.2Ghz Snapdragon 400 was fast enough for me. According to some benchmarks I've seen, it supposedly runs about as fast as the Nexus 4. The difference seems to be that this CPU simply sips on the battery. But, I'll get to more on that later. The GPU seemed fast enough for me on the benchmarks I'd run. Not the fastest, but by no means slow. The device doesn't have as much RAM at 1GB as higher end phones which tend to come in at 2GB. However for the average person this will not matter. Android's memory management is pretty good. While a power user might be able to occasionally catch blips associated to the lack of extra ram, the average user will never see it.For a casual user, the battery life will simply be phenomenal. My own mom, with some light-ish use on mostly 3G network access did 21% battery use over 24 hours, and 55% over 3 days before charging. That's just crazy. Simply bananas. As a disclaimer, I bought 4 phones total and ran into a bug on one of my phones (that others have reported as well on some units) where a full discharge of the battery was not able to be recharged from fully dead without some serious fiddling. I managed to get that phone charging again and decided to try and run the battery down (testing) and I ran into problems. I couldn't tax the battery. I ran benchmarks, 3D intensive simulations, etc... the thing would not give up it's battery. I'm returning the questionable phone, but given that there are bad eggs in any production batch, I'm not docking any stars. I think this phone is worth the 5 stars, regardless of the occassional bad build.Cons? There's no "advanced" features. There's no LTE (4G) radio on board. There's no NFC sensor for sharing links or doing financial transactions. There's no wireless charging, nor any 802.11ac support for the WiFi. However the average user might not really care about, or need, those things. LTE would've been nice, and most people have been convinced that they need 4G in their lives. However many are reporting real-life 3-4Mb/s transfer rates on their Moto G's... I get 12Mb/s on my DSL. How much speed do you really need to check the weather? I don't see how NFC didn't make the cut, but I guess at the price I can't complain. I'm not wild that the volume rocker is on the same side as the power button, but that's not a big deal.Pros? This phone feels great in the hand. It has a good weight. I never liked the ultra-light feel of the samsung flagship phones. The phone feels solid despite having a user removable back plate. Oh, and you can replace the back plate with colorful replacements, or flip covers, or what have you.For most anyone, this will be an absolutely fantastic choice. Don't be afraid, just buy it.

When my cheap phone finally died after years of abuse, I was in a bind. Not wanting to spend $300-$600 on something that ultimately sits in my pocket all day I was about ready to purchase something that would have been impressive for 2001. Then I came across this.For $200, you get a pretty good phone. Make no illusions, this is not top of the line. It is, however, ideal if you are the type of person that uses a phone for rudimentary things like calling, texting, emailing and internet browsing. It manages to do all of those without issue.The one pit fall of this phone is that the camera is pretty bad by today's standard. That being said, the world has seen enough of your crappy vacation/family pictures. Think of that as a blessing.

Not much else to say regarding this powerful-nice-smartphone, that hasn't been said already before, it&#8217;s just one of the best medium range hardware for a low range price, I am very surprise with the screen quality and quick response, so far very glad with my purchase.

The Moto G is so good,it's beautiful&#65292;Feel is very good and the system smoothly,delivery fast,so i'm very very love it.

Same size as Samsung S3Very fastLow quality camera at night, good when it's day.Good quality display.Lasts for the whole day.Sufficient memory.

The good:- Powerful- Economic- Absolutely feels like a premium device- Economic- Clean, no non-sense vanilla stock android experience- Did I mention economic?The no-so-good- The camera could be better- My friends are jealous I have such a cool phone for such a cheap price

I had originally purchased a Galaxy S5 and after a few weeks decided I spent way too much for a phone of that quality. Decided to buy the Moto G because it has an unlockable bootloader. I am very impressed with this device overall. Superior build quality, quick performance, and very good battery life. I notice very little difference between this and the S5 when browsing processor intensive web pages. This phone really really showed me you don't need the latest CPU and the most RAM to have lag-free interface and snappy performance. At $170 new, this phone is impossible to beat. If you drop it you do not have to worry about buying a new $600 phone. It seriously makes me question why I ever paid for flagship devices in the past.

I bought both of my parents a Moto G for Christmas and it's great. It's incredible value for the price. The 720p screen is really good: very sharp and not overly saturated or washed out. The size and weight feel very good in the hand. Software is damn near stock Android and it's got KitKat!!The only thing it's really missing is 4G LTE, but T-Mobile's HSPA+ is very, very good. I'm the next iteration will have LTE, because I'm not sure how else this phone could get better.

I'll never splash out a fortune for a premium phone but I can't believe I now have such a good device for this price. I keep expecting someone to notice the mistake and correct the price.I don't have the perspective of a premium phone user, I'm sure they will have niggles and nitpicks that I don't have. So bear that in mind when reading my comments.I am still amazed I can pull this phone out and look at my bookmarked traffic report in Chrome in seconds and get out the door. On an incredibly large, clear and crisp screen. No sticking and freezing as I scroll through Facebook. I have about 16 additional apps installed with no noticeable degradation. My previous "budget" huawei G300 was crippled at that point.Everything so far has been a premium experience. It isn't a budget phone where everything screams budget. It is a quality feeling phone with a budget price tag achieved through specific well documented limitations (no expansion slot, no NFC, basic camera etc). If you are happy to accept those those limitations and have no desire to pay more for them this, in my opinion, is an amazing device.

This is fourth and best smart phone I've owned. It has an excellent balance of battery life and performance.Pros:1. Great battery life2. Stock Android (NO BLOATWARE)3. Regular OS Updates4. Decent quality camera5. Solid feeling build qualityCons:1. The headphone jack could output a little louder, but it hasn't really been an issues.

I had a problem! the phone has a week of having come to Venezuela and the screen was placed me in red! this well and the color begins to be red until a point not seen anything! that hurts was an excellent team, not if have warranty for having bought by Amazon and Venezuela be but people should be more aware Motorola that

Excellent phone! I love it!Just one little issue that you can experience, it looks that for some devices, the screen may show some yellow annoying pixels when the image to show contain white colors.I found a lots of forums talking about this issues, and the only fix that I found (in XDA) was install the app (from google play) Screen Filter, and set the filter to 80% ... and that's all, all yellows pixels are gone now!I really hope that this issue will be a software problem and not a hardware one.

the shipping is fastThe phone is very compact, fast, fluid, good screengood battery performance.negative:camaraNo NFCbut if the phone is amazing and more at this price

Good phone for money

Best phone out there for the money. Clear calls consistent internet and durable. Awesome phone. The screen is great and I'm not in a contract and didn't have to pay 600/700 for a great phone. Worth it, I would buy again if it was lost or stolen.editing to add one other thing the phone is also water resistant. Which is a feature not found on many phones

Best value for the money!

This is very efficient in handling everyday tasks such as calling, sending text messages, using the internet and playing games. The games run very smooth no frames are dropping, and quality is very good; however the camera is a little bit of a disappointment. The quality is not even decent, it's ok, but for a person like me who doesn't use the camera a lot it's not a big deal. Android 4.4.2 Kitkat provides a stellar user experience with no apps crashing. I enabled google now by installing KitKat launcher after the original update, and now I am able to use voice control by saying &#34;ok google&#34;.I would definitely recommend the Moto G to anyone who wants a new phone and doesn't want to spend a lot of money!

Great phone for the price. The battery life is good. The phone feels good in your hand. the processor is great a s well

Great phone for a great price! If you want a cheap android phone this is the one! Latest Android updates and all!

This is basically a high-end phone at a really low price!! It is really fast with loading anything. Most apps open pretty much instantly. Upgrade to 4.4 software was simple and it works great! Battery life and performance with 4.4 is simply outstanding. The battery on this phone lasts longer than any other phone I've seen. There's very little bloatware on this phone, which is PERFECT!

Amazing quality phone, especialy for the price. Handles all the tasks that average user throws at it, with ease. Even camera, while not extraordinary makes very nice photos.

A great phone for everyone who want &#34;test&#34; a pure Android phone. Only $200, great screen, great performance, recommended! :D

It is wonderful for my budget and requirement both, I'm not very much concern about the features missing compared to Moto X. This phone completely fair choice for its price. I spent many days looking for finding a phone which matches to my budget under $200, this one was the best one I found.

This phone is a hidden gem! Works very well for the fraction of the price compare to the other smart phones. Perfect fit, ideal size and all functions as described in the Specification. Takes good quality pictures. I would say that the phone exceeded my expectations.

100 points to Motorola with this phone. Good graphics, fast processing speed, latest android versin (througt upgrade), low resource cosumption. Anyway, you get a great phone, for a very competitive price. A resume:2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900; CDMA 800 / 1900 (CDMA version). 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100;HSDPA 850 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - for T-Mobile, AT&T CDMA2000 1xEV-DO (CDMA version) Micro-SIM; Released 2013, November;Dimensions 129.9 x 65.9 x 11.6 mm (5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 in) Weight 143 g (5.04 oz);DisplayType IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors;Size 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches; No Card slot; Camera Primary 5 MP, 2592  1944 pixels, autofocus, LED flash,Video 720p@30fps, stereo sound rec.,Secondary camera 1.3 MP; OS Android OS, v4.3 (Jelly Bean), upgradable to v4.4.2 (KitKat); CPU Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 and Non-removable Li-Ion 2070 mAh battery.

This phone is really superb. You just cannot beat the price. I really loved it. The 4.5 &#34; screen is bright, nice colors, very handy and looks great in your hand. The 1.2 GHz quad core processor is fast and 1 GB of RAM truly supports it. Its a very good phone for the people who do not want to spend 500-600 bucks. Great camera and it takes nice pictures.. Flash is also good.. The only con I noticed is there is microSD slot and camera takes a second or two to focus. But at this price you can't expect more.. and it's an unlocked phone....I believe this is the best android phone in the market at the price..If you go to any other manufacturer for same spec, I bet you will have to pay 70-80 bucks more. Google and Motorola have done really a great job. I would definitely recommend this phone for people who don't want to spend heavy amount for a phone.

this a great product.  almost everything you would spend 4 or six hundred dollars for.  Why get anything else.  Love it

just got mine yesterday .. i didn't thought moto g will looks like this .. high build quality! high performance! and the most thing i liked is &#34; wait for it :P &#34; the Speaker!!!with this price and u get this performance ? really thank u motorola and google!and there is something u might like .. the battery! it is so nice! u don't have to charge ur phone everyday .. it's been 34 since i charged my phone and still 20% &#34; i was downloading and installing application with WIFI &#34;

Its really a doog phone, except for the camera which ins't very good but aside from that, it's a incredibly good deal for the price of the phone, it runs smoothly.

This phone is a simple, yet fast and elegant phone.  Wonderful Screen, powerful processor, fast ram, and it does everything any phone does.  What more can i say.

I bought this phone because I needed a phone and there is somethings I wished they put in the phone like a better camera and wood backs but the hardware is great got kit kat for the phone their is some bugs but that is the software because it did not do dose bugs on jelly bean so if your app crashes don't blame the phone

First the phone is everything I expected, a good inexpensive phone with decent specs and great 720p display which is what really anyone needs. Wish it had LTE but still a good phone. Second shipping was amazing. I ordered next day since I needed a phone badly, got phone in 12 hours enough said

I purchased this phone only after many positive reviews , Unfortunately after I got the phone which worked well for all of one week . iIt now cannot easily connect to any available wifi open connection . If it does connect by any miracle it will stay connected if I am am close to the router as soon as I move just one foot away the connecting is gone .I regret buying this phone and will not recommend it to anyone as I have learnt through my own frustrations that many other customers experience this very problem . I have tried all the options given to me to try and rectify this problem but NOTHING worked for me . My worst purchase ever !

It's perfect for my son, I will buy it and love it, says it's the best phone currently on medium to high range it's perfect for him!

This is really the best Android phone out there and the price was unbelievable. The only shortcoming is indoor pictures are of poor quality but that isn't much of an issue for me. I have had no battery or volume issues as some have reported. The phone has never locked up and the 720 quality screen is spectacular. We liked it so much that my spouse now has one also.

The phone is build and works as a mid-range to low-end phone but at the price of a low-end handset. Great performance and screen resolution. The call quality is decent and the camera is OK. for a budget phone.One of its best features is that it comes with the latest version of stock Android.Greatest price/value.

I've used an android tablet before and hated it.  I've been a long-time Apple product devotee and was very suspicious of switching to this phone.  However, I find I use it way more often than my ipod touch for every day internet searching and apps.  I'm really pleased with the interface and quickness of the phone.  I've heard Google is selling Morotola, which is a real shame because this is a great product!

Got this and i have played around with it for a few days. There is no lag at all unless you will loading it up with 600 apps.  This phone is perfect for everyone for the price, yes there are drawbacks no LTE no NFC 5mp camera but hey as long as you are on ATT you will see good speeds everywhere in the nation.  The camera does a decent job for what its worth.The screen is amazing, brightness is great.Please do get this phone and live happily.

Cellphone was delivered as promised.  Bought it last week, so far I do not have any complaints.  This phone is weighs less compared to other smart phone of this league.

Overheated poor quity

I really like this phone, for the price it's one of the best nowadays. The package was very safe  and the phone came sealed in its box.

I really like this phone&#65292;Hope to cooperate again&#12290;I hope motorola persistent efforts&#12290;If you have headphones and charger, then it perfect

For a user like me, with larger devices and a laptop nearby, and wi-fi coverage available 80% of the time, anything more than the Moto G is gravy.Still, specs are specs, and I was skeptical: no LTE, no 5 GHz wi-fi band, a slower chip, a mediocre camera spec. Reviews here on Amazon convinced me to get a Moto G anyway. I can't believe how good this device is. Here's a list of what I find impressive:Screen: reminiscent of my Nexus 7 in colors and crispness, and the 4.5" size is a perfect compromise for the pocketBattery life: offering two days per charge for my settings and usage patternsForm factor: easy to hold, light enough, with durable plastic that requires no case over itSpeed: Kit-Kat runs very fast, well-optimized for the slower chipset, just a little slower than my Nexus 7Speaker: loud, clear, and placed on the back (not the bottom like my iPhone, where my finger sometimes blocked it)Software: no bloat, and the helpful Moto apps make this version better than Google Play version, IMOCall quality: fine so farCell/wi-fi/GPS radios: have always found a signal quickly, no drops yet after a monthCamera: honestly haven't taken one photo yet, but good to know there isn't a battery drain bug here like on the Nexus 5In a battle of low-midrange phones, the Moto G beats my iPhone 4S in every possible way. And as Moto G gets updated, you could theoretically buy this phone every year, keep this level of performance, and still save hundreds over owning an Android flagship.The only catch, will Lenovo realize what an amazing deal it is and change this winning Moto G formula? Let's hope not.

good phone works perfect

Bought this phone to replace a one year old Galaxy S4 from T-Mobile that quit working. I always buy my phones outright no contract and after my experience with the S4 I was not willing to drop $600 on another flagship phone. I am glad I didn't.Pros: Fast data 30+ Mbps down, 14+ upGood call qualityExpandable memory micro SDcard slot. Why every device does not have this IDK.No bloatwareGreat interface, almost vanilla android. Very snappy interface. Much faster than the bloated, laggy S4Excellent Feel in hand. Nice curved back very natural in hand. Good weight feels very solid. S4 felt like a plastic toyAndroid OS very up to date.Excellent screen very clear, pretty, easy to read (same pixel density as the apple "retina" display)GPS super fast and accurate locksTons of accessories available cases, screen protectors etc. Original Moto G non LTE accessories fit.Super easy setup and migration of data from old phone sms, call logs etc. using built in app Motorola MigrateBattery life is descentCons: Camera takes descent pictures. I am satisfied with them but if you are serious about your  cell photos it may not be enough4.5 inch Screen size is great side by side with an iphone but moving from the s4 it took a little adjustment.Non removable battery. To me this is annoying I like consumer serviceable batteries, but really have no need to remove it.No NFCOverall I am glad I bought this phone. I was looking at this phone versus buying a $650 S5. I think for me this is a much better choice. I don't like that all the flagship phones are loaded up with so much bloat and wow gadgets that never get used. All they do is slow the phone down. Non of the cons really bother me either. The phone does what I need it to do, make phone calls, navigate quickly accurately, search the web and find info needed quickly when away from a computer, and has a battery that lasts at least a day.

I suppose it all depends on your expectations and experience, but I think this phone meets every criterion I considered important when I ordered it, and then some. My primary intention was to get an unlocked phone so I could ditch the contract paradigm, save money, and still enjoy reasonably good access to the Internet, email, and media while on the go. In the week since I've had it, it has managed to do all of these things (and then some) *almost* flawlessly.Yes, the battery could last just a bit longer - but 14+ hours off the charger is easily typical. The &#34;automatic&#34; setting for screen brightness is a bit dim in a lot of daytime settings, but one can always turn up the brightness when it's crucial, and the quality of the screen, as many reviewers have noted, is excellent. The quality of the camera is sub-par if you're comparing it to the typical point-and-shoot, but if you mostly use it for snapshots for sharing on social media sites, it's more than adequate. I have had a few apps crash or hang briefly when multiple apps are running, but in general, the navigation experience is silky smooth. I was just slightly bummed that it doesn't have a multi-colored notification LED, but that's inessential. Some people may find 16GB a bit small for non-expandable storage, but inexpensive cloud storage makes this much less of a concern.If it sounds like I'm making excuses for the Moto G, it shouldn't. I have been totally impressed with the performance of this phone from day one and consider each of these quibbles truly minor. Even at a higher price point, I would consider it well worth the money - but the fact that I've cut my monthly phone bill in half makes it a ridiculously good bargain, even though nothing about the Moto G from its build quality to its day-to-day performance feels like a &#34;budget&#34; phone.

Its a great product, but for the budget! This phone is far from perfect, but it does suit all my needs and is cheap compared to other leading brands. Amazing.

First off, I knew this phone was not going to take very detailed pictures. I wanted to test this phone out and see if it would be good for music and decent with photos. Unfortunately it's not the phone for me.PROS-Amazing picture quailty- I was definitely surprised by the picture quality of this phone. This was stunning and good for the price. It was looking like a higher end $300 phone.Stock OS- This Kitkat android OS was pretty clean and fast. It has some Motorola bloatware, which I didn't expect to have. It was not too intrusive to be a con.Battery- Was just great, and I am sure the Motorola's software helps with the battery being so good. High end phones just end up draining quick with heavy usage, this does not.CONS-WiFI- This seems to be a problem with this particular phone with others that use it frequently. It is just slower which causes streaming video apps to not display high quality videos. I also have had disconnections with YouTube and WiFi shutting off completely. I have tested multiple phones to make sure it was not my router/internet connection. This is one of the MUST upgrades for this phone since it has a fixed storage. If you can't fit a lot of media on the device your options are going to sway towards streaming.RAM- Only 1GB of ram and I think this causes some of my high quality 720p videos that I put on the device to be a bit laggy. You can barely notice it, but during high actions scenes I tend to notice. It could be the processor? but I am leaning towards it being a RAM problem.Music Audio- This was the biggest con for me, videos for MOST people wouldn't even notice the very slight lag. I am not talking about the speaker on the device either. I EXPECTED that to be bad, but the internal audio card was just a piece of junk. I plugged my Bose earbuds in this and I heard an echo sounding music. It felt weak and not fulfilling. I have an LG Optimus V which is an old android phone(that I have seen on sale for as low as $30) which had better quality music audio than this phone.  Movies and videos however, I thought the audio was good though(oddly). I have tried Pandora and downloaded higher quality music to test the phone out.Minor Con-Storage- is limited, will have to stream mostly. This is a minor con to me since I have internet everywhere xD. To some others I see this being a bigger con.In conclusion I gave this device 3 stars because of the amazing picture quality on the phone, the price, and just being a good deal overall. This phone is plain and simple- not for people who listen to a good amount of music or take a decent amount of photos with. I didn't list the camera as a con since it was to be expected decent(which it was). If they make these upgrades and bump the price a little, I am sure this phone would be just perfect. There would be very little reason for the causal phone user to get another phone. I recommend getting the Galaxy S3 for Virgin Mobile which is $220($20 more than 16gb Moto G) on Amazon for the 16GB version. The camera, music audio, and WiFi is FAR superior than this device. The con is that you would have to go with that specific carrier VM which uses Sprint. I live in a big city(no problem with lack of coverage) and they charge $35 for 300minutes+unlimted text+2.5gbs of 4G LTE(then reduced to lower speeds after that). Other carries did interest me a bit more, but I don't need better service. I don't live in God's country (Western Kansas)

it's very suitable for my expectation.I have orderd here cause there's no way to buy it from my country.Moto G is not super-dooper-excellent gadget, but I could use it as same as I used iPhone.

My wife buy this phone and I test the phone I really like it. Its beatiful black. good choice and for the price.

It was well made, and the hand feeling is nice. It is almost perfect except the camera. The camera should update to 8M pixels rather than the dimmed 5M camera. 199$ could buy a nice phone with a 8M pixels camera. By the way, the camera interface is hard to use. So I have never taken photos by this camera for those two reasons above.

Great phone. Good price, nothing wrong with it. Been using it daily for a couple months. Battery life is very good too.

Beyond my expectation.If only it can use SD cards, or double SIM cards, or... After all I don't regret buying it.

Good phone at decent price + performance !I replaced my iPhone as I needed an Android(Google) phone to sync with work.Only complaint is batter drainage whereit needs charge every 2-3 days.

the smarfphon of a few months of use I this off in your pocket and still not know what is the cause

This was a gift to my girlfriend who really uses her phone to make phone calls and play the casual game .... i have a high end phone and was surprised at how well this phone handles in comparison ... it feels nice in the hand... call quality is great ... overall for the value nothing really compares... she realllly likes the phone :-)

Very Wood. Excelent phone. Thans you rapid aplications and very speed for cell phone my company phone very very Wood. Bye

I have had the phone for a week now and overall I am very pleased.  I use my tablet or computer, when doing more in depth reading or working online.  I am not someone who likes spending hours on their phone or watching movies or too many videos, I don't feel that the screen is large enough to be comfortable for that purpose.I use my phone primarily for:- Quickly looking things up online (not a lot of surfing)- Google Maps/GPS/Driving directions- Alerts (Facebook/Meet Up events/texts/email)- Streaming music in my car (Last FM)Drawbacks to the Moto G (for me)- Lack of 4G (the phone is only 3G) does not bother me.  It feels faster than my older Samsung, and just as fast as my daughter's new Samsung that does have 4G.  Like I said, I don't do heavy web surfing on my phone.Pluses- Just the right size - You can use it with one hand/ fits in the pocket of your jeans without being too large (like a Samsung 3 or Note)- Super speedy - Apps load very fast!- The interface is helpful and easy to use - I love how through the google app, it alerts me to the current weather, my best commuting options (based on the time of day - Somehow it seems to know my work schedule), stock alerts all in one place and pushed to me based on preferences. Also, the alerts (the pull down menu at the top of the screen) are very helpful and include alters from my apps and a summary of a most recent email, so you can get the gist without opening the app. I cannot tell you how unexpected and nice this has been!- Initial set up was a breeze, their is an app to help you transfer everything over from your old phone.  Also, it prompts you to update the softwareSome others may already be familiar with the newer android interface, but I upgraded from the original Galaxy.  They quit updating the OS a long time ago, so this is a big step up for me.Bottom line, this is a great phone, not just a great cheap phone. Buy this one and spend your hard earned dollars on a tablet for web surfing.

Excellent phone, very, very fast! The best phone I ever had.

Unbelievable phone for the price. It has it's downfalls (the camera, being the most obvious), but it performs better and is more enjoyable to use than any phone I've ever seen in this price point. I hope Lenovo continues to put out affordable, high quality phones.

I thought that the screen would be larger. Some times it is hard to read. The speed is great the new setting app is easy to use

Love the phone, love the price! Nice and zippy, ergonomically designed, great screen! Not much more you can ask! Way to go Motorola!

I've had this phone almost a month now and I love it. This Moto G 4G LTE is worth more than they're selling it for- it's higher quality than your average mid-range smartphone. Consider no other phone if your shopping in the $150-250 price range. Most other reviews have named the pros and cons and they're quite correct in that this is not a flagship device. There are absolutely no better upper mid-range devices available right now. Way to go Motorola!

I like quality of this smartphone. It really looks awesome for this price. I flashed Google Play Edition rom and in future i can get the latest Android versions by OTA. So cool!

The celphone is nice, have a good size and wheight. Is beutiful and the screen is really good. The only problem is the chip.

the best 100%

I could put less stars for different reasons like that you cannot charge it in the wall because you will have just a usb cable :) but that's what you are paying for: 180$-quad core (it feels like a quad core)-gorilla glass 3 (a really nice screen)-waterproof ( they did not sell us that but it is waterproof)You will not find a best cellphone for this price!

good,good!!Very good use!Battery life is very long day without recharging!When in use, occasionally Caton, but a good machine!Worth buying!

Good phone but will be better if it has more language (Ukrainian and Russian)Very good screen, good battery, powerfull CPU

Bought it to replace my aging Samsung Galaxy S2 and online comparisons had led me to expect similar performance with much better battery life. Boy, was I in for a surprise.This phone is almost as fast as phones three times as expensive as this. And the battery life is fantastic! No other word for it. It's amazing a phone this good is available at this price. Only drawback (if you can call it that) is the camera. But I only ever use the phone camera for tweeting a photo every now and then so I don't mind the quality not being very high.

phone with this price is unbeatable.i upgrade it to 4.4.2 when i got it.i brough 2 for my friends,they love it so much.many peoples just buy flapship celphone for nothing,just make phonecall web searching email etc...don't even know how to send a photo with NFC!and iphone doesn't have NFC even! think about it! what you need,and how you need,what you know before you buy a phone cost 500-800$,but you will use 30% part of it everyday,means 150-250$! that is what moto g can do and do it well for you.

I ordered this phone back in March via Amazon with the free shipping on a Friday, and it showed up at my house the following Tuesday. However, it was defective because it could not read my SIM card, so I sent it back while Amazon sent a new one. This phone has been by far the best purchase I've made in the cellular sector.The speed, despite that it is on H2O Wireless (AT&T;) 3G network, has been great so far between my round-trip travels from South Carolina to Florida. When on wireless, its speed is fast enough for me to watch videos on demand in high definition (detail is so good, I could see the pores on Clark Gregg's face in an episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.)Picture resolution on the phone is as good as my Toshiba Thrive tablet, yet the front-facing camera on my Toshiba has VGA resolution, whereas the Motorola has a 1.3MP.The Snapdragon Processor brings up my applications within a snap (rimshot). Also got the Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) upgrade as soon as I turned on the phone and hooked up to the wireless internet.Despite the size I got (8GB), the quick streaming from my Google Play or live streaming internet radio applications have compensated for the lack of storage to put my music on the phone.All in all, I want to say that this phone has been a good investment so far, and the customer service that Amazon provided for the defective phone and new phone has been awesome. Many, many, MANY kudos and props to the customer service department.

this phone is very nice. I recently &#34;downgraded&#34; from a Samsung Galaxy S4 because I changed jobs and had to give up the company phone. It was very easy to activate on straight talk. I just picked up a kit from walmart and followed the instructions. i read that the MMS picture messaging may not come in with the initial APN settings that Straight talk provides, but it worked after a few minutes 2 reboots. I can't complain about the 5 MP camera or 3G speeds since it is only $200 bucks.

The Moto G is a good value in an unlocked Android handset for use with either ATT or T-Mobile as it has UMTS on 850, 1900 and AWS bands. However, it lacks UMTS band I (2100 MHz) which is the primary band used in most of the world. So, it is probably not the best choice for international roaming.

for anyone with no prior smartphone it is not intuitively obvious how to use this device and the little sheet that comes with it doesn't help much

For three weeks I tried it and ye come to the conclusion that this phone is the ultimate and the best android mid-range option.-. The battery easily lasts me three days with moderate use and 4 days if you only have it in standby mode.-. The screen colors and excellent video quality and 720p as compared to s4 and my bike g can say that they look even better thanks to its IPS panel.-. The screen size 4.5 &#34;inch Excellent comfortable to hold and use with one hand. I consider that more than 4.5 &#34;is unnecessary.-. The processor is super fast and fluid machine, about the 1mb ram will feel more than good, have not had a lag in no time.-. The camera itself that is weak, but still useful to get you out of trouble.Anyway do not think this is the best more android mid to high range option.

Good day the cellular bad wine I extinguish and not volvio to taking and live in venezuela do not have send like the cellular one again in order that me my dollars change it lamentably perdi that the cellular one does not serve me

Very satisfied in general,  great value for money.Most valuable pros:notification led,gorilla glass,quad-core , 4.5 inch,easy to rootFew cons:on/off button and volume rocker on the same (right) sidelight and proximity sensor on right side like nexus 5 (used to be on left for Nexus S, nexus 4)

The &#34;clean&#34; Android operating system is a little hard to get used to but ok. Still, not something to cancel the purchase over.

A killer phone for the bucks.

the best cell, the battery lasts a long time is really fast, comfortable, excellent design and the price is simply the best. 100% recommended.

Battery life pretty cool, absolutely stable, no major deficiencies.The only thing I noticed is that the performance is really slowed down when it's charging. Didn't tryto find out why. Regarding the price I am happy with my phone ^_^

Wonderful, cheap and have great hardware features. It worth every cent I paid for it, it have great resolution and practically every feature that any of the most expensive cellphones include

I love how quick and responsive it is.  Nice display.  They say the camera is mediocre, but I don't care about that.  Effortless upgrade from an older Android phone: login to your Google account and everything just works.  3G works well with both Virgin (Bell) and Rogers in Canada.

It is cheep, beautiful design, high performance, water proof, recent os, long life battery, suitable screen size, not heavy, 4 quad processer....what do you need more ?the camera is not spectacular but it is nice.my wife was using iphone4,but she is so pleased with this phone....thanks moto g.

A very good cellphone...Want a good cell and now I have a better one lolworks perfectly, a good price... cannot expect more from that!this is the best purchase that I made. About of Android 4.4, it's update when I turn on

cheap, works like an S3 with no bulls**t from samsung that makes it slow or something. Size of a fattier S2, very responsive, battery is good for my use, I use it heavily and it lasts a day with a full start and 1 full recharge. I just love it really, great switch from a moderate cel like the S2 with a way better responsiveness

In spite of the price it is an excellent phone. Easy to use. The battery last a lot. It is not heavy. Good camera. It is not the best but it is not bad at all. I like it so much!

It's a excelent product,It's looks good, it's powerful.The only bad thing is that it only comes with a usb cable, but is the least. I had a great smartphone with a great price.I definitely recommend.

It does everything that I expected and more. It keeps me conected with everything I care about. I'm a &#34;multi-task user&#34;, and Moto G always do what I need it to do, without any complaints. Totally recomended!

I like Moto G. It's a complete smarth phone.Sometimes the cam not found and i need to reboot. It's a bad think.If you wanna a cheap phone with all, buy Moto g.The battery is greate!!!

I dont like to speak a lot, I just wil make a simple definition about this Smartphone.-Powerfull as a 600 USD high end, at the cost of a Mid-range endToo bad that Motorola got ripped apart by Google and Lenovo...too bad.

This is a great item. It is reliable ,helpful, and a good phone for the office and small businesses no matter what.

best phone for this price, except for the lacking of slot to expand storage it could be considered a high end cell phone

I started using my moto g a month ago after having a bad experience with a galaxy s4, i decided to never again spend more than 300$ for a phone.. well, i just had to spend 200$ to find the perfect one.. I do not miss at all the s4 paying only a third of the price of it.. Moto G is the best smartphone i've ever had considering price/performance relation.. buy it when you have the chance!

The good:* Exceptional value. Based on price, the Moto G competes with the low-end of smartphones, and outperformes them by far. Based on specs, it contends with the midrange and underprices them by far.I hope Motorola will release a 7-8" tablet with the same philosophy in the near future.* Good screen. Auto-brightness works great.* Mostly smooth performance.* Solid build quality and soft-touch back make it pleasant to hold.* Tolerable size and weight.* Battery life: for me, with wi-fi on, mobile data off, a few hours of Feedly, Chrome, Gmail and cloud each day, it lasts 2-3 days. Though, in 4.4.2 Kitkat, the 'battery saver' option won't stay on anymore, nor does it activate automatically when it's supposed to.The bad:* Low capacity built-in storage and no memory card support is a bad combination. For this reason I still have to carry along my 32 GB iPod touch (I don't have unlimited internet access all the time everywhere to rely on Google Play Music). There's a dual-SIM version so there's room for a memory card!* Flimsy, rattly buttons that are also too thin. Chrome-painted plastic has always been tacky.* Horrible camera. The pictures look more like impressionist paintings rather than photos.* The three onscreen buttons at the bottom take up space; I'd rather have capacitive buttons outside the screen as for example on Samsungs.* Tweezers are needed to remove the SIM card.* Defects I found in my unit: Couple of hot pixels in the camera sensor that spoil every shot. Screen backlight bleeding in one of the corners.The ugly -- regarding Android:* The Android UI is unpolished, confusing and unattractive (the icon for contacts is just ghastly). There is an overwhelming number of settings scattered all over the place, it's hard to get a hold of it. Some transition animations are unintuitive, e.g. the 'back' button and 'back' icons point to the left, but the corresponding animations zoom out. Nearly all icons are outdated and fugly. Most areas of the UI are unwelcoming black with tasteless sci-fi blue accents, e.g. the launcher, keyboard, settings app, calculator, clock app, gallery; they look like something that was probably regarded as high-tech and cool in the '90s.* System updates are rolled out with delay and even then too slowly. 4.4.2 Kikat has been available for the Moto G in the US since Dec 19, my device got it on Jan 15.* Wakelock bugs (Phone app, Mediaserver) -- they can consume a lot of battery power. Could only fix them with factory reset.* Dodgy text selecting and jumpy scrollbars.* Native document support is severely limited.If you feel like my review is not helpful to you, feel free to comment on what you disagree with.

Price, quality, i think its the best phone you can earn at this price. The only thing is that it dont have a SD slot.Note: The Global Unlocked really works in other countries than USA, very good when you travel.

This phone is super fast!, everything is smooth and sharp. I bought this phone based of two main facts.1- Specs, you wont get a phone with these specs unless you jump into the high end phone market which cost twice and three times more than the moto G. Quad core processor, 1 GB of Ram, acceptable camera, 16 GB of storage (more than enough for me) and more!, just for 199$!, this thing is the real deal!2- Android 4.3 and already updated to 4.4 kit kat, OMG! not even the latest high end Samsung, HTC, SONY are running 4.4, just the nexus 5 witch came straight from Google.  I been using Samsung product for a couple of years and they always are the last one to update your device or they say that your phone is not capable of running the lasted version.If you really want a great phone without spending a lot of money, don't even think about it, just go and grab the MOTO G, you wont be disappointed.

Very pleased with my new, modern, full and beautiful cell.It's quick, agile, comfortable, stylish, has absolutely everything and more than we could ask.Love it and recommend it too !!

Good piece of tech I prefered over the samsung galaxiy # 3 the battery last longer the memory it is not so big but good enough for me works fine.

nice job, nice phone, nice shipping, nice deal, nice people, great price, the phone only comes with box and usb data cable

Great phone for the money.  You can find many good reviews on the Internets, this is my 3rd Android phone.  The only thing I wish it had was a pedometer.

It is truly  high tech innovation for me, especially it's GPS system. I have nothing but praise for it. It is better than the old one I had although it served its purpose while I had it.

Moto G is awesome but box has only Handset and charging USB cable but not charger plug and not earphone.

I replaced my Samsung G4 S Blaze that I used on T-Mobile with this phone. The Samsung had better camera options and I like the older Android OS much better for phone calls but the stability, speed and especially memory management are all improved on this phone. The biggest leap was having 16 GB memory. This screen is bright and clear like the Samsung Blaze but both are useless out in the sun. My son in law is a phone nut...he called this phone &#34;snappy!&#34; High praise indeed.

God

This phone is amazing and well worth the money. I bought it for my mom, who found it very convenient to use.

GOOD BATT. GREAT FINISHING. SMOOTH AND FAST SOFTWARE WITH ALMOST PURE ANDROID 4. PICS AND VIDEO COULD BE BETTER, BUT ON THIS PRICE RANGE, THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION!!!

Excellent cellphone, I from Venezuela I am using it with Digitel and my Girldfriend with Movilnet and both work really good, If you are looking for a Good phone for a cheap price, this is the perfect product.

A phone for $199 USD that feels and works like a phone that is worth  $350 usd ..I can't complain ..MMMMMUH SWEET!

was a gift for my mom.We have tested it and it works pretty cool! as expected! works with every company. Telcel mexico included!

I had issue with camera - couldn't run application for some reason. Looks it was fixed after camera software upgrade.

Simply GREAT!!! It is just what I expected. No way to reach a smartphone at this price .  I very enjot it.

It was good for two months  after  two months there is a  black line when you take picturesI am not sure if it has a one year warranty  amazon is not taking it back  or replacing the defective item

Well folks, I'm 63, and certainly NOT a "Techie". Recently switched from a very good Galaxy 3. Thought it was wonderful......Till I got the Moto G 4G LTE (XT1045) Went from a pre-paid all inclusive CDMA carrier. (all in all, pretty good), Very good phone with sometimes spotty coverage & mediocre service. Switched to a GSM carrier that I can switch plans during the month & USA based support. Having done A LOT of research before buying the MOTO, I had read some reviews that people have had internet & MMS set up problems, as well as micro sd card problems. LET ME TELL YOU: IN MY CASE, I HAD ZERO PROBLEMS setting up  the PROPER APN settings and getting a class 10 32gb micro sd card to work. I have to think that a lot of people do not thoroughly read and follow the instructions first, but pick up the new phone and start to fiddle with it. Comparing the Moto G 4G to the SIII: No losses for me, and many pluses. Very good battery life..(follow settings guides from your carrier, and multiple Android forums. Phone is a bit smaller so it takes up less room in pocket (even with Otterbox). Call & speaker volumes are better, Still learning the features, and optimum settings for me.....Have had several Motorola cell phones over the years, Heck, they invented them! CONSUMER CELLULAR CUSTOMERS PLEASE NOTE: If you purchase your Moto G from any outside non CC vendor, it wont have the "My Consumer Cellular App" (can be downloaded for FREE from Play Store. Also when setting up the phone for internet usage and text..DO NOT believe any of the NONSENSE you see on the internet on how to get it to work...SIMPLY call CC, be patient and polite, give them your account info, and the IMEI #, (in phone settings, or on original box), tell them what you want to do, and THEY will walk you easily through all the settings to make it work! (It MUST be done through their end to make it work). Do not forget to power off your phone for at least one minute after this procedure, then re-boot for it to work. NEXT: MICRO SD STORAGE. (4G LTE ONLY), Many have stated the early production phones would not load the San Disk Ultra class 10 (up to 30MB/s transfer speed).. but the Samsung EVO works. Do NOT attempt to load or remove ANY SD card without turning OFF PHONE! I have a later production, and had available a San Disk Ultra and a Samsung EVO. Both loaded fine!. I finally went with the Samsung EVO, as it was several dollars less, and had a higher transfer speed of 48MB/s. The battery rate is PHENOMINAL! (This is due a lot to using lower screen brightness, turning off vibrate when ringing alerts, keeping data turned OFF when NOT needed, and most of all using WI-FI whenever possible. ( Phone calls still work when away from Wi-Fi). Lastly I'll get off my "SOAP BOX", Consumer Cellular Customer Service ROCKS!.... Please keep in mind: These folks are here to help us, Don't take your frustrations out on them, get your information in order before the call, state your question, and be courteous...You will be rewarded with the same... by the way, calling CC from your cell phone is FREE, (doesn't use up minutes)!

Great cell phone for 200 bucks, it sucks that isn't come with a wall charger... but works great for almost everything and the 1GB of ram is really a blessing in a budget phone

For the price, this phone offers lot of functions and features.I am liking it so far. Its fast, easy and feature rich phone. The loved the body as well. Very slick.

I got this phone as a present for my wife. It said in your description that it would be fine if your carrier was AT&T. Well guess what NO IT DOESNT! And since the return date is past I got stuck -  thanks for nothing!

I like the phone a lot, fulfills everything promised and delivery and the treatment was excellent, no doubt would buy another one and would recommend

Simply the best budget phone they could ever make! The only downside I find is the camera @5MP but it's less than 200$ what else can you ask for? Moto G is simply great!

I've only had this phone for a few days, but I'm loving it, it has great looks, good speed, decent camera, all in all, a very good phone.I was using a 4s and wanted a bigger phone, but didn't want to wait until October for the iPhone 6, so I decided to try an android based phone and so far the experience has been positive. When I first got the phone I was only getting 4G reception and I thought i needed a new sim card, I went down to the AT&T; office and they were able to fix the problem by making changes to my profile and I'm now getting LTE reception.If you're looking for an unlocked, inexpensive LTE enabled phone that doesn't feel cheap, this is the one. Good job Motorola!

Excellent price and very good service. The items were in excellent conditions and work better than expected. The compatibility with google nexus is at a 100% .

Viber became a very popular VOIP app that runs on most smart phones and most of my friends abroad are using it. However, it is not usable on Moto G even after updating the app and Android to the latest version (4.4.2) . Viber crashes then closes every time you try to connect .Although the device was claimed as optimized to work on All GSM Networks including AT&T; , mine couldn't camp on AT&T; UMTS/HSPA (850 / 1900 bands).Returned the device.

I switched from an IPhone 4 to this and could not be happier.  Good battery life, a good OS, and plenty of apps, plus bit makes phone calls.

I've seen many reviews of this phone on phone blogs and the such. I have to agree with them. I'm upgrading my wife from a budget LG Optimus l7. This phone doesn't even seem like it is in the same category! I'd be more likely to compare this phone to my Nexus 4 than a budget phone. You SHOULD get this phone. 4 stars because it isn't perfect. I saw a few lags when doing many things at the same time. Still much better than the alternatives.

&#38750;&#24120;&#26834;&#65292;&#36825;&#20010;&#25163;&#26426;&#20215;&#26684;&#24456;&#21512;&#29702;.&#25105;&#26469;&#33258;&#20013;&#22269;&#65292;&#25105;&#36234;&#36807;&#22826;&#24179;&#27915;&#20080;&#36825;&#20010;&#25163;&#26426;&#35828;&#26126;&#36825;&#20010; &#25163;&#26426;&#30456;&#24403;&#26834;&#65292;&#24403;&#28982;&#20122;&#39532;&#36874;&#30340;&#26381;&#21153;&#20063;&#38750;&#24120;&#22909;&#12290;&#36825;&#20010;&#25163;&#26426;&#20215;&#20301;&#22312;&#20013;&#22269;&#21487;&#20197;&#20080;&#26356;&#39640;&#30340;&#37197;&#32622;&#65292;&#20294;&#26159;&#25105;&#19968;&#30452;&#21916;&#27426;motorola &#65292;&#19978;&#25163;&#20043;&#21518;&#24863;&#35273;&#24456;&#22909;&#65292;&#38750;&#24120;&#27969;&#30021;&#12290;android 4.4.2 &#29609;&#36215;&#26469;&#36824;&#26159;&#38750;&#24120;&#39034;&#30021;&#30340;&#65292;&#30456;&#26426;&#36824;&#26159;&#30456;&#23545;&#26469;&#35828;&#27604;&#36739;&#24046;&#21170;&#65292;&#20294;&#26159;&#30333;&#22825;&#36824;&#34892;&#12290;&#19981;&#36807;&#32771;&#34385;&#21040;&#20215;&#26684;&#65292;&#25105;&#35273;&#24471;&#21487;&#20197;&#20837;&#25163;&#20102;&#65292;&#39034;&#30021;&#24230;&#21487;&#20197;&#21644;&#24456;&#22810;android&#26071;&#33328;&#21487;&#20197;&#24182;&#39550;&#40784;&#39537;I like  the motorola g&#65292;it is perfect&#12290;I come from china  &#65292; so you  know kow it work well

Great price-performance ratio.Camera is not as good as in high end cellulars.Battery lasts more than a day long.

Moto G has a great cost and benefit relation. But you need to be patient with some bugs in a few basic apps like the camera crashing when you open it, keyboard stop working all of the sudden or all the letters in the screen turning into squares and you can't read anything.Everything start working properly again with a quick restart. But it is still a little bothering.

Amazing phone. Perfect for me.It's waterproof capability is more important to me, because I swear a lot and previous phones I own was damaged by that.

For these price it's the best phone for now. Quality is very good, all works fine. It upgraded to 4.4.2 at first connect to wifi, and there is no problem with it. &#1045;he only thing that I would advise for new owners, is to discharge it and charge to full for 2-3 times, for calibrate battery.

I love my phone. Has great performance. I can get in touch with everything I need. Go ahead and get one

The best phone for it's price. That's all i can say. REALLY happy with the speed and performance so far. battery is exceptionally good, really gives competitor phones in it's price range a run for 's money!I only wish it had expandable memory, would have made it better. Buy i would totally recommend this phone if you had a tight budget and were looking for a reliable device.

This phone is a keeper for me.  I do skyping, FB and kinds of stuff.  It can connect to the internet really fast with the price, you can't go wrong.  Thanks Motorola

is an excelent phone, the best by price and valor, i recomedent this phone for everyone. goog for motorola. the best

I've owned a lot of phones. From VZW: Moto Droid 2, Moto Droid X, HTC Incredible, HTC Incredible 2, iPhone 4, iPhone 4s, iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, Galaxy s4, Galaxy s3, and many others.I was looking for an unlocked device to use on the h2o (AT&T;) network, with minimal bloatwear and newest android updates quick. This is working perfectly. Basically a nexus device for close to half the price.10/10 The radio gets a tad better reception at my desk than my s4/s3's did.8/10 The camera isn't as good as the s4 but close to the s3 for quality.10/10 The flavor of android is clean and free of motoblur or samsungs touchwiz ensuring faster updates as new versions of android are released. The software motorola added is amazing. They include 2 apps, one for migrating which created a private area wifi network and transferred all of my texts, pictures, and videos. Another which is a contextual aware app that you can set if this then else actions. Very cool stuff.10/10 The chassis hardware is fantastic think build quality of iphone or htc one. Feels quality, not cheap plastic.Would buy again. Am recommending it to friends and family.

I absolutely love this phone.  With the Google Now &#34;Okay Google&#34; capability side loaded this is the best device I've owned.  Be sure to update the OS to Android 4.4.2.  I had previously bought an Android phone from Blu for a similar price and that was nowhere near as good.  I can't say enough about this phone for the price.

Surprissed!!! , inside the box no wall charger, only usb cable, no even a free hand!!, I thought I was going to buy the battery apart also.... huhhh but I did bought a micro Sim to start using, no regrets on operation but I have to charge it from my laptop every time of discharge.

In the price range, there is no better Android phone in this price range. The only way this phone is weak is if it is compared to a flagship phone like a Nexus 5.It isn't perfect, but there is absolutely nothing better at $200.Pros:--high quality LCD screen - most devices in this class have cheap 1024 screen with lousy pixel density, the G has 1,280 x 720 pixels (329 ppi).  it also has solid brightness.--performance on the device is really peppy. i  tried to slow the device down through my normal usage and it didn't stutter at all.  Based on personal experience and many reviews I've read the moto g can handle any current high-demand mobile game you throw at it without choppiness.--solid construction - the phone is really well made. it doesn't feel cheap at all, though there is a tiny amount of wiggle in the volume rocker the phone has some heft and feels really solid.  Physically, the G doesn't FEEL like a cheap phone, it feels like a flagship device.Cons:--The phone doesn't have LTE - this is the biggest flaw, nearly knocking it down to 4 stars.. but compared to other $200 off contract handsets it's still par for the course.  max speed over the 3g on the moto g is theoretically 22mbps, on tmo 4g the max theoretical speed is 42mbps. if you live in a market where that speed is even remotely possible (it isn't in mine) then this phone may not be for you.-- the camera is a bit lacking.  it's a 5 megapixel  shooter with a limited zoom. the picture quality isn't that great but it does the job.  I don't know how good the camera is when compared to other similarly priced devices though.

three teams want to buy more, and the system will not let me, it tells me that there is a limit for the purchase, I would like to give me an opportunity of buy three more

This phone offers amazing bang for the buck. Does everything that I need a smartphone to do. It is perfect for new android users, and people who drop their phone frequently, as it's cheap to replace.

First of all I received the phone with much delay that came together with damaged once froze on the screen off and on and had to react; however having just one week in my hand, stayed frozen completely unable to turn it on or turn it off also does not grab the battery charge. On the other hand, I had to buy a charger because the specifications of the phone does not say that NO brings charger. So I demand that I promptly send a new mobile computer and you bear the shipping costs to Venezuela.

Nice economical Android phone for Average user.Worth spending money.Loved its FM radio, which is missing in many new high end phones.

It's fast, good battery time and has clean Android version.Only the 5MP camera is quality limited, not very important to me.

Excellent phone , lots lots better then crappy I Phone.

Absolutely fantastic! Works fine and is very attractive. Only lucks the SD expansion slot. Of course you have more 15 GB in the cloud but isn't the same thing.

Great phone!!!! Cheap, reliable, works!! And stock Android. Used it with an Otterbox commuter case. Voice and reception are great ... Note that I am comparing this to my really really really old pre 2007 Nokia candy bar, will never ever die, mobile. Batteries last 2 days max with an average of 5 hours of surfing a day and no streaming. Believe standby could last for days.

I've read a number of reviews on this phone.  One of the big technical websites knocked it because it's quad core processor was slow (in THEIR opinion) and it only had a gigabyte of RAM.Seriously?  I've been using this one for just over a week and so far, I like it.  For $200 I don't feel I could have found a phone that would have made me more happy.ProsFast processorAmple storageGPS that worksImmediately upgraded to 4.4.2 (KitKat)UnlockedPrice - VERY reasonableConsCosmetic - Would prefer the H or H+ symbol for HSPA/HSPA+ network connectivity instead of 3g (but the HSPA/HSPA+ connectivity works, though)Using Bluetooth and the headphone jack together causes issues on the headphones.  Without Bluetooth, no issues on the audio.  Both work fine separately and only the headphone jack is affected if Bluetooth is in use.I'd absolutely recommend this to a friend.  No, it doesn't do LTE.  I'm on T-Mobile and I've found their HSPA/HSPA+ to be MORE than ample for my needs.  I could care less about LTE at this stage of the game.

Excellent phone!All that you need in a cell phone for an amazin price.Fast, clear hd screen, great camera (from an amateur photographer) and good battery performance.Well done Motorola.

Great phone. Great value. One of my best purchase by now.Nice voice options.I just will like the option of xtend the storage capacity.

Actually purchased as gift for my father , exceeded my expectations for the performance and value . really started comparing between my HTC , iPhone , Sony & Samsung . find out that as value and specs beyond our needs .As I noticed few things which I didn't like it honestly such :- WiFi performance- camera- minor bugs related to KitKat os 4.4.2And the rest I am happy with it , highly recommend to get one.

She likes the phone, it's fast, nice screen, wonderful Android experience but the camera is not so good. She used to have a Nexus S that was 4yrs old and the camera on that phone was better than the camera in the Moto G.Everything else is good!

It's quick easy to use is upgradeable. Use micro sim. I practice for a person who does not want to spend much on a phone.

I have used the phone for a couple of days now and I have to say its a great phone for its price.Word of caution: It's touch response is not up to par as an iOS device.Other than that battery life is good. Screen is bright with good colors. Good coverage on AT&T;.

Excellent for the price, quality and velocity thanks processor 4 nucleus its really impress. Have a good screens hd fof great videos and games!

I can't beleve it, it's not icluded AC adaptor. What happen if I don't have my PC with me, p.e, if I'm traveling?

The features are nice and the battery backup is also good.The touch screen is also pretty good.The product is very sleek which got good grip to handle.

This isn't a top of the line phone, but for the money it's the best value out there. It feels good in my hand and is very sturdy. It feels as snappy as my Nexus 4 and hasn't had any problems handling anything I have tried to run on it. The US version gets full HSPA+ speeds on T-mobile's network which in my area is about 10-12 Mbps.There are a few features missing from this phone, such as no SD card slot and no LTE, but the average user out there really doesn't have a need for those anyway. If you can live without those few features, then this is the best phone for your money.

Phone works great. There are a few issues (like screens reloading itself only to start back to the top of the page when I was in the middle, and at rare times when I plug in headphones for some reason it keeps pulling up google speak.) but other than those minor annoyances that happen occasionally this phone is wonderful. its fast, and efficient and I'm quite pleased.

Fast delivery, amazing product, arrived really fast, and it's working so I don't really have anything bad to say about it, keep up the good work!

this phone was bought on 18 Feb 2014 and its already dead, don't know what to do about it . I am an international buyer now if I want to claim the warranty I have to send the set back to USA which is not worth it.

I Love this phone, I replace my iPhone 4 for this one and I must say it was an excellent choice, the phone is fast, has smooth transitions between apps, the screen looks nice, the battery life is one of the best i seen, easy to handle, I totally recommend this phone, you can't buy a better phone for this price, Motorola did a very good job..

Is was good.

Simply, excellent! It comply with all feature that I need, in addition, the cost-quality relationship it is surprising. I'm very happy...

She doesn't fully understand how to use this phone, but she appreciates the high def display, the lower monthly bill she is able to get now through tmobile, and asking google now what temperature it is in Hawaii when Chicago was going through the Polar Vortex. I bought one for my mother when it first came out through google before it was available on amazon. Amazon's free 2 day shipping is faster and obviously much cheaper than google play store.

Quite possibly one of the best phones made. I don't say that lightly - I've had mobile phones since the early 90's and over time only a few select models have ever really stood the test of time by getting both form and function just right - I believe the Moto G will be one of those rare models. The only other phone that really had this status in recent years was the HTC HD2 (leo) and anyone who has owned one (or been on to XDA developers) knows what I'm talking about.I actually bought this phone for my GF who was sick of buggy experiences on what are comparatively speaking, incredibly simple phones such as Nokias or Blackberrys. I read the reviews and it seemed like this is a solid phone with a good camera and amazing battery life for an android device. They weren't kidding;Although *tehnically* lower spec than my Samsung Galaxy S3, the Moto G beats it on nearly every front: 2 days(!) longer battery life, far superior Camera, the screen is beautiful and although only 3G it's actually faster at web browsing than my S3 on 4g - now that could be down to bottlenecking caused by large metropiltan areas having so many people on strained 4g networks but still, the moto G is faster than a much more expensive and higher spec 4g Samsung phone. The phone itself feels really solid and is very slim, but in reading those reviews, I realized like with any high spec phone from any manufacturer, you really need a case. I got the otter case which while sturdy makes the phone footprint much larger and the buttons hard to push. Oh well, better than a broken screen every time you drop it.The version of OS is also better than my S3 - really snappy, well thought out and intuitive, either for a basic user like my GF or for me as a very techy user.I'll probably buy one of these when my S3 fails - I haven't seen anything close to the Moto G on the market that has this level of performance, build quality and features.

Only a battery indicator issue, but it's KitKat not Moto GIt's worth every penny, I highly recommend it.Battery life: GoodCamera: GoodOP system: Android KitKat (4.4.2): Very goodConnectivity: Very good

The best smartphone you can buy for USD 180. I wish it comes with better camera and the posibility to expand the memory. Exellent screen resolution

Great internals - build quality acceptable for such a low cost phone. bought the phone for international living and it was good. loses signal easily and of course no 4G. Its a good second phone or replacement but I don't think I could live with it as my go to phone

Great phone for the price.

Excellent phone. Excellent price. Fast, simple, beautiful, classy, sturdy, strong, modern. No observations nor regrets. This is the phone to buy. Absurdly fast shipping.

Excellent phone for excellent price. Amazon has the best price and as allways  the best service. My phone came with physical damage on the SIM card slot and Amazon let me return it for free and while I did that the new one came. The whole thing took 4 days. Great service and great phone.

this phone is more than value for money. design, performance, battery everything is better than nexus 4.even if you don't compare it with nexus 4 or another phone, this phone is simple great.

I don't like has changer

work perfectly in venezuela carriers, the phone quality is too much for the price fast, updated, and...... the price, its a shame that google sold this to lenovo

Friend of mine got a smart phone for his wife.  He told her it would make his life easier if she had one.  Sheer brilliance.  So, I got this one for my wife -- she'd been holding out on getting one.Battery life is good, she sometimes get's two days on it.  Android 4.4 is great for a first time user too and the lack of carrier crap apps is fantastic.

This phone has the feel of a much more expensive device.  I was using a 3 year old Blackberry and what a difference !  Purchased a Samsung Galaxy 3G for my wife a couple of years ago and this phone is every bit as capable as that for day to day tasks.  Highly recommended.

Since Amazon has combined 2 models of phone onto one listing, I wanted to clarify 2 key differences:The Universal 4G LTE - 8GB (white or black) DOES have a MicroSD expansion slot (accepts cards up to 32G) and is 4G capable.The other 4 choices, US GSM (8 or 16GB), and Global GSM (8 or 16GB) do NOT have an expansion slot, and are only 3G capable.These seem like 2 significant differences to lump all 6 phones into one listing, Amazon really should differentiate them. Additionally the 4g model is $20 cheaper on Amazon compared Motorola's site, but the back-order time is currently 4-7 weeks on Amazon, while Motorola has them in stock and ready to ship.For the price these are solid phones, I opted for the 4G model as I happen to live and work in areas with that coverage, and I like being able to remove the memory card/expand the memory as needed.

Unbelievable value for your money.  It feels good in your hand not too big, not to small, not too heavy, not too light.  The processor is very zippy.  I hardly ever experience lag even with several apps running at once.Very impressed with the value.  My last cell phone lasted me years and i have resisted buying a new one because I asked myself "Is that really necessary?"  The answer was no almost every time.  However, when this phone came out at this price.  It was just worth it.Pros:Feels great in the hand and in your pocket.Powerful Quad-core processorGood Battery Life.Looks great and customizableBest bang for your buck (No other phone comes close)Cons:No expandable memoryBattery is not-removableNo 4G or LTE (but was it even necessary in the first place? You can still stream movies with 3G. Why would you need more speed?)I feel like the cons aren't even bad.  They aren't really that big of a deal.  The camera is still as good as an affordable point and shoot.  16 gigs, which I believe is 10-12 gigs, after the phone's applications, is still decent.  I would not recommend the 8 gig version it's just not enough space. Consider the fact that it will probably be 4-5 gigs with the operating system.  Even having just a few apps will leave you only with a gig or two left over for any video/photo recording and music/movie content. You are only saving $20.  Not worth it at all in my opinion.I'm absolutely in love with this phone. 5/5 starsRecommended for anyone not wanting to spend $300-$600 on a new phone while still having something powerful in your pocket.

Great phone but when when you take into account the price this phone is simply incredible. I purchased for my 14 year old  but &#34;tested&#34; it out for a couple of days. First day it updated to kikat. Using on tmobile and haven't had any problems. would recommend fir anyone.

It is more weighty than it's older and more expensive brother, the Moto X. It is a very premium feeling device,and almost exactly the same as a Moto X in appearance. To the untrained eye - they're the same. However, it is lacking a couple of &#34;premium&#34; things from it's big brother that you may or may not need.1: Touchless Controls are AWESOME! But, they aren't included on this device. My tech-illiterate mom never noticed the loss though.2: Moto Assist is &#34;Gimped&#34;, if you will. It doesn't detect your driving, which I found immensely useful on my Moto X. It does behave as expected with meetings and sleeping though!3: Build quality is subjective. That said, the plastics aren't as nice as the Moto X - they collect smudges a lot easier, and the black version never looks clean. That said, it is a very durable finish, as far as I can tell - keys, pavement, and coins didn't really damage it.4: Camera - not as nice. Is it still good? Yup! The photos are clear, provide enough detail, and shoots quickly. It lacks the quick launch capabilities, but the interface is the same.5. Last missing - screen. It's LCD, rather than AMOLED. This can be good, or bad, depending on your preference. I like LCD better, but some folks prefer it the other way around. In comparison to my HTC ONE X, it looks much nicer and more accurate. Colors are less vibrant when compared to the Moto X, however.A few things it does better? Well, not a lot. It's a Moto X with a few compromises. Are they worth the trade off? For Less than $200, I say yes. It's durable, takes OK photos, and lasts FOREVER on a charge. IT's way better than my old Nexus 4 AND Nexus 5. I would highly recommend this device to anyone looking for a solid phone, free of contract!

I have been a pretty dedicated to the google nexus line for my personal cell phones but I picked the Moto G up for my mother in-law.  For the price you cannot beat it and she had been using a really old samsung dart and hurt me when every i had to fix something on it.  For work I use a Moto X and this phone &#34;feels&#34; like the X but it most notably lacks the active display and the always on mic.If you are into phone, I would recommend the moto x (has gone on sale for 350) or the nexus 5 but if you are on a budget, or if you are like my wife and really do not care, you cannot go wrong with the Moto G.

Battery without using very much, and sometimes the phone will continue to heat.The manual was quite good, operation is also very smooth.

Best value smartphone did a lot of research before purchase and I was looking for the best battery life and performance.

moto G. the most powerful android phone under 200 USD. i brought this one for my friend and he love it a lot.

It is a very good phone for the price. I am happy to have it. But memory is less than 8 GB. Don't know why?? Plus it doesn't support mini SD card.

I really do like this phone, it ticks most of my boxes not really a phone guru but this phone surpasses my expectations for something under $200.

Purchased this phone from Amazon on the Sunday before Christmas, very fast shipment with delivery on Christmas eve.This will not be a technical review as there are many on the internet.The US GSM phone does work in Toronto on the Wind network, also the data speeds are very fast.The performance of the phone is faster than my sons Nexus4, the screen is amazing, the sound is good, the camera is good, the battery life seems very good (however only a few days old so time will tell).16GB of memory is more than enough space for apps and videos, also for only $20 upgrade the 16GB is a no brainier upgrade.  The camera is really good compared to my wife's old phone, the ability to do video is also a plus.  Is the camera as good as my DSLR? No, however that's why we have a camera.The learning curve for my wife is huge, she is coming from a phone with just voice and text.  All of the functions and features are daunting, &#34;how do I make a call with this thing?&#34; was one of her comments.  This is something to keep in mind for the target market for this phone.

there is nothing like this in the market, without going the dodgy chinesse route.altought it took a long time to arrive due to everyone and their dogs buying the cellphone it arrived well package.Pros:Good screen and resolutionfastandroid 4.4 KitKatwill be supported by the comunity( Xda) so later we will get Cyanogenmod or other custom romsgood battery lifegood conectivity ( in my country ther is just 1 company that got LTE and is on a CDMA network)Cons:the back of the phone doesn't like oil or to be touched. ( i haven't touch it outside the case)average camera qualityi really love this phone and when they are out i will get a grip shell from motorola.

I upgraded from a Galaxy Nexus. I love it this Moto G phone.  I really noticed that the battery lasts a all day.  Motorola has some nice features that limits GPS usage and I think this helps quite a bit.  I was upgraded to KitKat shortly after receiving my phone. I did regularly use the NFC on my Nexus but not having it on this phone has not been a big issue. I use this phone for T-Mobile and it works fine. the phone feels heavier than my previous phone but it feels solid and well made.  I bought a &#34;Rearth Invisible Defender Premium HD Clear Screen Protector for Motorola G&#34; and it was easy to apply and worth it.

When it comes to buying a smartphone, I look for the device with the best feautures and that meets my planned budget. High end phones have impressive features but in my opinion the price tag is too large (call me old fashion but I can't accept a smartphone is more expensive than many Computers/Laptops)So I decided to buy Moto G, these are the reasons:- It meets my budget, under $200- 1Mb RAM, hardly ever I notice a performance decrease- Designed under Google administration and with the latest Android version- Impressive display, very good resolution- Very nice looking phone- Camaras are ok, they do the trick in all cases so far- Unlock phone and with a global version- Quadcore processor, excellent performance.- Good size screen (upgra from 4 to 4.5 in)- Baterry duration is awesome. I give a ligth use to my phones and Moto G battery can easily last for 2 daysDislikeNo memory expansion via SD cards (knew it before I purchase it)Battery cannont be replaced (knew it before I purchase it)Volume and power buttoms are in the place where my car cellphone holder graps the phoneLoud speaker has low volume even at the maximun volume settingOverall, I am very happy with my selection

I love this phone. Its very smooth and fast. Also love that it's 4g LTE and it has a sdcard unlike its predecessors. I have owned dozens of android devices like Nexus 7 (2012), Nvidia Shield, Samsung Galaxy SII and out of all of them this one is my favorite.

She is in love with the cell phone (also with me more than ever)...A very fast cell, the specs are awesome...

Fantastic for the money. No problems so far. Great screen. Great for texting. Pretty good battery life for a smart phone. I love it!

The price-to-performance ratio for this phone is awesome. It does everything that you NEED a phone to do plus more. For everyday use, this phone is perfect. Emails, calling, texting, games, apps...it does it flawlessly. The multitasking is not the best because of the 1 gb RAM but the simplicity and usability of the phone overpower that small drawback.Great phone for the average user.

I was watching the reviews for this phone for quite a while before I decided it is the one for me. As I am in the US most of the time but sometimes on trips in Europe, I opted for the US GSM version. Based on my experience with the i, I expected to still have 3G coverage in Europe, not really where I was, in southern Germany. It's been a while since I saw the &#34;E&#34; symbol in my display. For e-mail and phone calls, Edge is OK, for anything streaming.... don't do it.The reason that I did not give 5 stars are listed here:- The phone froze 4 times during the 2 weeks in Germany. Two times during navigation on the highway :(( and two times when I tried to use the camera. It appears that the camera problem was a flashlight issue but the hang up during navigation is really bad.I used Navigator App and overall the results were amazing for a free tool. Whether the frozen phone (I had to reboot) was a problem of the Moto G or a side effect of the Navigator App, I can't tell for certain. As much as I like this phone and as much as I prefer Android over iOS, these kind of hang-ups were a new experience after the i4 and not a desirable one.- The combination of slow speed data transfer compared to my i4 and the couple times I had to reboot the phone, I cannot give 5 stars because reliability is my #1 priority.As for all the other features, great screen, loud speakers, good quality hardware, very little trash software pre-installed... that is greatly appreciated.Since I returned from Europe and haven't been using the Navigator App any more, there has been no system halt.If you want decent speed outside the US, you better purchase the international version of the Moto G. Reliability of the system, phone + apps is not on par with the i4. Nevertheless, I am keeping the Moto G over the i4

This phone worth every dollar i paid for it, it's super fast and very stable i've been using it for about two weeks and the phone has't got slower, the battery last all day and sometimes even more.

The phone is perfect, no problem ever since I got it. Nice picture quality too. Wish I got the 16g

This cell is one of the best i{ve ever had in all my short life. This is great. I enjoy it too much.

For a no contract phone this phone is a steal. Fast processor, plays games with no problem, definitely worth the money!

This is not a good phone.....its camera does not work many times....But the touch sensitivity really nice....i am disappointed with this now...feel like I wasted my money...

This is an INCREDIBLE value for a phone.  Dont let the lack of 4G put you off this device because it absolutely out-performs devices twice its price.  i think the best comprehensive review can be found given by Marques Brownlee on youtube.  Search for it and its worth a watch.  Just whatever you do, get the 16GB model.  You wont regret it.

it's very useful and the screen is beautiful ,the os the up to date very sooni like it very much.

so after using this device for about two weeks I can only say how pleased i am for purchasing it.my experience is very positive especially considering the price i payed for it. In a smartphone the main thing I value is fluidity and thankfully moto g delivers very smooth overall experience. It opens the apps quickly and runs them with a breeze. there are some very occasional stutters here and there but you would expect that considering the price.The battery life is very good. It easily last whole day and usually i have around 30 to 40 percents left at the end of the day. the speaker is also quite loud and crisp.the only complaint i have is the camera performance its just not goodoverall i can highly recommend this phone to everyone who is looking for a smooth experience with an affordable price

it is a very good phone, it shipped fast to Australia; overall i'm very impressed, worked perfectly and in brand new condition.

Package arrived on time, Works perfectly with Zain GSM in Iraq, the moment i started the phone and after i followed the device initials configuration for my Google account it asks me to upgrade to the latest Android Kitkat.

The best phone for the price!  My wife loves it.  It does everything you need and looks stylish to boot.

Good phone from MOTOROLA!!! Good build, great screen, comfortable in the hand.  In a short period of operation I have not found it lacks.

Really nicely built phone. Handles apps like iBird very well. Bought for travel, but am using it at home too. Other than flaky sim card protocols which aren't the phone's fault, it works great. Volume is excellent and it makes a great speaker phone. Display is reasonably bright and easy to ready in all but the brightest direct sun. Display is also sharp and vibrant. Wish it had a memory card slot and more texture or sticky rubber on the body though - it's bit slick and easy to drop. Get a case with it.

I have spent a few days with this phone, and I have to say it is a very nice phone for the budget price.  Build quality seems fine, the loose power buttons that some mention are not apparent in my unit.  I also managed to score the online only T-Mobile 30$ month plan that is unlimited web data, text messages, but with only 100 voice mins.  This plan works for my smartphone needs.Great phone so far, and a great buying exp from Amazon.  Even though I selected free 5 day shipping, the Amazon fulfillment center is only 1 days drive away, so I actually got the phone in 2 days.

BUEN TELEFONO

I bought two of these phones recently, one for me and one for my wife.  I have had major problems with my phone since I received it.  It locks up and I cannot navigate from one function to another.  I have spoken twice with the technical support team at Motorola who have been very polite but unable to resolve the problems with the phone.  I am returning mine to Amazon for a refund.

Great new phone.  Works with both my AT&T Pay-As-You-Go sim,  with my Mobal World sim -- which rides on T-Mobil in the US -- and with my existing San Disk expansion card.  Big, bright screen in a treat!  But the best surprise is NO SURPRISES!

I'm very happy with this phone. It's a great phone, taking into consideration the price, i think it's the best of its class. Until now, It has worked perfectly without inconvenients and. It's very fast.For Venezuelan People.I'm in Venezuela and it works great on Digitel 3G Band 900Hz .If you are looking this phone either for Movilnet or Movistar, It also works on Movilnet/Movistar 3G band 1900Hz.

Two words...Buy it. I have it on ATT GOPhone abd it works perfectly. Ported my number from MetroPCS with no problems. It's faster than my girlfriends S4 by a long shot, I can only assume because it has no bloatware on it. It does everything that you would expect a moto would do, and is stable with good battery life. If you need a no contract phone and are not a huge power user, get this, you will not be dissappointed

Phone would not turn on after less than a month.  Returned to Amazon for a refund.  Will look for a different phone.

I had to get the US GSM 4GLTE direct from Motorola due to the confusion created by Amazon about when it would arrive. It's the same phone listed here as Universal. The last phone I had was a Motorola dumb phone from 2005, but it has worked great for 9 years, so when I did extensive research on the best unlocked cell phone available now, it was this one. I've been used to Macs my whole life, so the Android OS is different, but works great. I just couldn't see spending 3 times as much on an Iphone that will see only moderate use. This baby is built very solidly. I already installed a 16 gig sd card, so I'm set. I love Motorola products.After using the phone for two days, there appears to be an issue popping up for people installing SD cards. Error comes up that SD card was improperly removed and won't work. Follow the forums at Motorola to see what happens about this issue before you buy one. They may all have an SD card mounting issue as people start using this feature. Bummer.

It was working great until I got push notification telling me to upgrade to Android version 4.4 Kitkat. Then it all went down hill. You can look up all the problems this phone has regarding loosing signal, auto toggle airplane mode and no-sim symbol coming on randomly. I've done factory resets several times and according to other users on forums this problem been known by Motorola since January and it is May now. Still there hasn't been any patch or known solutions. According to forums, Motorola tech support wants you to send back the phone so they can downgrade the Android version to 4.3 but then you will keep on being notified to upgrade to KitKat every single day through push Notification. If you have time for this crap then you can go ahead and play tag with Motorola but for $200, I've got better things to do. Clearly, it's going to be an expensive paper weight that allow my kid to play some games on it in when her tablet is charging. I am quite disappointed with Motorola and their ability to solve issues with their products in the reasonable amount of time. What I don't understand is that, why they feel the need to push a new O.S that is not entirely necessary and ruined a perfectly fine hardware capable of many great things at a reasonable price. Whether if it is Motorola problem of KitKat itself is yet to be known and even Motorola tech support stop commenting on forums all over the internet tells me that they have no idea how to fix it. I would not recommend this product to anyone unless there is a known fixed or patch for this issue, which is highly unlikely given the fact that it's been over 5 months they've known about this issue. Put your money towards some other device and save your self some trouble, drop/missed calls while ur phone is on in your pocket and you have no idea the phone has disengage the sim card and remained the same till you open the back of the phone, remove sim and put it back in. That happens several times a day. Hope this helps. Good luck.

I've been using this phone for a week now and I really love it..The only cons might be the camera, it is really sensitive so to take good pics you have to stay still, like for real.Price/quality is really competitive especially if you compare it with the smartphones that are selling now..this phone offers the same performances of a galaxy s4 and the screen ihas a resolution that is as high as an iphone 5s.I would suggest to google the reviews if you don't believe me.

a very good phone value for money, has real good features , the camera is good. Most of the apps works well

Only bad thing is - no charger which can be plugged on the socket. Only USB cable. Which is still Ok.

I don't usually write reviews on phones but when something as great as this phone comes along I feel obligated. This phone will change the game for 2 yr contract carriers. Not everyone wants a super high end phone that costs them thousands of dollars over a 2 yr contract. I just want a phone that works and the Moto G definitely delivers. I use my unlocked US GSM version and am getting some very impressive download speeds of between 10-12 Mbps. Phone build quality is better than any I've seen in a low end phone. Motorola and Google really have done something special here and I can't wait to see the next versions of these phones.

MEETS MY EXPECTATIONS IN TERMS OF SPEED AND QUALITY VIDEO, I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE ACQUISITION, THE ONLY THING IS THAT CONSUME THE VERY FAST BATTERY

I bought the 16 gig version & I must say, its an awesome android experience. It was 4.3 Jelly Bean out of box & I updated it right away to 4.4.2 KitKat! Super fast performance, absolutely lag free with only 1 gig RAM. Although its an 4.5 inch display, the phone & display looks small because of longitudinal length & on screen buttons. The display looks smaller than a Samsung Galaxy S2 T989 (T-mobile). Battery life is good, charging is fast. Oh, another thing, there is no USB adapter in the box. Just the phone & micro USB cable. Anyway, my experience with Moto G is 5 star. I definitely recommend this phone.

Very comfortable unstated build/designStock Android 4.4 KitKatSpecs that compare to higher end phonesall for $179The best budget android phone you can buy.

These are great phones with high performance for a low price.  It's a great android phone with a good amount of internal storage along with all the hardware most phones are starting to get today.

I am in love with my Moto G. As time goes by, I discover why it has been so succesfull, you get a lot more that you paid.Pro's: 1) Strong, very well built. 2) Brilliant and 4.5&#34; perfect size screen. Gorilla glass 3, a must. 3) Fast and higly responsive. 4) 50 GB Google Drive extra storage. 5) On line Motorola support.Con's: 1) No SD card slot, but solved adding a memory card reader through OTG port. 2) No HDMI port. 3) It becomes hot sometimes.

Received the product on time!!! Got tired of the small screen of my iPhone 4S, did not wanted to spend a lot of money on a new cellphone. Very happy with my new cellphone the battery lasts much more than the iphone!!! And the screen is gorgeous!!! Bottom line the moto g is a great phone at a great price!!!!

everything I want in a phone, and at a good price!shipped well wrappedI love this phone.. reception is better than I expected: I live in the sticks

Great feature set and impressive build quality for the money, however it does lack in some areas. The inclusion of expandable storage would be a huge improvement, as would slightly more RAM. I am running Android OS's KitKat which is supposedly optimized for devices with lower RAM specs and less powerful processors than the current line up of 'super' smart phones (think iPhone 5s, Galaxy S4 etc.) but you can feel the phone struggling to keep up sometimes and there's several key features that I feel are missing. Of course the trade off here is the price. Nothing can touch this phone in for price, it will cost you more to buy a used two year old Galaxy S3 than it will to get one of these brand new. Excellent battery life and screen are also winning features for this phone.So in summary, it's hard to beat for the money but if you can afford more I would spring for something with a more current spec set because while it does represent fantastic value you can absolutely feel where the savings are made while using the phone.

I loved it until I was at my high school, doing a dance assignment and I was dancing and it slipped out of my pocket (no case) and fell 2-2 1/2 ft flat on the screen and I picked up the phone and there was a HUGE spiderweb crack and on the bottom bezel, it is shattered. I put on my case hoping to prevent more shards of glass coming off the bottom bezels till it slipped out of my hand with the case I have on. MORE SHARDS OF GLASS CAME OUT OF THE BOTTOM BEZEL!!!!!! It became so bad I had to contact customer service and that is when things started going downhill. I described what the phone looks like and the words came on the screen:Physical Damage: $125WHY THE **** do I have to pay $125 for glass! THIS IS MORE THAN 1/2 of what I paid for the phone! THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!!!! My Samsung S3 has survived drops higher than the height of my Moto G was dropped! I had my S3 for 18 months and still looks nice and this lasted for less than 3 monrhs!!!!Don't fall for the positive stuff!THIS IS THE FIRST AND LAST MOTOROLA PHONE I WILL BUY!BTW I am a teenager.

When I got up yesterday, it simply stopped working... I tried to charge it, but it was useless.Anyway, I've requested a replacement 2 days ago because of another problem which was  comparatively minor... I hope the new could be better.

This phone better than nexus 4 I also have. It is fast even with low memory and processor spec. Battery life is great but what is more impressive how this  phone charge quickly. Price is absolutely unbeatable in regards to low camara spec. I am budget conscious person and I like this phone.

This is my second smart phone.  Had a Iphone 3 before.  I love the Moto G!  The battery life if longer.  I just love this phone!

Awesome phone. If you want to make it truly fly in performance switch to the art runtime in the developer mode. The phone will launch applications twice as fast!!

very good,so quick but The camera is poor ,gps good ,wireless signal good &#65292;used it in China impersonal style For example can't Group messaging, after Conversation can't vibration

Rarely do I give any product 5 stars.  This phone is great.  I does everything I need it to and it does it well.  I have not had it to freeze up or stop working. I bought if for my wife for her birthday and she bought me one for my birthday.  She loves it as well.  Neither of us have had Apple products so we cannot compare it to that, but it does video well and it I use the calender, and many other of the Google Apps that come with it.  I don't think anyone is  unimpressed with this phone at its price point.

fast performanceall ready bought 3 pcs.longer battery life then previos phones i hadgood craftsmanshipcamera could perform better

I started to look for a replacement for my aging and often self-booting motorola droid 3 which has served me well for 2 1/2 years.  I had moved to straight talk this past year to escape the high per-month costs at Verizon.  Unfortunately, only the GSM version of the Moto G was available rather than a CDMA version, forcing me to move to the ATT world and purchase a SIM card from ST.  First of all, this is an excellent phone for people like me that use their phone for daily lower bandwidth applications such as email, texts, navigation, news, calendaring, google music or Pandora and the occasional youtube video.  I received the Android KitKat update about 1 1/2 weeks after receiving the phone.  The phone is responsive with the Android 4.4.2 OS being a vast improvement over the 2.3 version I was running on my Droid 3.  By improvement, I mean in terms of usability.  I am really enjoying the Google Now application as it tailors the "cards" presented to me based on my past browsing and location history.  The phone has been glitch free without any apparent issues after 2 weeks of pretty heavy usage.  The battery carries me the entire day with capacity to spare.  I do not watch movies or TV shows or play video games on my phone, so the lack of LTE does not affect me.  A big bonus for me was that my old droid 3 chargers (phone and home) work on the Moto G.  Investing in a new set of accessories can add a significant cost to the purchase price of the phone.  The only problem I had was the inability of the phone to receive SMS messages once I had set it up for use on the ST network.  This appears to be a widespread problem on ST with their latest ATT microsim cards.  I was able to resolve the problem by working with a ST person who contacted me after I wrote about the problem on one of the ST forums.  Everything seems to work perfectly now.  The only other phone I considered was the 16 Gbyte Nexus 5 which was $50 more, but has a faster processor, larger screen and LTE.  I wasn't able to justify the extra expense given what I use a cell phone for.  This phone is highly recommended.

Looking back, I just wish it was a dual SIMM and 4G, especially the 4G.  The dual simm wasn't available at the time and is now just available in India.Still I love it.  Radio isn't as good as wife's iPhone4s (normally has 1 bar less service when side by side in AT&T; service area).This is my first smart phone, and it was great for my needs.  Even more memory would be great, but who doesn't want everything 'faster, cheaper, easier' all at the same time?

I am on the phone now typing this. I absolutely love this little phone. This is great for the medium light user. The battery actually lasts me the whole day and the features are so fun. Highly recommend

This phone rates high so i got it for my kid.Got it fast and in great new shape.no wall charger,but already had one.had a micro sim card put in at AT&T store and they switch over the information for me.

This phone runs circles around a lot of high end phones that cost in the $500's. After seeing the reviews I took a chance. Best decision I've made in a long time.

I read that the camera was not too great but to my surprise it is great, nice picture even in the dark. Fast processor and nice screen. Overall excellent phone.

The reason for giving 4 and not 5 starts is because of camera quality. I feel Motorola could have done better. But for the price it is an almost awesome phone. I was using Nexus 5 before and I am pleasantly surprised by Moto G's long battery life. My Nexus 5 would hardly last me one entire day (24 hours) while Moto G can easily keep going for almost 2 days.Moto G does feels a bit slower compared to Nexus 5, but then what's the point of having fastest phone that needs to be charged two times a day? Moto G also have a battery saver option under Settings &#62; Battery. I have it On for the day I got it so can not speak on how much difference it made to battery life.Audio quality over speaker as well as from ear piece is clearer than Nexus 5. This phone also has FM Radio! but to use it it is required to plug in a headphone. Then you will also need to download a Widget app called &#34;HF Button&#34; to be able to hear radio from its speaker phone.What I really like about this phone is its perfect size. It is possible to operate it with one hand. It is bit heavier than my Nexus 5, but feels very sturdy.My only regret is the quality of camera. Pictures are not sharp and light in the background distorts entire picture. If camera is not a preference or if you are looking for a second phone, Moto G is the best phone out of what is available today.

I sold my iphone to get this.  That was probably the best deal I've ever made.  Bigger, higher resolution screen, faster processor, liberation from my apple imprisonment, no contract whatsoever.  I only wish I had done it earlier.

This is the most awesome thing I could have ever bought from amazon hands down. Really Cheap for the type of phone I was going for (no contract) and Motorola delivers on registration, help and advice, and even backs it with a standard one year warranty!

When you make a purchase that costs more than a day's wages you would expect some longevity out of it, at least I do,  This phone didn't even work for 5 months!  I did my research and then  purchased this phone to upgrade my hubby's dinosaur.  He just started to get used to it and then it stops working.  He turned it off, plugged it in to charge over night and then NOTHING!  It does not have a replaceable battery so that option is out,  It was supposed to be good as new, well that's not so.  What options do I have?  The obvious one is not to buy another phone from this seller,  Be ware!

I like very much the product! Its very good, worths the Money, but I think that the seller didnt especified very well so I couldnt know that this model dont come with other cases or even the charger usb plug.. So, just this point its not satisfying..

Great unlocked smartphone with latest android OS 4.4.2 updated out of the box! Fast and very good screen a MUST buy phone for prepaid and off contract smartphone users. My T-Mobile sim works great with fast 3G speed.

Ordered a white 8GB Moto G with LTE to replace a prior Sony flagship phone that was at the end of support. This phone is unlocked at a price that seems too good to be true, yet it is running the most up to date version of Android with little manufacturer modification. The hardware seems extremely well built, and the camera, while lacking the high pixel count of some of its rivals, takes much better pictures than my old phone's 13 MP sensor.

I have reviewed lots of smartphones and this one is one of the best by quality/price ratio.

great mobile for a great price.fast delivery and accurate description

Great bang for your buck. I finally transitioned from an old flip phone to a smart phone but didn't want to spend 500 dollars or be locked in a contract. This phone was the solution.The screen is crisp and looks sharp. I haven't had any lag or delay using apps with theprocessing power of the phone. The speaker for music sounds crisp and gets pretty loud. I end the day with about 35% battery life. The camera takes nice looking photographs.I would have liked a memory card slot and a removable battery but for 200 I can't complain.

Elegant cellphone.. is a good phone,.. kitkat, nice sound is is very nice... I bought another phone for my mon..!

The LTE version of the Moto G is a remarkable phone, and well worth twice its release price (two hundred and twenty).  I've owned more than a dozen Android devices (dating back to Eclair) and while the G is our first phone outside the walled garden of Verizon, I have many, many good things to say about it -- it's a shame I can't give it 6 stars!  It's important to remember that this phone should be judged, not against the best $500 and $600 phones available, but instead against unlocked mid-range phones in its price range.  In that match-up there is nothing that comes even remotely close.Here's a quick list of Pros and Cons, including a few comparisons to its sexier cousin the Moto X (we also own two of those!):Pros- excellent screen- excellent responsiveness -- no lag!  (impressive with "only" 1GB of RAM)- boots quickly- excellent battery life -- finishes a day of moderate use with more than 50% remaining- GPS is spot on with a fast lock- buttons are sturdy- nice "feel in the hand" (like the Moto X)- microSD slot! -- many (if not most) apps can be moved to an SD card- wifi tethering works! -- not sure if this varies by carrier but it's all good with Straight Talk- activation on Straight Talk (AT&T;'s network) was a breeze, and we're getting excellent LTE coverage (~20Mbps down) with one minor caveat (*see Cons)- Gorilla Glass screen much appreciated- includes the new Motorola Alert app (great for kids)- came with KitKat 4.4.3 installed, and stays first in line for new updates (no carrier delays!)- outstanding camera w/flash (doesn't compete with higher-end phones though)- only version of the G available in white so farCons- back "door" tricky to remove (fingernail helps!) to access SIM and SD cards- no charging plug included (only the phone and a USB cable in the box)- lacks many of the nice software extras on the Moto X (especially touchless control and active notifications)- slightly cheaper build quality than the Moto X (somewhat moot with a case)- *LTE is great in town but unfortunately no cell coverage at home (that's cool, wifi is fine!)- selection of cases still pretty limited (dumb that the E and X cases won't fit)- non-removable battery (back door comes off but it's screwed in!!!)As we've had it barely a week, I'll try and update as needed -- feel free to post questions in the comments area (though note:  I *can't* help with technical issues like "will it work in country X?" or "will it work on GSM carrier Y?").  But if you want me to test something out on the model+configuration+carrier we've got and I'll give it a shot!-Matt

More battery life - 2 days for normal use (5 hour display use)Pure android - only 2-3 Motorola appsFresh Android updates - now 4.4.3

This phone does almost everything I wanted it to do!Just wish the camera was better.I would recommend it to anybody who is not too keen about a high quality camera...

Bought this for my wife and the first one arrived with a sim card issue- Card was not recognized in the phone and then got stick there.  Amazon sent a new one and provided info for me to send the old one back.  Easy as pie - the new phone worked great.

I love this phone had some sound problem ear peaice low sound they rectified it supereb and I recommend for all

I love this MOTO G! It cost only 199$ - Why pay for contract with a wireless carrier?I installed many apps on the phone and the phone is still fast! (unlike other phones who extremely gets slow after you install many apps), great screen, and now I just got the KIT KAT OS and it's even faster.Sound quality is OK.The only thing that I didn't like was the buttons on the right (Power, Volume up/down) - They are too close one to each other and I'm used to have the power/volume buttons on a different side of the phone.You will enjoy this phone!

I'm an &#34;iphone girl&#34; so this android just didnt cut it. mine had some malfunctions that made it even worse to where i had to return it....BUT, had the phone worked perfectly, I'd say it was a pretty decent phone. If i hadnt already been exposed to the glorious apple world, I probably wouldve really liked it.

The battery lasts long enough for me.  Up to several days.  But I don't use apps I don't need and I changed settings to disable auto updates of apps and the phone and any other setting I could find that would keep the phone from doing things behind the scenes.  I also don't use it for 3g data except in emergencies, only local wireless. It goes into hibernate mode too fast for my tastes but I haven't found where that setting is.Absolutely love the google keyboard app that allows swiping words instead of hunt and peck.Granted this is my first smartphone and don't have any other variety to compare it to.Only downside is Google sold Motorola.

I've used it for a little while. It works great, sometimes GoogleVoice crashes, but I think it's the app itself that is a problem. Great phone, especially considering the price.

it's amazing what this smart phone can do for only 199.99 dollar I really like, I am very happy to see it purchased

I cannot say its the best but its good at its class of mobiles with  latest android os and th epicture quality is good.

First of all, this phone is great for the price. It's responsive, call quality is good, apps run quickly and smoothly. It's a great phone.My one major issue is that the sound quality when plugging headphones or a stereo into the 3.5 mm jack is HORRIBLE. I use my phone a lot to stream music into my home and work stereo. I first plugged my work stereo into this phone and right away could tell that something was way off. Bass is too loud and very muddy, vocals are drowned out, entire parts of the music just seem to be missing. I thought it might just be the stereo, so I plugged in at home and got the same bad result. Plugged in a set of headphones and sure enough, sludge-y bass and no balance. I then went back and plugged in my old HTC Evo just to make sure it wasn't me. Nope. The Evo was crisp, clear, and well balanced.I've tried installing a couple equalizer apps, but nothing seems to get the sound right.So, buyer beware, if you listen to a lot of music through your phone, this may not be the one for you.EDIT 2/7/14:After playing around with the phone a bit, I discovered that there's actually a built-in equalizer with some presets. The phone comes shipped with the "Bass Punch" preset on, PLUS a sound effect called "3D stereo" AND a "live" surround effect. These effects sound TERRIBLE. But you can turn the effects off and then you have a usable music output. WHY OH WHY OH WHY Motorola would ship this phone with these awful sound "enhancements" turned on by default is beyond me. I was hours away from returning the phone before discovering these settings.I am not an audiophile, nor a music snob, the music quality is really THAT bad before you "fix" it by turning off these effects.Anyway, I'm changing my rating from 4 to 5 stars now that I know the music issue is fixable.

Buttons rattle a little but only if you shake it hard enough. But who would wanna do that? 1GB of RAM seems little but it is sufficient for the KitKat OS. Well, I don't play games on it as it was meant as a spare phone. Your needs may vary.

I've had low end phones for a while, starting with the optimus v, htc one v and now im here.Let me tell you this right now: DO NOT EVER call this a low end phone.It  does everything soo well, the display, the speed, battery easily lasts a day (moderate use). I can't tell you how amazing it is to have a phone with virtually no lag. I used to be worried about someone using my phone (lag, reboots) but now its no problem. Everything is fast and matches high end phones. Don't be worried that it's not a 5" screen, 4.5" is way big enough. BTW it came with Kitkat ready to install. I ususally root my phones as soon as i get them, but honestly, there's no need to root this phone. It's plenty fast, battery is good, and it's just as close to perfect as you can get. Camera is pretty s***ty though, but oh well.

Awesome phone for the money.  Had a Galaxy note that crashed almost 7 months before contract expires.  Had to activate my old BlackBerry while waiting for this phone to be released but it was well worth it.  It is just as fast as any phone out there.  The screen is a decent size.  It came with the latest OS kit Kat and best of all it is unlocked out the box for 219 bucks!  My only minor criticism is the camera is only 5 mp but for posting on Facebook and emailing pics to parents it does the trick.

I bought this for a trip to Europe it worked great, made getting around easier and I was able to get a pre-paid plan and SIM once I landed at my destination for about 40 Euro.  When I was done I sold it and ended up getting most of my money back but when my contract is up my next phone will almost certianly be a Moto G.They have this phone on Republic Wireless now, Republic is a really low cost carrier in the US my Dad asked me what the difference between this and the more expensive Moto X is.  The main difference is the G is only 3G and the X supports faster 4G networks  other than that the hardware specs are better in some ways on the X as well but the 3G / 4G thing is probably the biggest factor for most people.

is this the best phone on the market...no.  there are faster, bigger and brighter phones.  This phone is able to do everything I want except store music on an SD card for under $200.  That has enabled me to get out from under AT&T;'s contract and will save me a boat load of money and give me the freedom to move to another provider (thinking T-mobile atm).This phone is pretty fast and has awesome graphics for games, it is stuck with 3G but that is no big deal as I had no issues watching Netflix, Xfinity or hulu.  HBOGo was a tad bit picky playing back movies, it would start and play for 10-15 min and buffer every once and awhile before the screen went blank.  This happened about half the time on 3G, HBOGo works great on WiFi.

Great phone thanks.

There are still a lot of things I have to discover about this phone, but so far I'm really glad I bought it. The price certainly plays an important part in it. Because of the reviews I didn't expect much of the camera, but it's so much better than what people generally say. I haven't made any phone calls yet, because I'm abroad, but email, whatsapp (even by dictation), maps, google, videos, everything works just fine.However, Importing the contacts data from my Nokia is a lot of work, this works only well from Android or iPhone.The battery I thought would last a bit longer, especially since I don't watch movies or play games on it.But as I said I'm very happy with this phone, and I'll certainly recommend it to (non-technical) users like me.

No contract unlocked smartphone by Google - Made by Motorola is the best choice for people who don't want to pay monthly.This can also be used overseas without any issues.

I received this phone 4 days back and I just love it. It is a very good phone and Amazon gives it to you at the best price.I personally liked the touch response. It was very smooth and provides a good response. For a first time smart phone user like me, it was easy to understand it and start using it. It is a lot better than the samsung phones at this rate. Google play is an awesome feature added to this.The only downside to this is the battery life. But it is based on how you use it.My suggestion is to go for it!!! U will love it :)

Compre este equipo motorola moto g  y cubri&oacute; mis expectativas, es un gran equipo. / Buy this phone moto g and met my expectations, it's a great cell phone.

Not only meet my expectation, the phone exceeds my expectation for a $199 phone. The phone is fast, responsive, it provides a nexus like experience. Well done Moto under the google hat &#65306;p

Its a very good product. It has a very good performance for the price and i like so much the cosmetic.

Best phone I've ever owned! The clearest display ever! The speakers are literally like a boom box! Fast! Easy to use! Photo editing! This is the best phone out there for a great value! I'm in love with it! And the best part is it's updated to Android 4.4.2?!! &#60;3 Wow!

My son is very pleased with the Moto G phone!  The phone works great and he is still finding bells and whistles after having it for a month. He loves it and I plan to get one soon as well!  Thank you!  A+ for the phone!

Very nice phone exceed my expectations! Camera could be a little better, but we cannot ask for everything at this price...

Great phone for an unbelievable price. Preforms BETTER THAN MY SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3.

every thing is good,the reaction is so fast,sound is loud enough,screen is clear,with a sharp colorful back.but the camera.I don't want to talk how bad it is.

I could in no way justify the money most good smart phones cost.  After much homework I settled on this phone.  I've played around with S3' s, and owned some cheap smart phones.  This performs as well as an S3 for 99% of what average user will do.  For $200 this is a complete home run.  I use it with straight talk.  Only frustration I had was searching for apn settings that worked, once I did everything worked great.

The Phone is cheap but it has everything that you are looking for. It has a great screen and great features

It met all my expectations.  The price was great.  I had no problem switching phones, insert SIM off and running (Metro Pcs).  Also, it is fast even at 3g speeds.

Seemed like a good product....tried it for a days but wife (it's for her use) didn't like it cause screen is not large enough.

I've bought this phone right after being fed up with some chinese-designed phones which promised a lot but in fact they were no more than a cheap copy of the best phones in the market, not only their guarantee had a duration of six month but also the phone itslef, and I'm not talking only about the hardware and software but also the relation between both of them.As implied before, I was looking for a phone which really accomplished all things a polished phone should have, that's why I spent more than two weeks doing no thing more than looking for this phone and I've found several, like the Iphone 5s, Samsung galaxy S4, Google nexus 5 and HTC one but, as an average student I couldn't afford them so I kept looking until, from out of the blue I read an article that was Google the one which was at that time running Motorola Company, and one link led to another and as a final result I came up upon this phone.When I first started reading about this phone I was amazed by the fact that it didn't had anything  which disappointed me and, after watching several reviews of it on youtube I decided to buy it.First impressions...As always I had no problems neither with delivery nor with what was inside of it. As expected the phone the second I opened the box was already charming, and I was surprised by the soft design of its curves and the material of the phone because you can tell whether it is a compact stylish one the second you put your hands on it. Right after you plug it in it starts playing a beautiful presentation of which I am still not tired of, but as you may expect there was more to be impressed about, beginning with the 8gb of internal memory which in my case are more than what I need but if you need more space which is understandable you can buy the 16gb version by adding 20 dollars. As it is a quad core phone it can compete in terms of hardware with the high-end phones. When it comes to connectivity the phone has a really fast and smooth connection whether using 3g or WiFi network. The screen is just outstanding, it has a very good contrast and a very good definition as well, the notification light isn't a step back because it has a strong light which turns on and off slightly. Finally if there is something to complain about it would be the 5 megapixel camera which in my opinion it can capture the moment fine and you have the possibility to take a photo of an A4 sheet which in my case it is something which shouldn't be turned a blind eye.Having put all cards on the table I would like to add one more thing which is that the phone is perfectly smooth, it has neither crashed nor lagged, and the reason of this is the complete compatibility between software and hardware because as the Iphone this phone is made by the same company which has built the operating system, something which rarely happens.All in all I feel the need of contributing by recommending this thing and encourage the manufacturing and designing of this kind of polished gadgets which have a lower percentage of revenue and whose aim is to make the best available to the average population.

Update:Here is how to get Chinese and other language options (in Chinese)[...]Basically you root your phone and flash a UK ROM.Original:The phone feels great when holding in hand. Screen is awesome.However I have to return it because of lock of Chinese system locale. I bought Global GSM Unlocked version for my parents in China. As some other reviews mentioned there are only 4 locale options: English, Espanol, France, Portuguese. I understand these cover the largest population on the earth. I just don't know how hard it was for Motorola to add Chinese locales for one of larges "emerging market", where the phone is supposed to target. And how hard is it to add a way for installing system language from Google play or apk?Note I'm not talking about input method or display font, it's system language pack. There are third party apps but reviews say they are not that good. I know I could wait a couple weeks/months and install a custom rom. But does that sound really like a plan, Moto?And Amazon, please mention the language support limitation somewhere to save your custom support cost. A modern "smartphone" should have the ability to support any system language. If it doesn't, it's something worth highlighting in product description.

The phone got here fast and it works amazing regardless of the price. Which did I mention is amazing? The software has a few bugs here in there but I'm sure it nothing they can't fix and the overall experience is great.

The phone is responsive and I have had no problems making calls with it.The only negative is that there is micro-sd slot to expand memory further

Very fast and excelent 100%

This phone is such an improvement over my old Samsung Galaxy S II from Sprint.  I'm using Consumer Cellular, which uses AT&T;'s towers, and is a vast improvement over Sprint - in case you're shopping for carriers as well as a phone.  Motorola has built-in an app that makes moving everything from your old phone to this one a snap.  I'd hoped when I read the reviews of the original Moto G that they'd come up with a 4G/LTE model with provision for added storage, and they did!  It's well worth the few extra bucks vs. the original model.  Battery life is an easy 2 days vs. barely 1 day with my old Samsung.  My only concern is that the Moto G's battery is not user-replaceable.  I'm hoping that when it's new battery time, there's a reasonably priced way to do that.  I've paired it with an Otterbox Defender case and the two work very well together.By the way, I've read negative user-reviews of the Moto G's camera, but in normal daylight, it's been working just fine.  If you want &#34;artsy&#34; or better quality, buy a Nikon or a Canon camera!Thusfar, I'm 100% pleased!

Pretty good! I wish I could use 4G on it! The performance is good! Has a built-in security features from Motorola.

$200 for more or less the same features as phones that cost three times as much.  You cannot go wrong with this!

super value in its class.It's fast and its battery lasts more than a day.recommend for smartphone starter and anyone.

Ordered a Global GSM version which has been optimized for global roaming 3G. (Clarification Edit: I bought Global GSM as this is a gift for someone in SouthEast Asia)The phone deserves 5 star.SCREEN 1280720 4.5-inch IPS (329 PPI) - Corning's Gorilla Glass 3, Even the new Nexus7 2013 model doesnt has Corning Gorilla Glass 3. This was something which made me surprisingly happy.OS Android 4.3 - Hopefully upgrades will be available more often, as belongs to Google parent companyCPU 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 (quad-core Cortex A7) - This is what does the magic of increasing battery life, which giving amazing performanceRAM 1GB + Adreno 305 - Enough to play Temple Run 2 without lag.CAMERA 5MP rear camera - Can be called drawback, but hey its $179 phoneMoto will soon offer nice set of colorful rear shells and coversFM Radio - Few newer phones like Nexus 5 dont ship with inbuilt FM RadioConsNo power adaptor, just the USB1GB RAM might get outdated soon enough3G might look slow to some who are used to LTENo NFC, No 5GHz 802.11n8GB version - I should have ordered the 16GB oneIn short its like a low end version of Nexus devices google has been launching, powerful yet cheap.

Great phone. The best value for money you can get.  Come with the latest android version. Very fast and very smooth with the Android vanilla experience.

Works really good and is a great bargain, competes with current top of the line products out there. Bang for your buck.

Very good phone, and cheap at the same time. I will recommend it to my friend who have to buy one

This phone is awesome. Great build and beautiful display. The sound from the speaker is loud. I just love my moto g

This is a good smartphone for people who want something inexpensive and will have all the regular functionality of a typical smartphone. Screen looks good, the OS and apps all seem to run smoothly. Memory is non-expandable but most people won't notice or care about that. Nice deal.

I will start by saying, I haven't owned a smartphone since the Samsung Stratosphere came out.  I decided to give it a shot again and after purchasing this, I am definitely happy.  Motorola has always been a great producer of phones of all kinds.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the phone for the price.  Now I am enjoying downloading all of the applications that the Play Store has to offer for my needs and am also happily on the Straight Talk network.  Why pay all the big contract fees when I can have it all for 45/month and a great phone?  Amazon delivered an awesome product to me, thank you for not charging ridiculous prices!

after 2 weeks i got the KitKat 4.4.2 works gratethe screen is very good and the phone work for 2-3 days with no charging

for its price - this is a work of art!love it!good screen amd fine camera, the software is almost pure stock, comftorble and no bloatware

Excellent product. Only problem was AT&T did not recognize the IMEI number and it took extra time to get it on our plan.

I bought the 8GB version last week and just got it activated on Straight Talk. It was simple and fairly easy to do.As for the phone itself, I love it so far. It's a HUGE step up from a Samsung Galaxy Proclaim. It blows everything in its price range away. I haven't had this phone long enough to do an in depth review, but I highly recommend it at the moment. I will also add that you should not be expecting a Moto X or a high end phone. This doesn't fall in that category.As of right now, I have no issues with this phone. I will update here if something changes.Update!!! So far it's working very well on the AT&T; side of Straight Talk except I cannot receive images via text messaging. This should be easily fixed by changing the APN settings. If you aren't tech-savvy you may not want to buy this phone, but it's still pretty easy to set up with little instruction.

it's just perfect, easy to handle and all functions I use are working great! For this price there is nothing better!

Excellent

Only complaint is the absence of a easy to follow instruction book, with pictures of the screen and the functions of all the items.

Every thing about this phone is just sweet: display, speed, handling of apps, battery life, speakers, e.t.c. I haven't used the camera enough times to form an opinion but few pictures taken aren't bad.Initially, it was not doing 3G when I inserted my SIM. This made me to google the problem on the net which led me to doing a factory reset. However, I was to eventually find out that my service provider had suspended 3G on my SIM. The moment this was activated, the phone became a delight as mobile data and hotspot became fast. Also, the factory reset was so seamless with all the apps I had installed in the short time of owning this phone reinstalled back. Download speed over WIFI is quite okay.For the price of $199.99 I got this phone on Amazon, it is probably one of if not best value for money in the market.- Inans

The phone is great though.  As international version, there is no Chinese language?  Kidding me?  What does Moto think?  Really not concerned.

Fantastic phone works as expected, fast and reliable! So far no complaints, is the best choice you can make in that price range, if you're looking for an affordable phone yet fast enough to suit your needs on the smartphones world, Moto G is the one!

Bought this as replacement when wife broke screen on Samsung S-3.  She actually likes this phone better!  Bare bones android os means less junk on your phone, making use and navigation through menus much cleaner/easier.  Can't be quality/functionality for the price.

Just a simple android phone built by Motorola.Lots of features, and easy to use.I hope the sparks a revolution for affordable phones everywhere.

I've been using this phone (with T-mobile) for about a week so far, and it's working wonderfully. Smooth, fast, clear and some great functions. Feels good, perfect size (had a bigger phone before this, it was just too much). Very pleased with the way apps work and the service quality with calls and texts (even though same provider, past phones seemed to have poorer connections). I will try to update this later if anything changes but I'm so glad reasonably priced phones like this exist. Not everyone can or even wants to spend a bajillion bucks on a phone so this is great. No complaints at all so far.

I have owned the iPhone 5c, Samsung Galaxy S3, S4 and more.  I sold my S4 because I didn't like the size and bulk of the phone.  I started looking for a phone that was the size of an iPhone, that was android, and that had a decent camera.  After many videos and tons of research, I found the Moto G. Moto x is better but double the price and Nexus 5 was too big for meThe camera.. after many reviews of this phone, the downside was the the camera, but for $200 bucks why not try it.  The camera is great!! I don't know what people are doing, but all my pics turn out as good as my old iPhone 5c. The only problem is low light videos,and pics then you get unclear photos, but thats it! Outdoor shots taken with my wife's 5s are a little better but not by much,but there are only a few camera phones that look good in low light and they cost triple the price of this.The phone is super fast!  I have done everything on this phone that you can and never ran into any lag or reboots. I would say just as fast as an iPhone 5 a little slower than Galaxy s4 when you update to KITKATThe phone itself looks larger on videos that I watched on youtube, but It's not!  It is almost the same size as my wife's iPhone 5s with the display almost identical! Gorgeous display!The phone is super slippery, so I ordered the grip case from Motorola to help with that.This phone rocks! for under $200 , there is nothing that can beat it!  I compare it to an iPhone 5c but with a fm radio  and larger screenPros. Amazing Display. Awesome Battery Life. Super Fast. Great Camera. Perfect size for hand. FREE 50 gig of storage Google Drive. Feels like a $500 phone. KitkatCons. Super slipper shell. One colored Led notification. No sd card slot. No removable batteryStill can't believe this is under $200

so, i got this phone a few weeks ago and i have to say that this Moto G is amazing, the screen is georgous, the battery life of this phone is unbelievable, i can go trought a hole day of usage with this phone (internet,videos, some games etc.) and still have like 20-30% of charge by the end of the day, the phone is also really smooth and it comes with android 4.4.2 i havent had any laggs on games or using the phone. this is definitely the best phone i ever seen on this price range, this phone could easily be at least $280-300 dollars.motorola just won me as a customer again after 6 years of not buying a motorola phone. they really did a great job with this phone

good screen - bright, colorful and responsive, fast. good battery life - lasts a full day easilyon the down side - a bit heavy (but i like the solid feel it gives the phone). no sd slot - though 16GB is more than enough for me. camera is a second grade one.bottom line - it's not top notch, but nothing come close to the value for money of this phone.

Great product!  My husband and I have one and we are completely satisfied with Motorola Moto G phone. I recommend this phone to anyone.

After 6months I am still ecstatic about the Moto G. I am using it with StraightTalk in my area and never seem to have any problems. I've had other droid devices and found them to run out of battery too quickly. I find the battery on the Moto G to be pretty long lasting. A large part of my job is running various social media channels and I have nothing but praise for the phone in that regard. I never experience any lagging or troubles in doing my work on different apps.

Without the SD card class 10 card issues I would give the phone 5 stars.Serious SD card issues with the 4G LTE phone and Motorola knows about it. However their tech support just asks you to do a reset, then send it back. I sent it back, and ordered a new one from Amazon.  Its a five star phone that has a 1 star problem. It will not accept in many cases but not all, a SanDisk Class 10 32 gig SD card.  It will not accept a lot of class 10 cards. It will accept some class 10, and slower cards like class 6 and  class 4, I tested that myself.  I got two new cards, SanDisk class 10 SD HC-1, one 16gig and one 32 gig. Neither one worked on one phone, and I tried 3 other SanDisk class 10 32 gig cards out of my cameras, all the same, cards bought within the last 6 months, all working. None worked in one phone. Which was returned.  One phone accepted the 16 gig class 10 SanDisk. I kept that one. It seems to me Motorola tech could have told me it was a known issue, but he said, &#34;return it&#34;. Maybe its a bad contact....who knows.I do not think the size of the card is an issue, larger cards can be formatted in the phone if THEY are able to mount.I think access speed of some cards is an issue.  Its a bug that Motorola says they are working on. It makes one feel insecure about the phone. None of the 8 gig non LTE phones are having an issue, and the phones internal storage is fine.You should format the SD card with SDFORMATTER in windows, fat 32, drop an image on the card on the PC, test the card, put it in the phone,  and try to move the image from internal storage to the SD card, see if you are able to erase and format in the phone. You may get a message that the card may be corrupted. That is probably not true.The safe thing to do, is put in an older class 6 or 4,  till the bug is fixed. Yeah its irritating.  Only one fast 32 gig card worked for me. I had gotten a 32 gig class 10 Lexar, 300x on sale, they have a faster one, at 600x, the 300x was rated the same 45mb/s as the SanDisk, but it is working fine so far. I have a feeling the 600x Lexar would be a fail.I like the phone, I do not like the trouble I had making it work or the insecure feeling about the SD slot and storage.

I just wish it worked for Verizon (post paid, not the prepaid, which there's another version of the same phone for that).I also wish it was 4G, but it's still very good.  I'm guessing the quad core processor makes up for the 3G speed, when comparing to my Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX.  The battery life is on par; not like my MAXX, but not bad either.

accessories of moto G are too less, even not including a charging...its worth 192bulks, better than my lg optimus!its a gift for my mom.good!

I wanted to buy a cheap android smart phone for my mom and this was like the complete package. She really loved the phone. The camera is decent. Battery life is awesome for now (it has been just a month so I am not sure how well this would work in future) But assuming it is a smartphone, I am sure it is much better than other ones. Simply awesome for the price!

is an amazing cellphone, the best about the anothers mid gamma smartphonesis an amazing cellphone, the best about the anothers mid gamma smartphones

One of the best smartphones currently on the market. Excellent build quality, great battery life, excellent screen no lags in interface. Camera could be better, but good enough if you don't need the best quality.

This was a gift for a close relative.I would totally consider buying this phone for myself, since I buy devices based on user experience, not specs.The main reason I probably won't is the camera it comes with -- the pictures and videos taken with it (even in perfect light) look like from an old, cheap point-and-shoot with very aggressive noise reduction.I use my phone to document things on the go - if I photograph a page, I need to be able to read the text. That's not always the case with the Moto G.Seriously, the camera is my ONLY issue with this phone.

I got this as a replacement for my old iPhone that Apple decided to stop supporting a long time ago. Love the android freedom! I don't particularly care for the cluttered and non-intuitive user interface, but once I set it up the way I wanted it, it's been smooth sailing. Amazing phone for the price!

My husband got this phone in black and I got it in white. We love our phones. Can't believe it took us this long to get smartphones, but it did. Thank goodness the rates have gone down on plans from where they use to be.So its more affordable now. These phones do EVERYTHING anyone could ever want. They are not Samsung S5's but I can't imagine they are that much better than these Motorola's......for the price!!!!!!

make sure to get the unlocked version. you pay a little more, but my wife and i bought this one and are using it with straight talk and it is seriously the perfect phone for us. and the price is miles ahead of the competition. for the price it is the best phone out there, great specs, very sturdy, and a decent amount of cool cases too.

Simply perfect! Fast, amazing battery life, durable, awesome screen. The only thing that could make this phone better is to have an SD card slot and HDMI out.

The Moto G is the best phone that you could get for USD 200. Motorola decision to keep its Android as pure as possible helps to provide a better user experience.

I love this Phone i have had a galaxy s3 a BlackBerry z10 and Believe me for this price tag its a super Phone.  Love the screen resolution the bezels the front facing camara its great and for 200$ makes everything better but thats not all when you buy it from Amazon its unlocked and you get it in like 2 days.

It runs smooth and has a good coverage.  The screen is looking great and is reactive to the touch.  The size is perfect.  Great product so far.

Excellent smartphone.Perfect display. Android 4.3, but update to 4.4 instantly.16 Gb - not bad.If you want an excellent smartphone - don't worry and buy moto g5/5

Good One

great product and service.first phone I ordered got battery damaged, but they replace it to quick. second one I received was great.

I have had two of these phones, both with the same issues.  The speaker does not work correctly.  One minute you can hear fine and the next minute you can barely hear the other person when you have the phone on speaker and pressed up against your ear.  Everything else about this phone is great but the phone is not worth the money if you cannot talk on it correctly.

The phone I first received was not operating correctly and I was forced to return it. With Amazon's customer support this was not a problem. The second phone is working flawlessly. The phone looks great, the image quality on the screen is sharp and clear. The volume and clarity of the speaker is a big plus. Also the responsiveness of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 quad-core processor with built-in 4G LTE is very snappy and is a joy to use. Only time will tell concerning the negative aspects of a built in battery. But I must say the phone does an outstanding job of managing power usage. I do not feel constrained in my use of the phones features as I have with other phones I have owned because of a short battery life. At this time I really can not point to any negatives associated with this device.I could go on but you get the point. For the money this phone is just outstanding and I could not be happier with my purchase.

Excellent cell phone with high specifications and especially a lot of low price, high compatibility with cellular operators and recent updates

First off let me say this is not a high-end smartphone so it's not fair to compare it to any other high-end smartphone like the Moto X or the Nexus fiveFor the price this phone is amazing it is by far the best low-end smartphone nothing even comes closeQuad core processorHD screen ( 720 and not 1080 )It has android 4.4 kit kat which no other phone other than the Nexus devices are running android 4.4 which is a huge plusIt's more or less stock android which is also getting goodAnd the few tweaks that Motorola adds to the stock android is makes a better does not make it worseDon't get me wrong this phone has its faults but for the price that you pay of 199 you can live with them it's perfectly fine the best phone at that price hands-downIt works with AT&T; it works with T-Mobile and works with MetroPCS and I'm talking about the US version not the global versionIf you are looking to buy one you're better off buying the 16 gb version versus the 8 gb  because for $20 more you get double the amount of memory so don't even think about it 16 gb is the one you should get if you're thinking about getting this phoneUPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATEafter having bought 2 of these since i liked it one for brother and one for my mother i have noticed one major issue on both of themthe speaker stopped working and nothing fixes it and for that i took off 2 stars otherwise the phone works fineUPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATEreplacement has the same exact issue speaker does not work at all this is really weird all 4 phones i have received have the same exact issue therefor i am dropping it to one star

I have this phone for a month and man i love it. With mobile data using the phone consistantly for 14hours it only used 75% of the battery! the 16gb is full and the phone doesnt freeze at all. Only thing i dislike about the phone is that it doesnt come with an SD Card reader but other than that. One awesome phone. I was gonna bay an S4 but after buying this phone i know if i went for an S4 it wouldof been a waste of money. Im rating this as a 4star. Why not a 5star? Because it doesnt have an SD Card reader. But awesome phone!

Great cellphone for the price

Tel&eacute;fono que funciona perfecto para Venezuela, es bastante r&aacute;pido a pesar del precio y es perfecto que tenga un android de stock, no tiene mucho que envidiarle a un S3, la c&aacute;mara si no es muy buena, hace el trabajo.  Tengo varios meses con el y anda perfecto.

The Moto G has a nice bright large screen. It is quick and responsive. I'm using it on T-Mobile and it is running on their HSP+ network, which is pretty quick for now. I have nothing bad to say for an unlock $170 phone. Google sold Motorola to  Lenovo. I hope they continue the trend.

Good phone for the price.Except for the Camera every thing else is as good as any other Android phone. Good Job motorola

Actually, It beats more pricey android smartphones on the market as well. Great build quality, good sound, great display. Good performance, if we consider the pricing.If you are looking for the cheap phone, but still want to have a good specs and high quality product, this is the phone for you.

Thought I would never give up my flip cell phone. When I finally admitted it was a dinosaur, I started looking at the phones available through my carrier. Picked out a couple of possibilities and asked a knowledgeable co-worker what he thought. Without looking at my choices, he said if he were to get a new phone, it would be a Moto G, that it was a better product/value than phones costing 2 or 3 times as much. I took his advice and I'm glad I did. This is a great phone.

I can do everything that can be done in a high-end phone but I only paid $200. Highly recommend it!

Great phone for the price, great performance. Shouldn't expect too much from the camera. Android isn't so great though. Have experienced some software related glitches.

Best phone price/performance relation. I picked it up to replace my former samsung galaxy s3 mini. One cons is 3g network only, but as I'm always on wifi hot spot no problem. No sd card slot but 16gb is enough for me. I shipped it to Venezuela and it runs fine under Movistar network. Just inserted the sim card and it work. As soon as it started it asked me to update to kit kat 4.4.2 (comes with 4.3 jelly bean from factory) it's fast and the display is big enough to use it with my fingers and no pain to read since resolution is hd and size is almost 5 inches. This model comes with no dock connector and no headphones as well.

I love it, i from Venezuela, and this is perfect in this country, takes 3g whit any sim, tree months and any problem at all

Motorola knows that the phone goes from 100% to 0% in a second, they acknowledge the problem but they did not fix it for several months now.According to Motorola it is a software problem but who knows if they don't lie.Stay away from this phone until this bug is fixed your alarm will not wake you up, it can drop dead in your pocket and you would not know it and some people said the phone did not turn again.The bug affect ALL of the cellphone includng the google play edition

I bought this to use with straight talk.  I didn't like any phones straight talk offered so I picked up this one and bought an AT&T Sim card through the &#34;bring your own phone&#34; plan.  It was a bit challenging because if straight talk, but the phone works great, has a lot of awesome features, and was worth every penny.  Plus after it was all said and done I have better reception and cut my bill in half.  I believe this would also work with AT&T go phones and if you were under contract with AT&T.  A great option if you are still under contract and broke your phone.

Most of the pros and cons are well documneted in the other reviews.  For my purposes, I would agree that this is about the best unlocked phone you can buy for the price, especially if you prefer android. I haven't had it long enough to know how well the batter will perform -- that is my one concern, but if it does hold out then I will be extremely pleased.

With the product itself does not have a problem, it is a great smartphone, realy. The problem is that the announcement had few details, as if it was a dual card or no, it would come with colorful covers or not, it would come with the source or not, and in my situation, came without covers, without the power and he only to have a one card (SIM). Ronaldo Moraes

The Moto G is the best bang for the buck. The only downside to this phone is lack of LTE, but I knew this before buying it. I would definitely recommend buying this phone.If more people bought unlocked phones like this and used prepaid plans they could cut their monthly cellular bills in half and hopefully change the way carriers(with their excessive fees and charges) do business.I don't know if most people know that their supposedly free phones are costing them hundreds of dollars with their two year contracts.

Nice features, run apps smoothly, and build quality it's very decent. Buy yourself a nice case for it and you're ready to go!The only con is the absence of micro SD slot, but at this price..what else can you ask?

I like the stock Android interface without all the carrier crapware.  I use it on a pay as you go network with no problems.  Only wish it was 4G, other than that I would recommend this phone to anyone needing a solid but not state of the art smart phone.

This is one the Few phones that worths the money. Fast, Good Battery, No launchers, and 200usd... Very hard to miss this opportunity.

I really like this phone, its very fast, perfect size and very good sensitive touch. very recommended for any android fan.

This is a great for and for the price, you can't bet it. I bought the for travel in Europe. It worked great.

Motorola Moto G - US GSM - Unlocked - 16GBMy husband bought me this phone for Christmas. I love it--except... the battery was dead and the phone would not turn on when plugged in to car or wall charger. My husband says, "Having a reliable cellphone is a matter of life and death.  The Moto G is not reliable and will leave you stranded when you need it most.  When you perform an Internet search for "Moto G won't turn on" you will see what I mean.  When a Moto G battery discharges, it will not turn on.  At all.  Even if plugged into a charger for hours.  It will not charge and it will not turn on.  This means that if you have an emergency, you cannot call for help.  If you need to look up a phone number so you can borrow someone else's phone to use to call for help, your Moto G will not show you the number you need.  No text, no voice, no email, no contacts, no kidding.The secret to getting it working is to leave it alone over night, not plugged in, not charging.  After 12 hours of idleness, when you finally plug it in, it might begin charging.  At this point, the Moto G is still useless.  It will not turn on even though it has a few percent of battery life and is plugged into a charger.  Finally, when it has about a 10% charge, the phone will allow you to turn it on.  I have used cellphones for over 20 years and until now, I have never had a phone that will not turn on when it is plugged into a car or wall charger.  If the battery of a Moto G does not have a few percent of battery charge, it will not turn on.  Period.  Further, it will not begin to take a charge unless it is allowed to rest at least over night.  Some people report it must rest (not plugged in, and with no buttons pushed) for 24 hours.  However, if you want a cheap, fancy, unreliable Android, then this phone might be for you."

Not connecting 3G in Saudi ArabiaCamera is badBut it is worthy to buy if you are not using cellular data

This phone is a 5 star phone. My good friend who is into IT recommended I purchase it and I am glad I did. Battery life is incredible even when I leave my internet connection on, the megapixel on the camera is great and I love all the new updates. I use the navigation/google map a lot and I love it.I highly recommend this phone.

But broke after one fall on cement.. sad. uhm... get Metro PCS.. M E O W ME O W w

A great phone for the money. Why waste extra bucks, when this one does all, that needs to be done with a phone. Fast, efficient, and a long lasting battery.Google should have kept Motorola.

I really love this phone, have everything I was looking for and the price is really worth it. Very crip display, no lag, fantastic sound and video quality. I took one start away only because of the camera apart from that this is a fantastic smartphone.

Finally received my Moto G this past weekend after waiting two weeks. I ordered the phone directly from Motorola. I did not have micro sim card for it so I cut up my sim that I had been using with my Nokia E71. I also had to set up the APN profile but got it to work and so far I really like this phone. The 3G speed performance is much better than what I was getting with the E71. The phone size is perfect for my needs and there is hardly any lag when opening apps. The battery life is very good. I have only charged it once so far and after two days of being on with lite use, it's still at over 50%. My family members have Iphone's and I see them charging their phones everyday. I was reading about the screen being on the dim side but I don't agree. The camera is ok and it does not come with an AC charger so I use my Nexus 7 charger. Great phone and so far no issues.

A very good phone for the price. I little bit overweight but nothing to worry about. Buy this phone if you don't want spend a lot of money.

Wonderful device. Bought two of it. Great value for money. Runs fast and well. Camera ok not more.  Battery life very good. Had atrix and atrix 2 before. This one much more stable. Would recommend it to my friends

The item doesnt came with all accesorios it left the earphone and chargers it only cane with USB cable. The Iphone was un ver y ver y hood condici&oacute;n

Yes I have bought 3 devices from This Moto G and only one worked fine while the others were defective. The 1st defective device wasn't responsive to touch at all I couldn't even log in the android system. and I requested a return. the replacement device that I have received turns to be defective too as the screen was full of glitches and it keeps shaking and flicking forever. So I'm returning the replacement and asked for another replacement today and lets wait and see if the other device will be defective on arrival too or not.2 Stars for the Design which I like and the price, I will update the feedback upon arrival of the 3rd replacement.

When I saw the price of the unit I found quite economic. But when testing it, I was impressed by all the good characteristics that has. It is a very good buy. And their attention was also very good. Thank you!!

I personally own a Samsung flagship, the Galaxy S4. So am gonna write my experience based on the comparison with the S4. I know it's not fair, but at least it gives you an idea on whether had motorola skimped too much on this moto G.Pros:1. Screen is surprisingly clear and bright, i would say better than any smartphones that are priced below USD300.2. Minimalistic - easy to use (could be a downside too coz many shortcuts are skimped too!)3. Good weight and good to hold. It feels like it costs USD400 at least.Cons:1. Weak camera, sucks bad in fact.2. Cheap and flimsy unlock and volume rocker button.3. Wifi receiver is a bit weak, im having 3 bars of reception (out of 4 bars) despite am just 2 feet away from my router. I have full bars with my S4 and iPhone 4 at the same distance.4. Lots of shortcuts are skimped (too minimalistic). Could be an inconvenience for some users.5. No chinese operating interface. I dont need it coz i'm english literate. But then, is it so hard to add in that little feature???

I recently traveled across the U.S. via the midwest and back across the south. My wife owns an HTC Amaze (old phone) and consistently was able to get reception where I couldn't. We are on the same phone plan. This is my biggest complaint with this phone - it doesn't seem to have a good antenna. If you are going to travel, I would not recommend this phone.The other complaint is in the design. The off/on button is on the upper-right side - exactly where I hold the phone for any activity. I find myself repeatedly turning the phone off/on unintentionally (the switch on the top or bottom would be better).It is a good value phone, but the receiving capabilities are really poor.

I bought this direct from Motorola because Amazon was out of stock.  My Galaxy S3 died VERY suddenly and without warning and I needed a replacement.  Work supplied me with the S4, but I had read about the Moto G and decided to grab that as well for comparison (along with a Chromecast).The screen compares very well with my S3.  I find the S4 to be a bit too big now (closer to the Note particularly when I put any protector/shell around it).  The entire experience of activating the phone was extremely smooth.  I had it hooked up to my home network and synchronized with my Google services very fast.  Subsequent install of key apps on the phone was fast and easy.  I would buy this again.PROS:Responsive - NO problems with the screens being laggy or sluggish.Clean - The interface is uncluttered and the phone doesn't have tons of junk applications installed for me.  The Galaxy 3 and 4 both have stuff from Samsung and AT&T; which constantly carp at me for some value-added services or another.Lock Screen - I configured mine to display text messages on one swipe and the camera on the other.  This saves me a lot of logging in to just see a quick message.  The configuration took seconds.Memory/Storage - The 16GB feels generous at the moment.  With my music and pics in place, I should still be fine.Price - REALLY impressed by the value.  I bought an S3 Mini and S4 Mini a few months ago for my wife and daughter's replacement phones, and I think this is clearly a better value than those were.Shape - I'm a tall man and the phone (without any shell) is not too small in my hands and the shape is comfortable.CONS:Memory/Storage - Lack of an SD slot means that if'/when this dies, my chances of getting anything off it are low.  Use a data backup service for the device.Screen Wrapping - Lack of screen wrapping.  When I pan to the different screens, I don't get a wrap around to the others.  This seems trivial, but it's something I've gotten used to doing for several generations of other phones and it is missing here.4G - I put my AT&T; SIMM into the phone and get 3G services (I get 4G with the S4, but that is an AT&T; phone).  This isn't really Motorola's fault, but I would prefer to get the fastest connections possible.  I have not yet tested my TMobile card, but I suspect it will be the same.Overall, a REALLY good deal.

The product arrived with just a USB charger and there was no power adapter included in the box. Also the product was missing headphones which should be a standard with any cellphone.

It is well built phone; I bought two of them. My kids love them, especially the radio. No memory card slot, NO CHARGER and only 2G for T-mobile are the drawback, but for my kids are just fine.

Cons: 1) The Moto's non-removable battery is its biggest negative. For my previous (slow) Android phone, I bought a charger w/ two extra batteries. That purchase breathed new life to my tired phone. It's great to simply pop in a fresh battery and place a depleted battery in the external charger. It saves wear on the micro-USB port.2) Some have had problems with their Moto Gs: charging issues or problems with their SD slot. I did not, but it's worth mentioning. It might be wise to hold off buying a super-fast high-capacity card but instead buy a cheaper more conservative card. Make sure your external storage works with an inexpensive card first.3) RAM. One gigabyte is enough for most people, but I would've liked more. (I considered buying a Samsung S4 Mini, which has more RAM and a removable battery. I think the Moto G is better overall though.)4) Unlocking your phone's bootloader voids your warranty. Motorola makes it easy to unlock your bootloader with instructions on their web site, but they also warn you that you're voiding your warranty. Understandable, but also makes you think twice, especially given the potential for problems in 2) above. Once you unlock your bootloader (as I did), your phone shows an ugly boot screen telling you of the fact. (I replaced that screen.) All in all, the policy is reasonable; this version is better than Verizon's CDMA Moto Gs, which are not unlockable, I believe.5) The FM radio is monophonic. A version of this phone (not this one) supports RDS as well. The FM reception on this phone is not good. It's just OK, or barely passable. The radio software is lame too. I don't really care, but if this feature matters to you, you might want to pass over this phone.Pros: 1) Build quality is excellent. I bought a simple slip-on bumper which is not really necessary. This phone is rugged -- like my Lumia phone which was stolen.2) Not locked to a carrier. Should be usable overseas, although I'm not sure if limitations would arise due to supported frequencies and such. There are a number of USA carriers that can be used with this phone. I like choice and price competition. Data plans are way too expensive though.3) Unlockable software. Many custom ROMs should become available. This phone has every indication of becoming popular, ensuring ongoing development. Unless persistent glaring defects rear up.After experiencing an unlocked phone, I'll never go back to a device with restricted software. All said, no ROMs are yet available. I've already unlocked and rooted my phone.4) Good software. There's almost no Motorola bloatware, and zero carrier bloatware. A couple of the Motorola programs are actually useful. (I froze those two I didn't care for. Thank you, rooted device.) Even if you never dabble in custom ROMs, you'll be happy with Android KitKat.5) Good speaker. Silly as it may be, I really enjoy Motorola's custom ringtones too.6) Good screen. I can read this screen in fairly bright daylight. I could not do this with my previous phone.7) Battery life seems pretty good. The same as my previous phone, which is smaller and less-powerful. Using LTE / mobile data drains the battery faster than only using WiFi.

This very good product in perfect condition excellent team I work very well even though it is very good mobile midrange and in perfect condition

When I was trying to decide whether or not to buy this phone I was skeptical. I saw that many people were complaining about issues after updating to 4.4.2 kit kat and I did not want to buy a phone that was going to be giving me problems. I also saw comments about things not working like the notification light etc. However, I decided to purchase this phone. Updating to 4.4.2 was the first thing i did and I experienced absolutely no issues; everything worked fine. I don't have a single complain. What is amazing about this phone is that I spent less than half the money I did on my previous phone.... for an UPGRADE... how crazy is that? You think upgrading is always going to cost you more money right? Well, not with the moto g. It allows you to make that much needed upgrade by spending less and that is incredible. The camera's quality is not as bad as I was anticipating. My advice? Get the Moto G today. Best in its class.

I bought this phone about a month before posting this review.At first this phone is as advertised. Vanilla Android, good screen, good processor, acceptable RAM and camera. I thought I got my money's worth... that is until I tried to use a Micro SD card.I had a 16GB SanDisk Class 4 Micro SD card that worked flawlessly in my Blackberry Q5. When using this card in the Moto G 4G, I found that reading data off the card was noticeably sluggish. So much so that it was virtually unusable.I did some research and read online that a Class 6 card was needed for best results. I chose to ignore the numerous miserable posts by other users online sharing my experience and purchased a 32GB Samsung Evo Class 10 Micro SD card.Initially results were good. Media read much faster... but at seemingly random times the SD card seemed to &#34;freeze&#34; causing any applications trying to access the card to also freeze. I read online that this may be the SD card unmounting on its own. In this state trying to power the phone off to restart is useless. The phone's battery has to die before a restart can be done because of the freeze up. I am actually looking at my phone right now as its battery indicator turns red. Since this &#34;freezing&#34; can happen at anytime, it makes the SD card on this phone useless to me. I would have been better off with the normal Moto G, which much to my chagrin, is also cheaper.From my browsings online, I discovered that Motorola is aware of this SD card issue and will be addressing it in the latest Kit Kat update for the Moto G 4G. I won't hold my breath, but I really do hope that they do. It is a good phone.Notwithstanding all the pros of the Moto G 4G, this is by far the worst experience I have ever had with a smartphone. And for that it gets the lowest possible rating from me.

I think this is great smartphone which delivers high end features at price of budget phone.I think Motorola packed perfect features into this device for more than reasonable price.It also fits the biggest needs of every average android phone user.-As of now (feb.  2014) there are absolutely no competition for this phone at this price point.  It's simple as that,  there are no KitKat phones at this price point.  There are no phones with such a good screen at this price point. No other smartphone has a comparable battery life at this price.  And in fact it has better specs and features than some $300 phones.-4.5&#34; ideal screen size that makes it not to big or too small and easy on most user's eyes.  300+ppi is ideal density,  because eye can no longer trace pixels on the screen.-battery life is great (around 5hr of screen time,  it might vary on use but its better than most phones) and its one of the important factor in smartphones-very quick and responsive.  Screen is very responsive to touches which makes it very easy to type fast.  Browsing around phone has no lag or delays.  Apps load fast.-OS might be unimportant to 90% of users,  but KitKat is what makes this phone so good.-Ok camera.  I would really love to buy a high end phone without 20mp camera just to save a few bucks.  And thats why moto g has an average camera,  because it's not the most important feature of the phone and it could be easily replaced with 5mp camera whithout too many users even noticing.  Nokia with 41mp camera has an insane price exactly for that reason,  mean while  rest of whone spects is nothing special for the price.-Micro SD slot is a handy feature,  but few free gigabytes on the phone is OK for most.  My guess would be it's most important feature for kids,  teenagers and early young adults because of all the music and games they &#34;need&#34;.  So again,  you can have a few big games and 100 songs in  8gb version and still have some space left.

Its a great phone for the price.

Great phone, it's got everything you need in this cheap but high quality device. Don't buy some expensive 600 USD phone, buy this in stead and do everything you do in that one.

Though I received a US-GSM version, not Global-GSM as I expected. But it works well with WCDMA network in China mainland.The motorola Migration tool help me migrate from my nexus s. The call logs, sms, and photos automatically loading to moto g.I got 4.4.2 ota upgrade two weeks later after the goods arrival to me. I am satisfied with my moto g.

At the time I bought it there wasn't any other phone on the market that gave close to the same performance / $. There are plenty of reviews out there and for the most part I agree with them. The camera isn't great, and NFC would have been nice, but these are the things you give up for a phone of this price. The only thing I was slightly surprised about is the lack of a gyroscope, this causes issues with a very small number of specialist applications.

Comfortable to hold, just the right size, and speed. Bought it for my mom, and she absolutely loved it. She was tired of her iPhone, and wanted an option that felt similar in terms of ease ability, and this was the right fit.

Excellent buy. This is an amazing phone.  Recommended for all whose looking for a good phone. Nice cam, fast and reliable phone

I bought this phone for my brother, now he's totally in love with it. This phone is truly worth the money. it's a good buy.

Because the phone was purchased through Amazon, Motorola will not replace it.  Only repair location is a walk in basis only located in Texas.  The phone continues to have a PUK lock.  Motorola blames AT&T.  AT&T says the phone is defective.  The code(s) to unlock it do not work and I have to take it down to AT&T - where it can take up to an hour to figure out how to unlock the device.  It will lock up if the battery is low, if the battery has just been charged, or just because.  Not happy at all with this phone.  And no one will accept responsibility for the defect.  So buyer beware.  Motorola does not have an appropriate support system in place, especially if the phone is not purchased directly from their dealership.

Purchased this phone this February and it is keep getting better all the time with the lastest andriod OS updates support.

Good mobile if heavy gaming is not your requirement. Easily we can use this with one hand. Google apps are integrated very well.

Im very satisfaced with my purchase, it's a great phone not beacuse price, it's great because of what it offer to the buyer ! The onlu cons that i would like to highlight , is the camera ( i was a Galaxy S3 User but it suffered of sudden death , screw you SAMSUNG FOR NEVER FIX THAT, ) and it not the best for take pictures its just ok ! If you want decent pictures put always in mode HDR .

Very awesome android device for the price. Big screen, great battery life, super responsive. Updated to the latest version of android instantly.

A phone without a charger, How does Motorola expect people to charge this phone? Just using the computer? What happened to good old wall chargers? I returned mine because I do not know what to do with. No accessories apart from a battery and USB cable. It's cheap all around. Try it to find out.

As a holiday gift Motorola updated the firmware to kit-kat 4.4.3 !Unit is quick and has ample storage and most importantly it is not bound to a specific carrier !

Five stars because the phone Moto G is very good, is the first smart phone that I like so much. The package arrived in no time, I recommend it! Thank you.

I bought this phone a couple of weeks ago and wanted to get a feel for it before I wrote a review.  I am not going to provide specs or test results in this review -- there are enough of those to go around -- but I will give my overall impressions of the phone.  To start off, I have used both several IPhones and Android devices.  Additionally, I do not do mass amounts of photography with my devices but do occasionally snap pictures.  I am also not an avid gamer but do try out apps to see how they perform on given devices.  Finally before I get started, this is a review for the LTE 8GB Model.I am completely satisfied with this phone due to: 1) the power of the processor; 2) smooth display; 3) memory slot; 4) battery sipper; 5) the price (most important).First, with regards to the power of the processor.  Though this device doesn't have nearly the same power as a flagship phone or even compared to the Moto X, this has enough to handle what needs to be done.  Every game that I have tried does well and I never have issues switching between applications.Second, having a decently processor results in an overall smooth and responsive display.  No clunky or sticky display here.  In addition to the smoothness of the display, the resolution is very nice (720x1280) and for the right size.  I really don't care about having the phablet and at (4.5&#34;) this is pretty good.  I remember going from an IPhone 3GS to a HTC Evo and thinking it was huge.  The Moto G is 0.2&#34; bigger than the EVO.  I have learned to love the bigger phones but this is probably as big as I would like it.Third, I could never understand why memory upgrades one phones and tablets are so stinking expensive.  This has an upgradable memory slot capable of taking a 32GB micro SD Card.  You can get a class 10 micro SD Card for around $18.  A lot cheaper than paying an extra hundred for the extra 16GB for an IPhone.Fourth, battery usage is one of the defining features of this phone.  I am going two days between phone charges with moderate use.  This is awesome.Finally, the most important factor is the price.  I bought the LTE version and it is worth it.  You lose 8GB but have the option to upgrade with Micro SD Card (see above).  For $220, if you are looking for a new phone, this should be something you consider.  Does it have all the bells and whistles and the latest hardware?  No, but you have to ask yourself whether the bells and whistles are worth $480 ($700 - $220).Moral of the story, don't pay outrageous amounts of money for features on a phone that you will hardly use.  This phone will do the job you need it to.

Given i previously used MOTOROKR E6, certain features (like auto power off and on timimng, caps lock in keypad and others, ) lack in this phone. But in and absolute way and not being comparative, the phone is good in itself.

I had this phone about 3 months and it seemed to be working relatively well, nothing spectacular but it got the job done. Mediocre camera and slow service, but it worked and was cheap. Then one day the touch screen spontaneously stopped working. Because it was still under warranty, and a result of &#34;faulty hardware&#34; they told me to send it to a Motorola facility and they would have it fixed in 5-8 business days. A month and hours of phone conversations later, they told me they would send me a new phone in 48 hours. They have told me this three times, and each time they have not sent it. When I called again and again they listed various reasons for not having sent it, from a communication confusion, to being out of stock of their own phone. I have wasted a month's worth of phone bill and still have no phone, and I'd be surprised if I got one in the near future. DO NOT BUY FROM MOTOROLA. And DO NOT buy the Moto G.

Excellent price for a nearly pure Android phone experience.  Not cutting-edge, but close, and for 1/3 the price.  All operations are smooth and responsive.  Screen is bright.If you hate spending big $ on phone service, buy this and go off contract!

one thing to be aware of- if  you plan to use T-Mobile service, this phone only supports up to 2G speeds ONLY for T-Mobile. with ATT it will do 3G. and keep in mind there is no SD card slot. But great device for half the price of a Galaxy S4 or comprable phone. I would recommend it for no-contract customers.

Purchased for my tech-illiterate father. Learning curve was small and the phone seems very durable. Can't be beat for the price.

Great Phone for the price. only one complain... the camera, 5mp. not good. beside that excelent fast android kitkat phone

Nice cellphone, for that price probably the best deal. But, the android version is not a pure google version and with only 4 languages! at least the 4.3 version. After &#34; upgrade&#34; to 4.4 version some other odd behavior occurred. Hope this one would be improved in the next upcoming versions.

Very good phone for the price. I m getting all the update s from Google

the volume on the phone is very low but I did not realize that was not the way it was suppose to be until I compared it to someone who had the same phone... now it's a few days over the return window (30) days and I am stuck with a phone that does not work properly

I bought this phone as a spare. I am using a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 before the arrival of Moto G.The phone is well built and of quality materials. And the battery life for this phone is superb. A single charge can last me for more than 24 hrs on average usage and light gaming.The only downside is that the phone does not have a microSD slot.Overall, its a value for money phone.

Awesome Smart Phone, the perfect relation between Price and functions.It's very Quickly, doesn't present delays running any application in my first month of use.Highly recommended

Great phone for a very reasonable price.  Excellent screen, good Motorola only features on top of standard Android. Best value for money in my opinion.

I am very satisfied with the Motorola Moto G Phone, and I would recommend to buy. Its great phone in economic price

Is an excellent product. Very nice product for a great price.I recommend this cellphone All the features matches the expectations.

I have been using the Moto G for a couple of months.  Love it.  Not as speedy as the Moto X or some other more expensive phone.  Easily livable. I carry 3 movies on the 16 GB plus the usual stuff that collects on a phone.If you are doing serious work with documents, spread sheets, etc - I suggest you carry a laptop with a key board for work.  But if  you insist the 32 GB is probably worth while.  Google Voice is ok for most &#34;typing&#34; and the screen keyboard is serviceable.  Touch sensor is sensitive enough.Voice quality is generally good.  (Should be.  After all it's a phone.  :-)  )

Was weighing up whether to get an iPhone or not. Perfect alternative especially with the Kit Kat upgrade and $400 cheaper!

Fast, easy to use, updated Android 4.4If you have an outdated phone an need to update, look no more.This is a dream come true, and for the price is a steal.Top tier phone features for half the price

I love this cell phone, it works perfectly in my country is and amazing phone and  i receive this in my country in perfect conditions  love it

A great phone

Perfect phone highly recommned for this price. I think 8GB is not enaugh to be fully delight with this phone but its very well made quality and most recent android installed phone.

I purchased this phone for my wife to replace her dying iPhone 4.  We have been adamant not to get in wireless service contracts because they are a poor value.  I was looking for an unlocked phone with approximately the same dimensions as the iPhone, this was it.This phone is easily manageable with one hand.  The build materials feel good in hand; the back has a nice curve to it.The phone is snappy and opens apps quickly, the fact that it is running almost pure android gives it a light feeling.  My wife is impressed coming from iOS how customizable Android is.The con that stands out the most is the camera.  Yes it leaves a lot to be desired, but coming from an iPhone 4 they are both comparable.Purchasing the Moto G has put the Moto X in serious contention for the replacement for my aging SGS2.

The main functionality that it is supposed to support MicroSD card DOES NOT WORK. I have tried multiple cards with no success, even though they work flawlessly on other devices.  I will update the review when this issue has been fixed.

The phone works real well even in places that don't get very good signal with straight talk satellites the only drawback on the phone on my opinion is the low memory

I bought this phone for my wife. She just wanted a smartphone than can use the more recent apps. She was using my old HTC Desire with Gingerbread.This thing has 4.4.2 the newest version now. I have 4.2 on my Note 2 and I feel that this is a little bit faster?! I didn't install any large graphics intensive games for her because she's not into it. I really liked setting it up for her.I honestly think this is an awesome value. For $200 bucks, this is awesome like everyone else says. I do wish it had 4G LTE or a microsd slot. But it's fine. I know there's a new version that addresses these issues but 8GB can't hold enough apps. I'm not tech savvy enough to root to install apps on the external sd or whatever. That's why we went with this one. 16GB is just about right and my wife is using a basic prepay plan that doesn't include 4G anyway, so it's fine.If my Note 2 dies, I might get this as well. money is tight and with this phone, there aren't huge sacrifices for what I use it for!

I've wanted an Android smartphone for quite some time, and I had a lot of other options on my mind, but they weren't really affordable to me. I read some really nice things about this phone, so I decided to give ti a try. So far, I'm anything but disappointed; this little fella has a lot more juice than it shows, and is worth a lot more than 200 bucks; I couldn't have made a better choice. If you want an affordable but powerful Android phone, this is the one for you.Pros:-Decent performance-Pure, unbloated Andriod: Yes-Clear, perfect sound during callsCons:-Camera is regular at best-No expandable memory; comes with free, imited-time Google Drive to compensate

Great device! Best value for money, I bought this for my kid but consider getting another one for me as well

amazing features good choice... really beautiful faster andoid cellphone... good price excellent quality... comfortable..  minimal... beautiful and really really original

I am currently using this phone without a sim card as a portable WiFi device and it has been fantastic so far! At $199 for the 16 gb version, you can not beat this device. It is quick and responsive and holds it own against some of the newer smartphones on the market. If you are looking for an unlocked smartphone or portable WiFi device, the search is over. Also, pay the extra $20 for the 16gb or you will regret it!

I wrestled for a long time about buying this phone because just from seeing the specs, I could tell that the camera was sub-par. This is really a shame.  The phone itself is outstanding.  The battery life is fantastic.  Pictures, however, were bad quality when zooming in any at all.  If you do not zoom in much and get good lighting, you can still get good pictures.One thing to note, by default my camera was set to 16:9 ratio for pictures.  When the ratio is set this way, it reduces the picture quality even more! (I think it is to 3.8MP!).  The first thing you should do when you get the phone all set up is to change the ratio to 4:3, which will put you at your max resolution of 5MP, which will at least give you passable pictures.

I am amazed at how much Motorola was able to squeeze into this phone at a $199 price. The HD screen is very beautiful and almost as good as the best AMOLED screens out there today. Antutu and Quadrant benchmarks place this phone as slightly faster than the Galaxy S3, so this phone is no slouch when it comes to performance. In addition, this phone has a built-in FM radio receiver so you can listen to local FM stations. This was a requirement for me since I like to listen to the Pittsburgh Pirates game broadcasts and have no desire to pay for MLB At-Bat just to listen to something I can hear for free via FM radio. The reception is very good on this.Software-wise, you get a mostly stock Android KitKat ROM with a few additions. First, Chrome is the default browser and the regular Android 'Browser' is not included. Motorola has also modified the camera app in an attempt to make it simpler. You can now tap anywhere on the screen to take a picture. The camera app is decent, but it is missing some features I had on CyanogenMod's camera app such as filters, ISO settings, and picture size/quality. I can add filters via the Photos app, but it still isn't quite as convenient as adding the filters before you take a shot. Overall, the camera I still useful.Aside from the camera app, Motorola has added some of their own apps such as Motorola Assist which lets you silent the phone at night and during meetings. There is also the Motorola Alert app which will automatically call or text contacts of your choosing when you place the phone in emergency mode. These are some nice additions which do not take away from the stock Android experience.Stock ROMs are a possibility on this phone, and Motorola will actually let you root the phone with tools from their website. You are required to enter your phone's serial number (which voids your warranty), so I have not tried this yet. CyanogenMod is working on a stable ROM for this phone, and nightlies are being released regularly. I do miss some CyanogenMod features like customizable quick settings and notification widgets, but I am able to workaround that via the Widgetsoid app. When my warranty expires down the road and CyanogenMod has a stable app, I will try flashing it to my phone.The only downsides with this phone are the lack of a microSD card slot and the HSPA+ 21 4G modem. Not having a microSD card slot is a bit of a problem because this phone only has 16 GB of space. After installing a few games, I only have 5 GB left, and this will be used up quickly when I started shooting video. The phone does support USB OTG, but I have not been able to get this to work with my PNY flash drive. The other downside is that the phone does not have LTE and is limited to HSPA+ 21. If it supported HSPA+ 42, I wouldn't have any problems with it, but for cost purposes, I guess this is one area they needed to cut. From my experience, browsing the web and watching YouTube have been flawless. Unless you're trying to stream Netflix is 1080p, I don't think you will have any issues at all with the speed on this phone.Overall, this is an amazing phone at this price. You will not find a phone this good at under $200. As long as you don't mind the slower broadband modem and the lack of a microSD card slot, you'll love this phone, and it will be something with which you can impress your friends. I highly recommend this phone to anyone on a prepaid plan or on a budget.

Bought this after I had my iPhone 4 stolen because I was stuck on contract, and I'm glad to see this phone doesn't run like a budget Android phone. It's quite snappy and plays casual games and does internet browsing very well with minimal lag (much faster than my iPhone 4!) The resolution leaves something to be desired in 2014 but the price sure doesn't. Good brand, good phone, recommended.

I've been using it for over a month and so far I'm impressed by the Moto G. I'm not a heavy user by far and I was upgrading from a dumb phone so I'm excited to finally have a computer that also make phone calls! The phone itself is OK and I have experienced no issues making calls with it or using speakerphone or connecting to bluetooth headset. Cell reception is poor in my house and this phone is at par with my old samsung (maybe tiny bit better). Since motorola is generally known for its signal strength, I'm a little disappointed but as I said, its no worse than what I had before.I'm using H2O as my service provider and had no issues switching SIMs and getting the new phone to work with a quick call to their customer service.

I simply love it.The build quality is amazing and the performance is perfect.you will not get a better phone for this price.

Excellent value. Competes with phones twice its price. Bright, clear screen, fast processor in a nice package. Best phone I've owned.

There is a sturdiness and simplicity to the Moto G that is lacking in most handsets: no logos on the front, rounded edges, a rubber-finish matte back that won&#8217;t attract fingerprints, and a straight line in the middle for the camera, flash, logo and headphone port. The phone also has water-repellant coating, but don&#8217;t read too much into that&#8212;the ports are open, so it&#8217;s not like you can use it in the rain. Drops don&#8217;t affect the phone either. For most people, it&#8217;s comfortable to hold it in one hand and use. But what bothers me are the large bezels. It&#8217;s got a smaller screen than most phones at this price, but Motorola still insists on using virtual touchscreen buttons taking up valuable screen space while having a 1.5cm bezel under it that&#8217;s just wasted space.The bezel and virtual buttons mean that you aren&#8217;t getting the full 4.5 inches of promised screen space. That said, the screen is sharp and reproduces true colors. It has Gorilla Glass 3 scratch protection, and while it&#8217;s not clearly legible in direct sunlight, it&#8217;s not bad either. The Moto G can go toe-to-toe with any other smartphone in this price range.The Moto G is available in either 8GB or 16GB capacities.PROS:The whole package. Look at what the Moto G offers, look at its price, and then look at the other handsets which cost the same amount.It exceeds its rivals in several key areas, from the well defined 4.5-inch display to its 1.2GHz quad-core processor and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. There's a lot to love about the Moto G for its price.You could easily be fooled into thinking that the Moto G costs the same as the Galaxy S4 Mini and the One Mini - even web browsing is impressive on the handset.CONS:It's simple. Motorola must have cut some corners to get the price of the Moto G so low, and the camera is one area which has seen the compromise.The 5MP lens is simply not up to the job and my photos either came out blurry, grainy or both, while the camera app itself will be far too basic for some.The lack of expandable memory will be a real bug bear for some, especially if you end up with the 8GB model and it's missing the more recent tech advances in the form of NFC and 4G.FINAL VERDICT:The Moto G is a top notch, low cost smartphone and I wholeheartedly recommend this as the best budget mobile currently on the market.I was genuinely impressed with the feature set on the Moto G, so if you're looking for a low cost phone you can stop searching - just go out and grab a Moto G right now.

Very similar to my previous Motorola phone so I didn't have to spend a lot of time getting to know it. For a 3G it's fast.

Very impressive phone for the price!....I bought this for my wife and she loves it!...It uses very little ram due to kit kat ...it runs toe to toe with my galaxy note 2 due to the true vanilla android experience....Oh did i mention good for 24 hours on one charge..I give 5 stars up!

I pre-ordered it from motorola site. Now I think I did it right. I paid around $200, but I think I get more than that. This is good looking, handy phone. Few advantages are as below:1. It is unlocked. You can use it with any carrier. No need to go for any contract or pay more for plan. E.g. if you take ATT no contract probally you need to have a connection with them for 6 month. That will cause money. So, if you have lower cost carrier it is best.2. Best part is you get an update for Kitkat. The new OS is great. It takes less processing memory. I think now you get Kitkat only for moto x and others are till working on it. So, it is great to have an eary update.3. Price. Nicely priced. It is hard to get a phone with all these in $200 price range.4. Battery life - It is another loving point. The battery life is really good. With normal use you can have a full day battery life. Some time it goes more than 2days.5. It is Quad-band GSM phone. So, I can carry this phone any where in the world. So, if you are traveling a lot no need to change the phone.6. It has a nice display. The screen is OK for a smart phone. (4.5)7. Get 50GB in google drive.But it has few disadvantages also:1. Camera - The camera in this phone is not so great. I will say it just takes picture. If you are looking for a good camera, you may wish to have a different one.2. It does come with a wall charger and headphone. Motorola may think to add them. This is not a hudge problem for me as I have some from my old devices.3. It does not work with all car charges. I have tired to use my charge with I use for my samsung but it did not work. I have to find the reason.4. No extandable memory. So, you are stuck with only device memory. But you get 50GB in google drive for 2 years. So, if you use cloude it is good.5. You can not replace battery easily. But it maynot be a problem for most of you if it works.6. If you are very heavy user you may not get enough processing power.7. The speaker does not work some time.So, by looking all this if you are a common man and want to have a good smart phone for normal use you can have it.

Because I have owned a same OS tablet for 3 years, there is less-effort to learn to operate this phone. And the new version OS works greater! Zero issue. BTW I just asked for a micro SIM card at nearby T-Mobile store. Works from the first second.

I'm really happy with this phone. It's infinitely better than the T-Mobile Prism and Prism II phones I had used previously. I don't think my wifes iPhone 5 is any better - in fact, I like this phone better than hers. It works great with the T-Mobile prepaid network. I get 3g pretty much everywhere. It's really snappy both from a usability perspective as well as network speed. I can't imagine what more you'd want from a smartphone.

This Cel phone has everything you need. It has a good size, not so big and not so small, apps work grate, there are apps for everything. The touch is very responsive, the screen is very clear. The Android Kit Kat version 4.4 arrived on time and works great. The model is the Global version and works well in Mexico.Cons: No external memory, but with 16 GB is enough for me.

I love the phone! I got some problems with the delivery so it got here later than expected, but it's a phone with some high specs for such low price!

Awesome cell phone for what I needed. The camera is bad but I don't care.

I love the phone, but do not bring charger and handsfree

I have the motog and I love it! 1GB ROM 16 GB storage. This phone is fast! The screen is unbelievable It is so sharp! Takes fantastic pictures and videos! I use it on a prepaid service and it is fast on their data plan. The HPA+ Is FAST! Has OK Google which I really enjoy. It will do anything for me I ask. Like text for me. Open apps. Call people everything I ask! Great built in apps. . I get great battery life on it. You can't go wrong for your money! Incredible Price for what you get. Even does everything the S4 does like look away while playing a video and it will stop. Go to next picture with just a wave of the hand. answer a call with just the wave of your hand. It's packed with extras!

For the price, its great. Replaced a broken Nexus 4 and no complains. Its pretty fast for regular stuff ( not tried gaming).

I bought a Moto G 4G LTE 8 gig to replace my trouble plagued currently non operating HTC One X, which is technically a high end phone. The Moto is not a high end phone, but it is solid and well made, and has a quad processor that is at least as fast as the HTC. The screen, while a bit smaller than the HTC, is clear and bright. It has a bigger battery and smart battery software that lasts far longer than the HTC's. Where the Moto g really shines is in it's operating system. Android Kit Kat is integrated to the Moto's hardware like IOS is integrated to an iphone. There is no fuzzy add-on like HTC Sense to get between Android and you, and the new Android 4.4 is actually elegant. It's simple and intuitive. When have you heard someone say that about Android? Lastly, If you use gmail and other Google features like Calendar, the Moto g is a perfect match. At $219 it's a bargain.

Works flawlessly, would buy it again, best android phone for low budget, quadcore and 1 GB ram.. awesome and enough for easy tasks.

I am taking my time getting to know this phone.  I have always been a fan of Motorola and I love that it has brought out a smartphone that meets my needs.  Its a small package with a powerful punch.  Not to big or bulky, the weight is great, the memory is what I want.  My only concern is changing the battery seeing that it is built in but I will cross that bridge when I get to it.  Hello Moto

One of the best mobile in this price range.Only issue is that in India the same product comes with a dual sim but the one on amazon is only single sim.

Works great!  Though there's an unsettling amount of BBQ sauce on it.  Not anyone's fault but my own or my friend Ian's, but still...get your s*** together, Motorola.

Everything runs great. My only complaint is about the touchscreen. Is not very sensitive. Anyway there isn't exists a better option for this amount of money.

purchased GSM unlocked 16Gb... and it is fast enough for $200 and does everything a smartphone is supposed to do,., i used this for international travel (to India) and eventually left it with family there for their use... till now everyone is happy with it ..did not miss SD card slot as that was the reason i got 16Gb version.only thing i feel is that it feels little bulky in hand .. and wish they had provided wall charger .. they just gave USB cable

not the best evar but probably is the best bang for your 200 dollars. Dont believe me? read the reviews!

I like this phone but it shouldn't be labelled as fully compatible with T-Mobile.Google may have saved $5-10 (?) manufacturing it (and that's why it's otherwise a great deal at $200) however there's one key it won't do for me that I need it to do.If you&#8217;re inside your home and only for T-Mobile (since none of VZW, AT&T; or Sprint have VOIP in this sense) and you're home is a network dead spot (insufficient signal strength inside you house) you won't be able to use this phone for voice calls only.  You will have data - but no voice.  You can walk out to the front yard, where the T-Mobile network will probably work, it's just you can't do voice calls inside the house.  Or at least I can't.  You will data because you have (presumably) Wi-fi, it&#8217;s just that your wi-fi won&#8217;t give you voice with this phone and T-Mobile.Is that somehow my failing?  I don't think so.  The vast majority of other T-Mobile phones have a small but key extra piece of circuitry in them that will allow you to do VOIP - which is voice over IP - which means that the audio signals in your phone can be somehow translated back-and-forth between digital and analog (or something to that effect) so that voice calls can go in and out of the web - and to the person you want to speak to or who wants to speak to you.Some people will have thin and spotty T-Mobile signal coverage in their homes and so it may work - it's just not guaranteed.And there&#8217;s a possibility incoming calls into the interior of your home may work but initiating calls from your own end will be more difficult.So there are trade-offs to getting a good Android smartphone at $200.  I would assume that the Moto X (is it even on T-Mobile?) would not have this problem and that&#8217;s because the Moto X is another smartphone that if you buy it outright, it will cost you $500-600.  Not $200.Personally I'll probably and regretfully have to return the phone.

Not as good as galaxy but everything you need.

I got this phone and I love it. Its so fast and I have a really good experience with it. I played a game played Clash of Clans and Granny Smith all day without charging it and still had 34%. The battery life is just amazing. The price is just amazing. Thanks motorola for such a great phone

This a very good phone if you are into a stock google phone.Voice is very loud on it the speaker phone is very clear and good volume.Great size too not to big in hand and pocket. Very quick speed wise moving around on it.I get great service everywhere.

I cant say much for this product. Its the best midrange phone on the market. I cant tell you more than whats already on the internet about it. The praise for this phone is well deserved. Its a pity Google sold Motorola, as this phone is the product of the coupling of two great companies. As that coupling is over, I fear we wont see anything great from Motorola in the future. Enjoy the Moto while it fasts folks.

This is a fantastic phone. Motorola really made a good job on this cellphone.  If you have used other smarthphones that are much more expensive, you can compare the good quality of the moto g.

Excellent Smartphone, no complaints. The only thing that upset so this one dead pixel.Excellent Smartphone, no complaints. The only thing that upset so this one dead pixel.Excellent Smartphone, no complaints. The only thing that upset so this one dead pixel.Excellent Smartphone, no complaints. The only thing that upset so this one dead pixel.Excellent Smartphone, no complaints. The only thing that upset so this one dead pixel.Excellent Smartphone, no complaints. The only thing that upset so this one dead pixel.

Well worth its price, please read other reviews, check out techy blogs or videos, this cellphone is amazing.I used it in Mexico with Movistar and it worked excellent.

At this price, if you are reasonable, you shouldn't ask for more.If you want a phone that offers connectivity of various kinds, not a computer or a game console or a DSLR, then this is definitely good enough.If you are a heavy gamer, then you should probably consider more expensive phones -- a price any heavy gamer should pay, as you would do for your graphics card on your desktop.

Excellent phone. Works perfectly here in Venezuela.On october 2013, I bought a Nexus 4 and I just can't see the difference. Au contraire, it seems that the Moto G uses way less battery (I charged it when I got it almost 48H ago and has still 40% power) and definitly gets less warm when I use it.The upgrade to android 4.4.2 kitkat was quick and easy. The phone is really well build. When I took the rear protection off, I figured the speaker was really protected against dust and everything seemed perfectly sealed.Some people reported having issues with the rear protection but I succeded in opening it very quickly with short nails.I will edit my comment later, but it works very very good for me.-----------------------El celular funciona de maravilla en Venezuela. Todo en orden, 3G y todo. Les recomiendo comprar protectores tambien porque aqu&iacute; nadie tiene accesorios as&iacute; que mosca. Lo recib&iacute; el jueves, lo cargu&eacute; enseguida y hoy s&aacute;bado a&uacute;n tiene 40% de bater&iacute;a a pesar de usar el wifi y llamar m&aacute;s o menos 30min (acumulado). No calienta como el nexus 4 que me robaron hace unas semanas. y por cierto, me encanta el tama&ntilde;o del celular ya que cabe perfectamente en la mano y en el bolsillo. Muy muy recomendado, la mejor compra con el cupo sin duda jeje !

Moto G is a great phone and runs flawlessly on Republic Wireless, which provides great service at a price that blows the competition out of the water. Get $20 off your first month&#8217;s service charge when you sign up using the link below![...]

Our 16 year old daughter is happy with her Moto G! We had to replace her Samsung Galaxy Blaze which was nothing but trouble. The Moto G is a great price and is just as good or even better that the phone twice the price...She just wishes there were covers for it that are more exciting then just solid colors.

Hello! I'm from Venezuela! I bought this cellphone two months ago. This is a very good cell phone. I use it with Movistar and it work in 3G, 2g perfectly!, but he can be used with Movilnet and digitel too ( in digitel I think he only works in 2g). The screen is bigger than the Iphone 4s' and it has the same size to the iphone 5's, also is a little heavier than the Iphone but I like it!. The size of the phone is pretty enought to carry it in your pockets. With a 1.2Ghz processor (aprox., I don't remember) and 1Gb of Ram , is enought to use many Android apps, and also to play many games. The battery has a longer life! If you don't play or use the internet all day. The phone can be turn on for almost 24 hours, using only calls, messages and apps like whatsapp or line. The camera is also very good, very decent for a cheap phone.

Best phone for the money. Doesn't get any better unless you spend a lot more.

The hardware and pure android worth its price @199, but two disadvantages for you guys to know before you buy: One is the volume is too small to hear at noisy environment. As a result, I have to purchase a earphone separately which was not included. The second, it turned off automatically once with over 80% battery. For the first point, I reviewed the comments from other MOTOROLA users, they also had similar problems with too small volume, I guess, maybe a problem of manufacturer. For the second, I just wish its an accident, not weak in hardware.

awesome gift!

Very pleased with it!  Does everything and more that I had hoped for!  Would definitely recommend it!  Nice Christmas gift!

Have been a Tracfone user for many years because I refuse to pay $60-$100/month for phone with a data plan.  I wanted a better phone than those currently offered by Tracfone without paying $600.  I got this and the T-Mobile prepaid starter kit, cut the sim down to a micro-sim, and got T-Mobile's $30 plan.  Very sturdy phone with a long lasting battery.  I have a Nexus 7 so I am right at home with the OS.  Will keep review short and say I agree with Pros of other reviews. 3 Cons, minor but annoying.  1. My dumb Tracfones have the option to remind you with a subtle vibration that you have a message waiting.  There was no option for this by default but I fixed with Missed Message Flasher app.  The second is that most, if not all the time when I unplug phone jack from headphones or car stereo plug it doesn't pause like my ipods (going all the way back to my 2nd generation touch) do.  I will be listening to podcast going to work and unplug when I get there, and when I get in the office hear the podcast continuing at low volume in my pocket.  3. Agree with others that buttons on the bottom would be better if they were physical buttons rather than on the screen.  There is room for them and it would increase screen size for most situations (unless watching video, when they disappear). The pluses far outweigh these minor gripes, but keep me from giving it a 5 star rating.

Bought this for my wife and has had nothing but positive things to say. Ease of use,build quality and features are all there.

As most Moto G's reviews say, it's an excellent choice If you don't want to spend lots of money but want a fresh a fast android experience and a not cheap kind of phone. It doesn't feel cheap at all.

I am really happy with the price and features of the phone.Motorola.com did not want to send to My mail box but they sold me this phone on Amazon.com .Thank you Amazon

It updated to Android 4.4.2, which is awesome. But now the camera randomly stops working until I restart the phone!The battery lasts the whole day with normal usage. It lasted my whole trip to Balboa park from the morning to the night, using the GPS constantly and taking tons of pictures. So that's an A+.It has a quad core processor and 1GB of RAM! That's some high end s*** there man. Android runs really smooth.It's cheap! Really, you can't get a phone this packed at this price, it's incredible. I wonder how many slaves were used on the making of this phone!The only cons I can find is that, well, it doesn't have an mcroSD slot, and it doesn't have physical buttons on the front of the screen, which it's a little uncomfortable.

It is a great cellphone. It works very well in every ways, most of all, the battery. I would recommend it.

I bought this to use with straighttalk.com's ATT compatable micro sim kit , works great ! phone is fast , and with wifi off and light use its lasted 48 hours before charge needed. Very happy with it so far , not too big , not to small. streamed netflix just fine with wifi off , ran minecraft pocket edition just fine. this was an upgrade from a galaxy S2 , glad i saved some money !

The display is excellent, bright colors, high definition and easy to read.  It has more functions than I will ever use.  It is easy to operate. Only concern we have is where to go for service, Amazon or Motorola?  Only disappointment:  there was no printed user manual, so we printed one  from the internet.

We chose the 16GB GSM model over 4G because you don't really need it, we still get fast data, but we connect to WiFi a lot - everywhere, BUT we don't need to pay more for data than we have too (that's how we can afford a vacation). We pay $30 a month from T-Mobile, that's it. With 3G, this phone has an amazing battery life, and it's on Wi-Fi all day and never drops below 50%-70%! We've noticed the KitKat & Motorola updates in the first few days we owned it numbered 4, not including every google app has to update every time, sort of annoying and thank goodness we have WiFi. The phone has a very large screen, it's perfect, and the phone is a little on the heavy side, but we don't mind. KitKat is nice, and has impressive functionality. We have a few awesome digital camera's at home so we don't mind the 5MP camera. We replaced this for a Samsung Light we bought a week earlier and it was 4G LTE and drained the battery fast, and we do not regret the decision at all to pass on 4G and stick with 3G. So far so good, and we now see why this is such a high rated phone, and we own it outright! I must compliment Amazon, they are very fair and have helped us with the returns and refunds better than we could have asked for. I recommend the Moto G 3G 16GB option, it'll do everything you need. Props to T-Mobile for switching over our phones and never charging us for the new mini Sim this takes, they also switched over contacts, pics and music.

The main reason I purchased this was to get better battery life than the LG Optimus L9 that I had previously. And WOW what an improvement. I can easily get through the day without needing a charge. Frequently finishing the day with 30-50% battery remaining, after heavy use.On top of that, the performance is better. The camera is better. The device's build quality is significantly better. It has more internal storage. And the price of the device is $90 less than the LG.The only drawbacks are that it doesn't include is access to T-Mobile's wifi calling feature, nor to T-Mobile's visual voicemail. But  the tradeoffs that allow me to not worry about battery are worth it. This phone is used almost exclusively for texting and data. Voice is barely (if ever) used.

This an excellent Android phone. It will prove to be a game changer in the smartphone marketplace! Compared to other smartphones this one is a REAL BUY. I refuse to sign an overpriced contract or to pay four hundred or more dollars for a good Android Phone. So, we have made do with displays that we too small and Phones running on Anroid 2.XX. The Moto G is a hit out of the part. Motorola will sell many thousands I am sure! It comes unlocked from the factory, Kit-Kat (4.4) was really for download & install as soon as it was connect to wifi (and before I had a micro-sim) to insert.First, this is an excellent phone. Messaging and phone services work great. No $400 phone could possibly make us happier. I am ordering one for myself (I am setting up & test driving this one for my wife). The Renke flip case is an excellent fit, by the way. Second, Wifi is excellent and the Android is quick and powerful. Excellent Smartphone all around. Google bought Motorola early last year. This the first result of Google ownership. I expect more interesting game changer products will come.

This is a nice phone for those who need something to work with.. Pretty simple with a nice clean look, good performance, amazing vivid screen and so many good things..Obviously isn't the best phone but certainly is a good choice.the only thing that make this purchase bad, is that the phone doesn't have headphones nor charger included either. And thats really bad..

For the price, it's an incredible phone. We bought it for my friend for his birthday in the middle of September last year and his still loves it. The screen looks great, the battery life is good, and it works on Metro PCS. It doesn't have LTE but you'd probably end up paying $250 if this phone were LTE compatible with 16gb of storage

reliable and high quality phone at a reasonable price. I recommend to purchase all their friends. Motorola continues in the same style.

high end looksdecent battery back upMid tier performance for low priceunless you want to pay premium (for full HD or high end cam etc ) this phone should suffice all your requirements

It can be upgraded to Android 4.4, has great specs and it only costs 200$ this is in my opinion the best Android phone right now except maybe for nexus 5, if you are worried for the 16GB of storage then you can get 50GB free of google drive (too bad it is just for 2 years) the display is nice, the camera is good for the price but the rest of the phone is awesome i honestly have no regrets buying it.

This phone is a great deal for the price and would still be a reasonable option if it were $50-$100 more. It's quick and well built. Biggest cons: larger than I would prefer but I prefer to navigate the entire screen easily with one hand.Product arrived a day or two late. If it had arrived on time, I would have given it 5 stars.

i like the phone but I opened my door to go out and i was going out when i left something and came back for a day out with the family and locking the door i noticed something in the mailbox and it was the phone no ringing the door bell to advice or no signature or anything. This was unacceptable cus if it was stolen what would i have to do?

Really angry with this, I think it was stolen I don't know where but it never came.

I also use an HTC one regularly. This phone is fast, and has a great build. Also, it's got a fairly stock install of Android on it, which is nice to use compared to the crap Samsung and HTC &#34;value-add&#34; to their phones. My only complaint: no NFC, though it's not even worth docking a star for the lack of the feature.

Ordered yestedarday. Next day shipping with Prime. Made it here before noon. Took a minute getting it going (Metro PCS, great speed and connection, but a bit confusing to call them.) Up and running and it's definitely worth the cost. I have been off contract and looking for &#62; $600 phone, but more than a &#34;budget&#34; cell, and this definitely fits the spot. Nothing about it really feels like a lower tier phone.( I know plenty of nitpickers will complain, but that's their issue.) For the typical person who just wants a decent phone, it hits the spot. Responsive finger touch, apps open smooth and quickly, so far no problems. As every review can attest, if you NEED the latest and greatest and bottomless storage, then it is not for you. (I've come to realize I really only actually consistently use about 10 or 15 apps so the 8GB is plenty.

Amazing phone!!!Only drawback is the camera and not removable battery, but what can you ask for a 220 dollar phone!!Works for 2 days in one full charge.

LTE is overrated, I only get HSPA, but it is fast enough, Works great on T-Mobile, I get about 5Mb/s download in the country, do you really need a faster speed to stream anything?Battery life is disappointing, with lack of features, I'd expect a whole day's charge.8GB is very low end. Probably wont work in Europe due to radio band restrictions

I can't say enough great things about this phone.  First of all, it feels great in the hand and looks great...but I guess that's personal taste (simple and sleek).  I thinks it's also the perfect size...somewhere between Iphone 5 and Nexus 5 in terms of size.  It does everything that I need it to do and has great battery life for a smart phone which is very important to me.  My review is for a $200 dollar phone so I'm not going to complain about how it doesn't measure up to a $350 and up phones out there.  I love the interface...it's simple and very easy to use.  This is my first android phone.  I'm hoping that the next model will have Qi charging even if it means it'll cost a little more...once you use wireless charging...it's hard to go back.

Just received the phone and so far it has been a really great experience. I upgraded to 4.4 KitKat right away and installed GoogleHome.apk launcher to get the same &#34;Google Experience&#34; as the Nexus 5.I avoided this phone at first because it did not clearly specify if it supported the default T-mobile frequencies for 3G service. I did not want to be using 3G service through the refarmed 1900mhz towers since it is very limited. After doing more research on what 1700 (AWS) actually meant, it essentially means that it uses both 1700 and 2100. 1700 for upload and 2100 for download. So fellow T-mobilers, you're fully covered!As for moving from the Galaxy Nexus i9250, there's really only a few things that the Nexus has that the Moto G doesn't. That's NFC, and the few remaining radio frequencies that allows it to work with 3G service everywhere else in the world. But really, how often have I ever used NFC? Other than beaming a picture or two to my girlfriends phone.So for the price, it is an excellent phone! Despite it not having the same features that current flagships have, I really like it and it fulfills my needs. Motorola should have put more emphasis on promoting the Moto G than the Moto X.

This is the best phone I've had lately. I had a Galaxy S3 before this one and so far I'm loving this little guy. One of the things I like the most is Battery life, way better than my S3. Without heavy use, cause I'm not allowed to use it at work, I've reached 2 1/2 days in one charge. Almost pure Android, I think, is the reason for this exceptional battery life. Samsung gives you a lot of options on their phones but you don't really need ALL of them, at least in my case, and all this features just consume a lot of power.I think this is the best phone you can get for $189.00 Unlocked.

Its a neat little phone for being basically a google phone. I got it  for free so cant complain.I am saving up for a higher end 4g phone so this will become backup.

The Moto G offers a lot of phone for $179-$199. Its 4.5-inch 720p display is theoretically equal to the panel in the more expensive X, while a quad-core Snapdragon processor and clean design belie its ridiculously low price tag.  It's built well, plenty fast, and fit with a sharp, beautiful display.ProsTremendous valueSharp, vibrant displayClean softwareSurprisingly capable performanceConsNo LTE supportLimited storage spaceMediocre cameraChoppy web browsingFor most people, buying a phone is all about maximizing value -- and with price tags like that, the Moto G suddenly morphs from a capable midrange handset to one of the biggest steals on the market today.

this phone does not break- Its been thrown on the ground, put in water, etc.  Feels very high quality.  Dont think twice

Excellent care, the product was delivered on scheduled dates and arrived in perfect condition. The only thing I did not like about the phone is that when programs an alarm and turn the phone off, it does not automatically turn as the black berry

Fairly satisfied. Meets all my needs. Camera sucks but I can work with that. Compromises have to be made esp at this price point.

I gave this phone 5 stars because:1)it is the fastest phone i have ever owned and also the cheapest smartphone i have bought.2)I knew what i was buying so i cant complain about camera or not having a sd slot.3)For me this is the perfect phone from the 2013 and maybe 2014 in terms of price.

Hi- I am like you who would like to get a good phone for the money spent. I did bit of R & D on net and finally finalized & figured this fone. I have started using this since 4 weeksMy Observations.1. Excellent HD display2. Stylish design3. Quality music output4. Android kitkat version is superbbb..5. Fone size is good and so it sits comfortably in palms.What else we need more..!!!!

Satisfies all of my (limited) needs, except for camera.It's fast enough to watch movies and browse the net, the display is excellent, the data connection is fast enough for my needs.It works everywhere in the world where there's GSM, which is good.It doesn't come with cell phone provider crapware, which is great.And it's really cheap.Negatives: camera image quality is quite bad (usable though); quite often the camera would report error and need a reboot to start.Also, it's a little too big for my tastes, but I couldn't find anything with similar capabilities but smaller size.All in all, recommended.

The MOTO G is a good phone, we have one and we really see all of the benefits of this phone. However, this specific version (Global GSM Unlocked) is good for only companies that still use SIM CARDS. So, the description given, although ture, it is not entirely true.3 Stars due to the lack of correct definition, saying that it works with all companies... NOT TRUE...4 Stars for the phone itself... Great phone indeed...

I am so happy wih my New moto g!! The relation between price and quality is good. It' s a fast cell and worm perfectly for Android and GSM 3er

This Phone has very nice features for the Price tag. I purchased this phone for my brother who is studying. i feel this phone is the best choice for the people who is new to smartphone world !!

Solid, good signal!!! goog size!!Pros:- Antutu 17254 points  btter tahn Galaxy S3- Faster Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU- Adreno 305 GPU- Big ang clear screen- Upgradeable to Kitkat 4.4.2Cons:- No SD card slot- Fixed battery- No battery charger- No freehands

Amazing battery life . I have only had this afew days but it is truly an amazing phone for the money. It replaces a motorola droid Razr. And it is much faster and the battery last 3- 4 times as long. I have it on T-Mobile and is working fantastic.

I live in Ukraine and this smart-phone is the perfect device for me. Amazing performance for this money. Good job Motorola :)

Phone as advertised, no problem with operations. In fact a very capable phone for price range. However, would not repurchase this or any other phone that you can not change battery your self. Battery life absolutely too short, not even a year.

The phone is just right for me I'm not a big gamer & I don't take a lot of photos, The phone does all I want it to do and more I've had it for less than a week and I'm very happy with it so far ...

We recently switched to Net10 (AT&T; network) because T-Mobile reception in our location is abysmal. My wife has a Nexus 4 and I am coming from the Galaxy Nexus. Today the Moto G arrives along with a Noosy SIM cutter that I need to convert the SIM for use with the new phone. Wow! This phone is blazing fast. I did a fair amount of research and compared the Galaxy Nexus to the Moto G and there wasn't much difference spec wise. But I can tell you that these two devices are worlds apart. The Moto G is fast and responsive. The WiFi flies. Apps install in a fraction of the time. The battery... damn! Out of the box there was 21% battery and I installed the 4.4 update, downloaded and installed almost all of my apps, setup home screens, signed into apps and configured apps over the course of two plus hours. I plugged it in at 12% battery. I can't wait to see what tomorrow brings.Ask me anything about my experience with this phone.Edit: If you are using this phone with a Net10 type of service, make sure that you input the correct APN settings. Then save them and make sure to delete any other APN profiles that may be there. This will improve your data speed.

The item is great.- designs were great, its really comfortable to hold.- battery is good- camera is so so- the downlow is that there's no earphone included in the box...highly recommended who has tight budget but to buy a great phone.

This phone does everything I want from it. Great product for a reasonable price. Hope it will be durable (at least two years). I strongly recommend this to my family and friends.

Very good phone for the money. Took two for the kids. Kids love it.No Hebrew menu after Kit Kat upgrade.Doron

They hit it out the park with this one. Way better than everything on the market except for the newest hero products from the top 3. The phone is super comfortable in the hand, both big and small. Software updates come almost as quick as they do with Nexus phones. And the transfer app is very handy when you come over from other crappy older android phones. Can't recommend it highly enough.

this phone is excellent comparing price vs features, if you are like me, not a gamer or something like that this is your choice.Pros:Kit Kat 4.4.2nice screenvery fastconsit should have been thinnerno memory expantionnot a s4 or note 3 , but does the job and best price

You need a great handset for the price , then Moto G is the one.Quality at $199 is superb compared to other known manufacturers with similar specs.

it's an okay phone

The phone is working great so far.I bought it for my college son and he loves it.It even has kitkat already.

For the price, this phone is amazing.  Good screen and great battery life.  Decent performance, better than anything else in its price range.Makes a great first smartphone or gift for your partner, parents, etc.  Also makes a good travel phone.  Just make sure to get the 16 GB version so there's room for lots of apps, photos, and music.This would be five stars for me if it supported 4G LTE.  But you can't expect that for this price.  If you're on a budget, and don't do a lot of web browsing or video streaming, this is the phone for you.  Or if your phone provider's 3G network is fast enough, it's worth a look even if you do use the Internet on your phone a lot.Other minor drawbacks: no NFC, and no 5 GHz WiFi.Note: It comes with a USB cable but no power adapter.  This helps keep the cost down, reduce waste, and makes the box light and cute.  You can probably use the one you already have from your old phone.  But if you don't have one lying around, you'll need to purchase one separately.Also note: the micro SIM goes straight into the phone without a SIM tray.  If you're switching from one of the few phones that uses a nano SIM, such as the iPhone 5s or the Moto X, be careful using a SIM adapter.  I haven't tried it on this phone, but I broke a Samsung phone that had a similar SIM slot once.  On the other hand, Jacob says below that it works just fine.  Anyway, just something to be aware of.

You get what you pay for and in the case of this phone, I believe you get more than what you pay for.  It's not a flagship nexus device such as the others available by google.  However, you do pay a premium for those devices.  In my case, I read over the features on this phone, and the next choice up (Nexus 5).  The only features the nexus 5 had which were important to me were the larger screen and larger memory capacity.  I didn't need the additional processing power or the 4G capability.  In the end, paying double this cost of this phone was not worth the upgrade to me.Just be sure to read carefully the specs of the device and to be sure they suit your needs.  If you need a more powerful device and it's worth the cost to you, to go for that device.  It's amusing to read reviews where people say &#34;I would like it better if it had a 5 inch screen&#34;, yet annoying when those reviews downrate the phone because of it.  You know what you're buying and if it's not what you needed, it's to your fault... not the device.Bottom line, this is a high quality device and a great value for the price.  At this price point, there are not other competators.

Moto G is good. Value for money. No such issues I can find. The processor is awesome. Good photo quality.On the whole, a nice deal.

I got this phone because my phone strategy depends heavily on wifi, which died on my Samsung Galaxy just after its warranty expired. Now, it's only been a week or so, and it was with great trepidation that I upgraded from JellyBean to KitKat, but it went great. There actually was a follow-on upgrade that claimed to solve the problems of the infamous Dec 2013 upgrade, and so far it's working perfectly! No random battery discharges or network drops, and the display is fantastic. It's processor is more powerful than the one in my netbook and the apps run like lightning. It fits well in my hand and I would not want a bigger one.One thing I just thought of that I am unhappy about: it's billed as having 8GB, but in fact the system itself says the total capacity of internal storage is only 5.52GB, a significant shortfall. While that is more than enough for my needs, I don't see how they can get away with calling it 8GB.

it is good&#65292;Easy to use&#12290;Liked The screen has great viewing angles, and looks great in general. I dare say I like the color and viewing angles better than on my Nexus 5. The blacks don't become a light grey at the extreme corner angles. Obviously, my 5&#34; 1080p is more of a pleasure to use than the 4.5&#34; 720p overall, but I had to comment on just how rich and beautiful the Moto G display is. The size means that it has a PPI of about 329. The iPhone 5's retina display, for comparison, sits at 326ppi. The vast majority of people will need no more than what this display has to offer. And, AND... it's wrapped in Gorilla Glass 3. Not that it should really matter that much, I've had Gorilla Glass scratch and seen it shatter so it isn't a super material... but some people will be glad to have it.

This phone is very good and performs as advertised.We consumers seem to have bought into the hype of the spec sheet and so go after the badder spec'd phone.This one, although not as spec'd out as the 'high-end' phones on the market does just about everything the average user needs.I am impressed with it.

Great screen with vibrant colors protected by latest gorilla glass. Not the most powerful processor but more than enough for the average user. Nice curved back design that fits well in your hands. Good battery life that can easily last a day under normal usage. Came with stock android JB 4.3 that just got updated to KK 4.4.2. All that for $200. But there are some drawbacks, no LTE, average camera & no SD card slot.

This is the first smartphone I have ever owned because I could not afford the phones or contracts. Now I am payed less than $20 a month for service (Lycamobile) and the great features of a smartphone that was only $180.The phone worked great right out of the box. I realize I should have got the 16 GB because there is only about 5 GB of usable space, so you can but your whole music library on the phone. The Google drive though works very seamlessly with the phone and there is 65 GB of space that come with the phone.The screen is beautiful, one of the best I have ever seen. The touchscreen works very well. I have not had one problem with the hardware. It starts up fast and apps work without a hitch. The processor is fast and there is no lag (I have not used the high end stuff so other reviewers may know better).The battery capacity maybe a little small for the phone as it only lasted 24 hours till it was at 0%. After plugging in it took about 15 minutes before the phone even showed that it was charging and could be started. This is apparently an issue with the phone so don't let it set so low on power it shuts itself down.As a new smartphone user, I am very happy and surprised at how well this phone works and how useful a good smartphone can be. This is a great smartphone and I am recommending it to all the people that ask me about it. Go ahead and buy one if you are the fence. You will not be disappointed. If you order directly from motorola it will ship faster for the same price.The only negative thing I can say is the battery capacity and the buttons have too much wobble. There are some complaints about the camera, but it seems to be taking great pictures to me.Well done motorola and google.

Price benefit are incredible.Very fast.Google helps you to have the best use of this incredible phone.The batterry last more than 1 day.Great.

The phone is very good I recommend it 100% I have bought 2But what I am not is that the latter As I get me, get with-in look without the protective plastic screen and the packaging very mistreated.

i have had my G now for a couple of months and the longer i have it the more i like it. mine came out just before they added the lte and micro sd slot but that said there is no lte where we live and the slot i have no need for as 16gb is plenty of room for my needs. the phone is very responsive, feels exceptionally &#34;solid&#34; and then there is the os which is junk free stock android my personal preference. the battery life is excellent and benchmarks show just that. i like the small white flashing notification light, it slowly goes on and off instead of the norm of vibrate or ring. i don't play a lot of games but when i do one of my favorites is riptide2 and it plays perfectly, no dropped frames, just more proof that what lies underneath is not typical of bargain phones. as for size the phone when i ordered mine i mistakenly thought based on photos that the X was a good deal thinner than the G but side by side the differences are minimal. this phone hits on all cylinders, price, quality, functionality and appearance, a great phone for all. mind boggling to think that this phone has more processing power than all the systems on board the original space shuttle, the columbia but it doesn't come with a $1.7 billion dollar price tag. an over the top comparison yes but point being you need not sacrifice anything purchasing this phone at this price, which leaves me wondering how they can make any money at all off the G. lastly i cannot address the topic of carriers but the phone really it is imho very very good.

Bought this phone a week ago the shipping was pretty fast! For starters let me say that the price of the phone is great, the overall design is great and the hardware performance is amazing! The only problem I have with this phone is that when someone is talking to me via a phone call I hear some interferance in the background as if something where loose inside, when I shake the phone a bit I can actually hear that something is loose inside! I'm thinking it's maybe that something inside the speaker is loose. Also I recently experienced that the phone went completly mute, I could not hear a thing when I played a video or when the phone rang, or when someone speaked throught the phone, don't know what the problem was, I had to turn off and on the phone twice before it was fixed! Don't know if I could return this phone for a newr one that does not have this issues as I'm currenlty in the Dominican Republic!

Best buy smartphone, good price and better features. Offers high quality user experience. Non-bloated rom, just what needed. Updated to kitkat just after unboxing, no problem.

My daughter asked for an iPod touch which costs $244 and that's crazy.  A little less crazy is this phone at $179 and does everything the iPod does plus if I WANT to put it on a cheap plan I can.  What about iTunes, you say?  Well, play music store has all that and you can purchase gift certificates.  The best part.....wait for it.....is I don't have to create a whole new stinking Apple ID plus iTunes password!  It is one username and password for the phone, play store, etc.  Especially, if your entire family is on Android, this is the perfect iPod substitute.And a final recommendation.  Outside of a few bells and whistles....This phone is just as good as the Moto X for a normal non-techie user.  I highly recommend it after helping my Daughter set it up.Cheers!

Well, my Samsung Galaxy S3 met an unforgettable death and didn't want sign a new contract nor wait two weeks for the repair.  This fall, I want to get the One Plus One that is coming out, but needed a phone in the interim.  Three days ago, I bought the Moto G.  Here are my impressions: 1) It is just as fast, if not faster than my S3 2) the build quality is more solid than my S3 3) 3G is slightly slower than 4G LTE, but not by much 4) the battery life is AMAZING - whole day with moderate usage (I listen to music 2-3 hours too) 5) Gorilla Glass 3 feels solid - my S3 would scratch very very easily. 6) Great version of Android Kit Kat 4.4.2I will still probably get the One Plus One, but this definitely gives it a run for the money.  You will not be disappointed!

What can I say different about the great Moto G?It's the best smartphone with the best price. You get a Motorola's smartphone, you get latest Android updates, you get 50 gb googleDrive, you get a smartphone with Snapdragon 400 Quadcore 1.2 ghz , 1 gb of ram, 16 gb stored (11gb for user) and GSM unlocked all for 200$ it's a joke??? No it's not a joke is real.You can buy a smartphone with same or better features with 200$???Well, I guess you can buy a smartphone with same features as Moto G but with more than 200 $ with LG, Samsung, HTC, Sony, Huawei.Pro:-Price 200$ Moto G 16 gb-GoogleDrive 50 gb-Latest Android updates, 4.4.3 available.-Good specifications Quadcore Snapdragon 400, 1 gb ram, 16gb stored and Moto G can handle with the newest games.-Comfortable.-Right size.-Battery is good, 2 full days without charge it but if you do not play games or listen music, I usually used whatsapp, chrome, some apps and the battery is really really good.Cons:-No micro sd expandable. 16 gb with my Moto G and installing a lot of games and software well, but it's ok.-Camera 5 mpx, I suggest a 8 mp.-No removable battery.If you will buy a Moto G please buy the 16 gb stored beacuse 8gb is not enough. I am from Venezuela and my Moto G works great with all three operators (Digitel, Movistar and Movilnet and 3g buy Global GSM unlocked 16 gb)High recommended phone.

coming from the galaxy S4 to the moto G i cannot tell you enough how much i regret doing this... But if this is your first android phone you will love it, but i missed all the gimmicky stuff samsung has to offer... The moto g is good i guess just not good enough for me, The phone is fast ( i dont have a load of apps or games ), camera is better than expected, battery life is great, feels good to the hand ! touch screen is so so.. doesnt come with any bloatware which is good !... i will have to learn to live with it. URGENT UPDATE !!! TODAY I DROPPED MY PHONE ON WATER BY ACCIDENT OBVIOUSLY , IT WASNT TOTALLY SOAKED SINCE I MANAGE TO GET IT OUT SUPERQUICKLY BUT THE PHONE DOES NOT HAVE AUDIO NOW, WHICH SUCKS SINCE ITS SUPPOSE TO BE NANO COATING AND ABLE TO SURVIVE SOMETHING SO SMALL AS THIS !!! ONE WORD : CRAP

And it's only 199$. This smartphone is awesome, not better neither worse than any 400$-500$ & up in any aspect. Sorry for my english

good phone, very actualized and modern android 4 version nice and light and very strong battery, i loved this phone

Best phone ever for this price. Powerful. Smooth. Beautiful screen. Perfect size. UPDATED INMEDIATELY to KIT KAT.  Motorola made a great job with this model

I bought my Moto G from Amazon last January 2014.  The moment I turned it on the phone downloaded the Kitkat update.  The process was fast and trouble free.  It took some time to get accustomed to the bare Kitkat interface (I was used to Samsung's) but the learning curve was not high.  The os was fast, fluid and only lagged rarely.  The apps worked well even when several are open simultaneously.  The phone is just the right size, screen is sharp and bright and the text easy to read and HD videos looked great. Battery lasts the whole day, sometimes even up to two days. The phone's tough too.  I dropped it several times, even once in water (I quickly picked it up and dried it) without suffering any damage.  I bought the 16 gigabyte version which for me is enough for a good number of apps and high quality songs.  I don't miss the micro SD card slot.If there is a downside to the Moto G, it's its middling camera.  Can't expect much from it.  It just shoots average photos and videos.The Moto G is a great phone considering that it has the price of a budget phone.

I have hesitated to use smart phone until I got my Moto G.It is user friendly with good display and function all for a fraction price of iPhone.I always agitate my wife for her locked iPhone with Verizon expensive planwhile I could have the extra freedom and money with my Moto G.

After being on Verizon LTE, I was hesitant about the fact that this was a 3G phone. I heard a couple of reviews about the speed and from a friend that it's pretty fast.  Sure enough, it is fast.  I've got Straighttalk with AT&T; and I'm getting 3G+ HSPA network. Personally, I think the AT&T; 3G+HSPA is faster than 4G LTE I had with Verizon.The phone has a fantastic screen.  It's smooth and fast - no problems with Netflix/Youtube/hi-speed  hotspot.  Sound quality (earpiece and speaker) is great.  Battery life is good for me; lasts the whole day.  16GB is more than enough.I bought Straight Talk micro sim card for AT&T.;  There's a little configuration for data access but nothing too difficult; only took a few minutes.  I've got a very nice phone for $200 and a $45 monthly plan (1/2 of what I had a verizon) for unlimited talk/data/text with hi-speed data and wifi-hotspot (an additional fee with Verizon) on the AT&T; network at half the price.  Awesome deal & without a contract!  (For data you get full speed up to 2.5 GB and throttled down after 2.5GB but 2.5GB is alot of data)Summary:  It's fast, good size, inexpensive, good quality, super value.P.S. I'm surprised there are SO many people still buying absurdly expensive hand-cuffed service thru the traditional big carriers!  I cant believe I've been on of them for such a long time and wasting hundreds of dollars every year!

I am using this in India. We will never get a phone like this on this price range. Switching from Samsung s2 to MotoG was the best decision I have made on 2014.Updated to kit kat.Very fast.Multitasking made simpler.Using it for 2 weeks. Not even hanged once.CONSI am having a problem with the quality of sound from earpiece. I have heard similar issues from other users in India.Contacts feels little bit confusing.

I am loving it I does everything that I need. It is like a premium phone.if it was more expensive it would still be so worth it.

I just got the phone, and love it.  I use it in Italy (TIM).  It takes a micro-Sim card, not the standard size SIM.  You can use it wifi only without a data plan, even use it without a Sim just as an android device.  I was looking for a low cost smart phone without buying a data plan, only using Wifi.  It is easy to transfer audio files onto the phone, and the app store is great.

Perfect balance between price and features. The phone have everything. Adding the capability to increase the external memory it's just the same as a 600 phone.

No issues with the phone.  Everything works as expected.  I would recommend this phone.  Great phone at a great price.

What can you say wrong about this phone? Excellent price, design, size on hand (y). Not 5 stars because it's missing the HDMI Out.

Avoid the LTE/4G model. Mine, among others, was plagued by SD card slot issues. It would not mount a Samsung Evo 32GB Class 10 card, reporting that the card was damaged and blank (though it worked fine on my PC and had music files on it). It would mount a PNY 16GB Class 4 card after 2-3 minutes of processing, but it would then crash multiple apps and prevent any files from being read.Otherwise, the Moto G is a fantastic phone for the money. The SD card issue is a no deal for me, especially with the only 5-6GB of available built-in storage.

To give you some perspective on where I'm coming from, I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 (~$550), Nokia Lumia 520 (~$60), and had an iPhone 4 (~$300 now but probably has planned obsolescence built in if you're thinking about getting it).Pros:-Great price for a backup or replacement phone!!!!-Screen sharpness is great!-It has all the basic Android capabilities.-Very little bloatware.-Pretty good battery life (my standards are low by the way). It's no Nokia Lumia 520, but it does better than the Samsung S4, which at least has replaceable batteries to make up for it.-Removable back cover = no need for a cover for the cover. If it gets scratched up, I can just get another one.-Reasonable 3G speed for the price: 6.1 Mbps download and 3.4 Mbps upload where I live.Cons:-Calls had a lot of static when using hands-free devices so I had to clear the partition using some overly complicated procedure (that's tech support's solution for everything by the way). Not sure if it's any better. FYI, I have AT&T.; Maybe there IS a difference between US and Global even for AT&T; despite what Motorola and so-called experts say. And don't tell me I shouldn't expect much from a $200 phone. My ~$60 Nokia Lumia 520 has great call quality.-Motorola's customer service is awful - wait time can go 30+ minutes and then you get hung up on while waiting for a level 2. This has happened multiple times. The online chat support is worse. They know nothing at all. The funny thing is, I never had to call tech support before I got this phone. My Wi-Fi kept forgetting the password so I had to re-enter it. Level 2's tech supporter said I had to do a factory reset. I ignored that advice. I ended up figuring out that it was my 2x Battery app. I needed to disable Manage WiFi connection.-So much wasted space around the screen. They could've put a gigantic home key and maybe even another phone on the bottom and still have room to spare, but it's not really something I mind given the price.-Very heavy and thick relative to other smartphones of this size, but it's not really something I mind given the price.-No external buttons are usable for the camera. The ~$60 Nokia Lumia 520 even has a dedicated button just for the camera - half-click for focus as well.-I can't use the FM Radio, something I was really excited about. You'd think a clear signal on my car and 10-year-old alarm clock would mean a reasonable signal on my phone, right? Nope. This is for all you suburbanites. I'll have to stick to the NPR app.-Motorola Migrate only works if your previous phone's screen works so you can take a pic of a digital barcode. Mine does not work so this lone option is lame.Some notes that aren't necessarily cons - just advice:-Need to download a notification bar (pull-down) for things such as quick lock orientation. I use Notification Toggle. Good app.-Need to download Screen Filter. The dimmest setting is waaaayyy too bright for bedtime use. The same went for my Samsung S4.-Need to download a visual voicemail app.-Need to download a battery meter because there's no percentage option. I use 2x Battery, but make sure you uncheck Manage WiFi connection. It causes your Wi-Fi to forget your password constantly!Bottom-line: Get this phone if you're a budget-conscious user. Support the off-contract, high-quality, low-cost movement! Scratch that...revolution! ;-) I'd recommend the US version if you live in the US though unless you're getting it as a backup only and would like to travel with it. If you're an ultra-budget conscious user and don't mind losing lock orientation, Google's traffic-based navigation (or anything Google), many apps you're used to on an Android or iPhone, screen filter for ultra-dim use, and a high-quality 4.5" screen, get the Nokia Lumia 520 for ~$60 at the Nokia or Windows websites. It has free navigation with no data required, but it's not traffic-based. I still really like it overall. If you don't have a budget, get the Samsung Galaxy S4. It's got replaceable batteries and a 5" screen, something I really miss. I hate external backup batteries (so bulky and costly). The Nexus 5 at $400 after taxes and shipping is probably too much for a phone without replaceable batteries or a Micro SD slot.UPDATE: I just got Kit-Kat today (12/24). For those of you upset about the limited language selection, the phone now has lots to choose from. Too many to list.

I got this for my wife, it was her first smart phone.She loves it.This phone is a great value compared to other Android phones.

excellent smartphone for their money. not inferior even some big-model. I have everything works fine.excellent battery life.excellent catches satellites gps

I've been using my phone for 2 weeks now and no complains amazing battery life.The speaker could be a little louder but for th price its ok.

I really really like this phone, I have used Nokia's, iPhone's, and this is my first Android. The battery lasts a really long time, the display resolution is amazing, its really thin and functional. Slam dunk!

An excellent cell phone with a good price. I have installed a lot of apps and still working fast. The screen is also big and good.

A phone that way exceeded my expectation in terms of the physical appearance, weight, design, operating system, basic functional expectation out of a smartphone. Let's not forget about the clarity when speaking over the phone. It might be laggy at times when serving the internet with your mobile data plan, but at the price point of less than USD $200, there's nothing much that I can or want to complain.In short, my experience with Moto G --A basic smart phone for the man with basic needs--

This is an excellent phone, none problem, just what I can say is that would very cool have a slot for use a external card

Poor Quality. After 5 Months.My Moto G Suddenly has a thin black line on my screen. Black line going across screen.

Moto G is an amazing phone it gives you a lot for the money it cost It's super fast and loads everything very quickly has an Amazing screen at 720p and it feels solid in the hand and looks more expensive than it is!!! the only downside is no micro sd card so go for the 16gb version!!! Come on this phone is out of this world!! Thank you Motorola!! :)

Charger is missing is my great concern. Should have given basic headset along with phone. Accessories point of view, i felt bad to buy this mobile.

I am so happy with this phone.  I've used it in the USA and Brazil with absolutely no problems!  I definitely recommend!

I've only had this phone for about five months, but I just had to call motorola to get a second replacement phone. I'm not a heavy smartphone user, so it seems odd to me that I've had two phones break in less than six months. However, I will say that motorola has fantastic customer service. Both times, I spent less than 15 minutes on the phone with a customer service representative and had a phone replacement within a few days.

Love the form factor- size (just right-not phablet huge like some pricier ones)- weight- glass- lack of fake looking shiny chrome plastic parts- price to feature ratio and runs the latest Android without any probs.Wouldn't want anything more expensive living in my pocket... and I really can't imagine needing anything with more horsepower.

I live in Colombia. I gave this phone to my wife as a christmas gift. She had a blackberry and now she is happy. The camera is not as bad as many said, obviously is not as good as the one that comes with xperia phones, but it's good.

Initially the phone was great, it was fast and efficient, perfect in my opinion. Then after about three weeks, the SD card began dislocating itself. Just today, I had to open my phone up and reset the SD card four times. It just keeps slipping out. It doesn't matter what I do, even if I leave it on the counter all day, it still dislocates itself. I tried to return the phone but was too late because of it's one month return policy. Now I am a disappointed customer who wishes that the return policy was longer or that they made exceptions. The seller is also impossible to reach. There is no button to contact him or her. Although this phone is great, the SD card cuts my service 3-4 times a day and I wish I could have gotten something or a seller that was more reliable.

My wife REALLY needed a new phone and we didn't want to go under contract.  We are with Wind Mobile in Canada and its tough to find a phone that would work with this carrier.  This phone does and is WAY faster then the phone she first purchased through Wind Mobile.  Its a nice HD screen, she can finally use Google Maps while driving around.  Setting the alarm and everything on it is amazing and simple.  There is really nothing else that I could even want in a phone that this wouldn't do.  I am even thinking about picking one up for myself next time.

I am truly impressed with this phone (Moto G LTE). I am coming from a Galaxy S3, and it holds up well in comparison. I am a casual user, not much gaming, just browsing the Internet, streaming some music, email, etc. It does everything I need it to, with no lag, and incredible battery life. I easily go 4+ hours screen time on a day, with 45% battery left. I could never do that with my old phone. Camera could be better, but pics are reasonable. Overall, dollar for dollar, it is the best phone you can buy for the money.

Overall a good phone for a low price. Only cons are that camera isn't very good and wifi is buggy.

nice phone. has all the features i need . works flawlessly  $179.00 was the right price for an unlocked phone.

I got the 16gig US version, and I'm quite happy with it. Yea it's spec's don't measure up with higher end devices, but for a budget model phone it's quite impressive. The phone does all I want it to do, and hasn't broken the bank in the process.

I picked up an amazon warehouse refurbished one, and it seemed to be pristine although the box had been dirtied up. The phone is an incredible value, and while the Nexus 5 is probably the nicest phone you can get at the moment, this one has better battery life (according to Anandtech), which frankly is the most important smartphone spec. Definitely get the 16 GB one. Having plenty of space so you never have to worry about it (unless you've got some massive stuff to dump on) is super nice. On the 8 GB version, you'll only have like 3 GB of free space, so you would always have to be very careful about what you put on it.I personally would probably prefer the 5&#34; screen on the Nexus 5, but then, I know that smartphones are always getting better and lose half their value in 18 months, so I figured I'd just save the $150 (actually $170 in my case, since I got the refurbished one) for the next phone. Eventually they'll hold their value a lot better when the market matures, but for now, it would be wise to get a very capable budget model like this one.I've also used the Lumia 520/521, and while it is very good for its price, I can get every app I want on the Moto G, plus the screen is larger and sharper, and the battery life is far better (again according to Anandtech, but I believe them).I also really appreciate the waterproof coating. Someone on youtube (erica griffin) put it in the sink for 30 minutes and pulled it out and it still worked fine. That's darn impressive.

This is one of those phones that is just so darn good and easy to use. The price of $199 unlocked is also a darn good price.

Works well, no complaints.  Screen is bright and a good phone for calls, texting and multiple email accounts.  Gets through more than the whole day on a single charge and doesn't deplete battery like many larger smartphones.

Hello, im considering, to buying this phone, but i dont know if will work in centro america, is gsm, factory unlocked?

I absolutely love this phone. I have Straight Talk and am very pleased with this purchase. This phone allows me to do everything I want to with it. Play games, search web, downloads and much more. If you are in the market for a new i-phone try this one!!

Ia a veru good product, I totally recomended it, it's in a very good price and it works excellentNice shape

Hardware performance is comparable to other phones in this price range (going to be used last generation). The quad core processor is great for multitasking and demanding applications. I use my phone to play games while I steam local video to chromecast with no buffering.IF you have AT&T; I WOULD NOT buy this phone. AT&T; does not use a HSPA+ network that T-mobile does (42mbps), so your phone will be stuck on a (comparatively) slow network even for 3G.HOWEVER, if you plan to use t-mobile or metro pcs that does use HSPA+ the real life difference between it and 4GLTE is negligible. In some markets such as Jacksonville its even faster the LTE.People post bad reviews about the camera but unless your trying to be a photographer on your smartphone the camera is average. It takes pictures sufficiently for any normal user.The battery life is great, with heavy use (Applications, bluetooth, wifi & streaming with the screen constantly on) over a day on the battery. The non removable batter is over 2000 mah much more so then most phones that include anywhere from 1540 to 1700.

Great phone. Only complaints are battery life is short and the frontal camera. The frontal camera takes poor pictures when light is low. Other than that I do recommend this phone.

This is my FIRST EVER smart phone, so I really didn't know which one to order. My son, a techie, is the one who chose it for me....because it has lots of great features but isn't nearly as expensive as most other smart phones. I highly recommend this phone, rather or not you're a newbie techie such as myself or more tech savvy. :)

Its a cheap smartphone.I am pleased with that purchaseSmooth reaction on touch.Great screen resolution.Looks nice and small (after GS4)

Everyone i brought this for loves it. Still raving about its great features and access to play store and its apps.

As an internet device, it is nice, but as a phone, it leaves a lot to be desired. Each person I have called since getting the Moto G has complained to me that they can hear an echo of everything they say.I am returning the Moto G. I may order a replacement. Or I may try for an iPhone.....

I recommend purchasing a class 6 sd card for the Moto G 4G LTE. The faster cards didn't work for me.I purchased the phone with a SanDisk Ultra 32GB Micro SDHC Class 10 UHS Memory Card. I couldn't get that to work so I purchased a Samsung 32GB EVO Micro SDHC Class 10 Memory Card. That didn't work either.The one that finally worked was a Samsung 32GB Micro SDHC Class 6 Memory Card.

Great quality phone for the price!

Sorry this Review should be in the U.S model only.Works with WIND mobile and Mobilicity in Canada.Pro: -Unbelievable price!-Feels solid-Update to Android 4.4 kitkat-No lags-4.5 Screen is a big +- Fantastic Battery life-Boots up very fastCons: -No removable battery-No SD card slots-No Charging adapterKeep it up!

I shopped in the stores and they wanted twice as much money for phones that all had something about them that wasn't so great.  This one is half the price, the battery lasts for 2 days, it's fast, it does the job.  Only complaint is the camera's not so good, the zoom on mine doesn't seem to work at all.  But everything else - yay!  Has a light you can get an app that it's a flashlight too.  Wow.

The phone is great...I had little problem getting it set up at the T-Mobil store. It uses a micro-SD card, so if you don't have one (and use the regular one), anyone at the store can get you a new one for free. It takes about 10 minutes.It was delivered on-time and included a charger.

Happy with my purchase.  I had an iphone before this one and was amazed how fast it is compared to the iphone.  I love the big screen and how easy it is to use.

Could not say anymore .. this is a good device at a great price. I recommend this to anyone looking for a good android phone.

I not served my country

Surprisingly like the other reviewer, I had to find a replacement for my iPhone 5. I have used iOS device only before I started looking for a cheap device to use for a while before I go back to iOS (I have way too many apps/devices on apple eco-system). I first purchased the Nokia 520 directly from Microsoft Store for about $65 including an extra back case. I returned the phone in a couple of weeks. This is my second purchase, Moto G 16GB. I thought I could post my views on these two devices. Since others have perfectly described the phone and its features, I am only presenting a comparison:Price:Nokia 520 beats Moto G at more than half the price of Moto.Looks and hardware:Both phones look good, I prefer the curves of Moto better. Both do have replaceable backs to change the colors. Both are 3G devices, but I found Moto to have faster web access speeds. Of course the Nokia has a lower processor speed and innards, and such sometimes felt sluggish, especially when searching or using cortona. Camera wise, both suck. At least Moto has a front facing camera that could be useful and a flash. Nokia misses both of them, but has a better Camera app.Nokia has user replaceable batteries, making it easier to carry some spare around. It also has an SD card slot, a necessity when you plan to use HERE offline maps. The phone comes default with 8GB should be adequate since there are not many apps you can download. LOL. Moto has a decent battery life, but is not user replaceable.The location of the microphone on Moto G is prone to find a hand covering it while you hold the phone. Which practically mutes the microphone.Screen:Nokia has a lower resolution screen. But is quite adequate. I disliked the glossy screen on Nokia, very difficult to read in sunlight plus a finger print magnet. Moto has a retina display equivalent screen resolution, very nice indeed.Software:Both phone adequately run their OS and apps. The Nokia is a windows phone and such has fewer apps, functionality. It probably is a good 1 or 2 years behind Android and iOS in terms of functionality. Nokia was updated to Windows 8.1 which featured Cortona. Windows 8.1 resembles iOS more than it does Android. If you use Google services, you would hate the Nokia. They don't play well with google. Even the browser web interface of Google apps on the phone look 2g-ish..remember the good old WAP and GPRS? However, surprisingly, it paired very well with iCloud. I could sync my iCloud contacts and calendar quite easily. There are some annoying feature omissions..for example, when you receive a new whatsapp notification and click on it, it just opens the app. It does not open the message thread. This could well be an app issue, but I would be surprised as it does work on other os'.Both have excellent mapping services. I prefer the offline maps on Nokia, but like the flexibility of Google maps.Final verdict:Nokia 520 is a great back up device, lacking in many key software areas, but makes for a great GPS unit. Lifetime free map upgrades. It is quite difficult to make it a daily use phone..unless you just need a device that does basic smartphone things. And if you don't plan to use Google services.Moto G is a capable device, that can be your primary phone. For more than 80% of the Android users, this phone would suffice. It does everything you need.

Simply can't beat the price. The camera isnt great but other than that, its quick and pretty. Very happy with it.

I bought the Moto G because my Sony Xperia Ion bricked itself for the second time and was out of warranty. I didn't have time/patience to deal with AT&T;'s support/replacement process and wanted to get an Android phone that wouldn't break the bank and would hold me over until my upgrade later in the year. After some research, the Moto G was the best option for me, and what I got was much more than what I expected.The phone, just simply, works. The interface is the fastest and most responsive of any phone I've owned. Apps install and load very quickly. It's unlocked, so there's no carrier-specific bloatware taking up RAM or storage space. The display is bright and colorful...I was surprised that a display this nice was on a phone under $200; it's easily on par with the Sony Bravia display on the Ion or the Retina display on my friends' iPhones. The data is 3G which I was worried about, but I honestly haven't noticed a difference between 3G on this phone and LTE on my last phone. My download speed averages about 8 Mbps, which is more than enough for my daily tasks. Android KitKat is the best iteration of Android that I've used, with a number of features that by themselves make the price worth it.My only qualms are that the rear camera is a step down from my previous phone (5MP instead of 12MP), and the power/volume buttons on the side are a bit lose. There's also no SD card slot, but even after loading the pictures and apps that were on my previous phone, I still have about 6 GB remaining on the phone. (16 GB model)I was skeptical because all the reviews I read seemed TOO positive, but I have to add mine to that pile. This is the best phone that I've ever owned, and I don't think that I'll even bother with the AT&T; upgrade when it comes around.

Moto G does not recieve MMS group text or any multi media text. Motorola offers no substantive support I have sent two emails they respond telling me I will get an answer within 24 hours and a week later nothing. Aside from the mms issue this is a great phone but being unable to get our receive photos is a real pain. They know about the problem and choose to ignore it.

This phone ticks every check boxes for a mid-range smartphone.Display is excellent and viewing angles are very good. You could notice the right contrast level while playing games.I recommend matte-finish screenguard for this phone. You should be ready to sacrifice some brightness and get the silky feel of touch. Touch is very smooth and accurate. Battery is good. I got the juice for 15 hours with 50% brightness, mobile network on, average gaming,few calls and some clicks.This is what average use is.To my surprise, Audio quality is excellent with my Panasonic Ergofit earphones. Clear bass with perfect detail.Could have packed with power adapter. But for $199, it's no-brainer. Bang for your buck.I recommend this phone to everyone who expects an Incredible value.

I am new to smart phones so can't weigh in on the technical aspects of this phone but I can say it is easy to use, has fast responses, and an intuitive design. And that doesn't even mention the fantastic price! Love it!

Definitely bang for the buck. Most phones at this price range could not match the moto g's smoothness, excellent display and even gaming capability.  The battery lasts longer than my n4, thanks to snap 4 and a slightly lower adreno gpu.  This phone will play most games out there.  If you are fine with 12gb space to work with then this is your phone. Btw, It natively supports otg until you update to kitkat.

Very nice phone, especially screen. I am using it and 4G LTE works flawlessly on ATT/Cricket network. I have never regret buying Motorola and I've been with my Defy+ for about 3+ years and it got a bit old :)

Excellent phone, very good value / price ratio.Cons: note that even in the international version there is a very limited language selection.

Best value phone ever! I &#34;uprgaded&#34; from a Galaxy S3 to this phone and i thought I loved my S3 but this phone blows it away. I have had this phone for a few months now and it is the quickest phone I have ever used thanks to KitKat paired up with the Snapdragon quadcore an 1g of ram. I honestly dont have one single complaint about this phone! The battery lifeis freaking amazing and the best of abny phone I have ever used! The screen is beautiful with a few more ppi thah the iphone 5c. My girlfriend owns a iphone 5c and ina side by side comparson, this phone is peppier, has a larger screen, way longer battery life, can multitask better, and it is about $600 cheaper out of contract lol. The camera if used with the Google Camera app is a good camera. Not as good as my S3 or any of Samsungs newer Galaxy models, but again this phone is only $200 and only has a 5mp camera. Unless you are a professional photographer or a selfie superstar this camera should make you proud to take pictures with it. This phone is packedwith so many convenient featres that make this phone the amazingphone it is, most of which are either Motorola or Google based (which i love). This phone also has a very good selction of accessories here on Amazon incluing diffferent colors of back covers and matching flip cases. And now Motorola has just released an all white 4g LTE model which is definately going to be my next phone when i decide to retire this one (because it's a motorola...it's going to work forever lol)! It also has a great feel in the hands, espessially with the slight dimple on the back that cradles your pointer finger as you text or play flappy bird lol. And this thing cannot be broken. I have dropped this phone several times and you cannot even tell that it has ever touched parking lot concrete. All in all this is a modest priced super phone that will definately be hard to beat!

I was looking for some up-to-date smartphone, with nice wide screen and good technical stats but for not too expensive price. Moto G beats the best scores, I simply love it! It came with Android 4.3 but automatically upgraded to 4.4 right after I connected to Wi-Fi, it never had anything like automatic shut down or &#34;application stopped working&#34; so far (I own it for almost 4 months by now), it operates the games with advanced graphics smoothly. The phone has 16 gb to fill up with my favorite music, photos and apps. Its design is sleek, with very clear and bright screen. Even though the camera is not the best feature of it, I've made some stunning photos especially when doing sightseeing with the daylight. It actually has pre-installed pictures editing feature, so that you can edit your photos and pictures without installing special graphic editing apps from the store! I love it. And if you know at least a little bit about composition, light and focus, this phone can become your best hands-on camera friend even with such a medium level specs. Regarding the battery, if you are not spending too much time on Facebook or YouTube, the phone can easily live the whole day with one full charge.The only inconvenience is that it did not come with the charger, but as long as it had the USB cable I am fine with it.I absolutely recommend this phone. It is the greatest piece of technology for such a low price.

My husband loves his new phone.  It is easy to use and has an app for everything!  Even with the touch screen he is enjoying it!

handling well,it has a perfect screen and good battery,I like a moto design ,like a 4.7inch  size .the Moto G is very good.

Great phone great price even has a good battery life I'm not going to explain what it doesn't have you should already know what you're getting for the price but for those that think it's not a 4g phone it is its just not 4g LTE , it connects to t mobile hspa+ 4g you get between 5-15 mbps it just doesn't shows 4g on top next to the bars but if you look under settings then status you'll see it connected to hspa+

If, like me, you use this phone for the basics--making calls, texting, a little web surfing, and some apps for data collection, GPS, etc.--this is a nearly perfect phone at an unbelievable price.  Sound quality is excellent, the screen is brilliant and a good size, it features KitKat, and adding a SIM to an unlocked phone takes about 90 seconds tops.  99 percent of the time, this is all the phone I'll ever need.  I was considering the Moto X, but that unit's whiz-bang features (voice wakeup, shake-to-shoot camera, and Moto Maker personalization), sexy though they seem, just wouldn't get used enough by me to justify the extra cost.No, there's no 4G LTE, but if you live & work in a wi-fi environment and aren't into extreme gaming or watching movies on your phone, who cares?  If you ARE into those things, then spend the extra $400 or tie yourself down to some overpriced contract.  16 gigabytes with no expansion slot is a possible issue (you shouldn't even consider the 8 gig unit given the $20 difference), but there are inexpensive workarounds and Google cloud storage.Even for the casual user there are a few minor flaws.  The camera is its weakest feature, and if you're really into using your phone for picture taking, it won't be adequate.  It's a no brainier to use, but it's only 5mp, and it likes to hunt and hunt for focus and never quite get there.  Then there's the layout.  The on-off button is on the side above the volume rockers, in a place where my fingers fall naturally when using the phone, and that makes it too easy to push the button at the wrong time.  The whole unit feels a little less-than-substantial in the hand, too.  A TUDIA rubberized back fixed both of those last two issues for less than $10.Bottom line--it's an unlocked phone that will handle almost everything I want it to do at a price that can't be beat.

I bought 16GB version and I love it &#60;3 working well without lags! the best for 200$. recommend &#60;3 &#60;3

Wasn't for me but the receiver is loving it (upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy S2). It's not the fastest or best in the world but it definitely fits her needs. If nothing else, she can at least go 2 days now without worrying about battery for her normal usage. Some SMS/WhatsApp here and there and playing music and general browsing. This phone doesn't slow down for her usage patterns either.Definitely recommended over the Moto E which is even more cheaper version. For the extra $70, it's at least 2x better so it's a no brainer. Moto E isn't so terrible but yeah, definitely not as worth it if you are thinking of price to value ratio.

I am a S3 owner. I decided to switch to Moto G given performace issues with my current phone, It is almost unusuable (do not take me wrong, S3 is an excellent phone, just that I had  high expectations of this high end phone that they weren't totally achieved). I hope to have a better performance with Moto G as a result of the pure Android OS.I haven't received the phone yet so I can give a proper review (I am pretty sure it will be a great phone). However, my complaint is that it is stated that the PHONE IS 4G UNIVERSAL..... why it doesn't work with Band 3 (used in Venezuela)?. I realized this after the pre-order.You can't say &#34;UNIVERSAL&#34; when it is actually far from that. Aware overseas buyer of this.It will work in the US with no problem. But if you travel to Europe, Africa or Venezuela, 4G won't work.It could have been totaly UNIVERSAL if Motorola would want so.

When you buy it, you realize how did they manage to cut price, that is, coupling the phone with a usb/micro usb cable. That's it. but whne you think about it, any charger from any recent smartphones can work, or you can plug the cellphone to your pc and charge it that way. You cannot and adittional memory space with micro usb, but 8 and 16 GB are more than enough (althought I recommend buying the 16GB version, 'cause it's an even better deal). This cut in price sacrifycing aditional gadgets instead of quality is what at the end is going to make you fall in love. The phone doesn't come stuffed with thousands of apps, wich is great, leaving you the decision to download exactly what you want and need on your phone. Gamers: worry not. This phone is fast... and when I say fast, I mean FAST. Not for the price, it's fast, toping benchmarks easily. Some games like dead trigger 2 MAY have some minuscule lag (less than a second) and with graphics at max. I'm just so in love with this phone for the right reason (design, speed, quality) than I can do nothing more than recommend it. P.S. In my opinion, some people compare it in specs with the galaxy S3, but in reality, it stands in users experience between the s3 and s4. There's NO cellphone like this one. None.

Bought 2 of these a while back for my parents. Perfect phone for new to android users. No crashes and the 3g coverage on T-Mobile rivals my LTE sometimes. Did a couple speedtests before I gave it to them and got 9mbs down and 1.5mbs up consistently. Highly recommend to anyone. Even advanced users have some great ROM options at XDA

I was very happy with the phone until about day 6 and noticed the right side of the screen didn't respond properly.  That was the only issue.  I could have gotten a replacement instead of a refund (I was that satisfied that I wanted another one) but couldn't be without a phone during the return process. The warranty was honored and I received a prompt refund. This phone is worth a try.  The screen is large for the price - display is excellent - reception very good. Nice camera,  storage, and web surfer.

I bought a brand new moto G from amazon itself. However, there was several specks of dust beneath the display protector which made me wonder if I received a refurbished or even used product!I gave 4 star because moto G itself worth the price. But, the product condition was very disappointing.

it's got almost everything u need in today's technology. Quad core 1.2 ghz, adreno 305, 1gb ram, android 4.4 for 200$! thars no competition for this phone on market today!&#65279;

You must buy this smartphone. Better than expected. its performance is amazing for its price .. no lagsImmediately at turning on the upgrade was available for android 4.4.2and with the nexus 5 launcher its performance improved even more.

I got this phone for my wife for Xmas. I have a Nexus 4 and there's not much difference except for the price I paid.  I'm impressed and my next phone will probably be a motorola.

great phone at an amazing price point bought another for my wife and as always fast delivery

Love this phone. Just what I needed. More than I expected. Highly recommend. Great price for a great unlocked phone.

This Phone is abolutely great in terms of specs vs price.the Screens is so soft to touch, the colors and display is rich. Phone performs faster and screen swipes are smooth and super fast. although it is a Vanilla of Android 4.4.2 KitKat, still it does everything a smart phone must do.I got this phone in a Need since my Phone was Tri-Band & it did not work in USA. I ordered this 16GB Global GSM Model. But when it arrived it was a single SIM version XT1032 which was no-where mentioned on the website.finally I had to return it back and I ordered another 8GB XT1033 Dual SIM version after a lot of search on Amazon....The Dual SIM version shipped from New York and it took 10 whole days for standard shipping to arrive. Not an issue... but it could be faster.Well.... either of the 2 models are absolutely awesome.... I am really impressed with its quality, price, features, hardware specs, and the super soft touch...Some people say that It does not have a Card slot so its a waste of money,.,... but hey... it has USB OTG Host... and hence you can connect  a pen drive or Hard drive to it using a suitable adapter (selling for only $1.3,,, quite a good deal)Second thing people cribb about is the non-removable battery.... under normal to above average usage... the batteries easily last for 3 year.... & the Battery on Moto G has good stamina. in any-case after 3 years... you are gonna buy another phone instead of battery replacement... even if you need to keep it... just get another battery from Motorola (or its subsidaries or service providers)...This phone is bang for buck....

I bought the 16GB Global Unlocked Moto G about four months ago ($200 from Amazon).  So far, I really like this phone -- if it dies tomorrow, I will order another one.  Here's why.First, it is a completely clean Android phone.  No extra shells, no goofy interfaces, just plain Android.  The Google Play store has apps for everything I need, or want.  And every app I have tried works.  (Disclaimer -- I don't use/buy/have a ton of apps, but have yet to find one that did not work.)  I like the flexibility of the Android OS, compared to Apple iOS (my previous phone was an iPhone 4s, which served me well.)Second, the phone is totally &#34;factory&#34; unlocked.  This allows me to choose the carrier that I want, without contract, and change when I want.  In the US, I use ATT; since the phone is unlocked, there is no contract required.  And it is global -- I recently took it with me to Europe (Netherlands, Italy, and Austria.)  In Austria, for example, I stopped at a small bookstore.  For 10 euros ($14) I could buy a SIM card with 1GB data, 1000 minutes, 1000 texts, good for 30 days.  After installing the SIM and activating it online,  the phone came up and worked perfectly.  This flexibility is great, and saves a lot of money compared to using a US carrier's global services.Physically, it is nice and solid.  I like the size -- fits in most pockets, but the display is significantly bigger than the iPhone 4s. The display is very, very sharp.  I can read it in sunlight when needed -- and the colors are true and bright.  The case is smooth, almost slick, so I added a plastic/rubber case after a week.  The buttons are small, but nicely placed.  Battery life is as good as the iPhone 4s was.  I have no complaints about the camera, but I do carry a small digital camera when I know I will be taking a lot of pictures.The only downside is that there is nothing quite like iTunes available for Android, and it took a lot for me to adapt.Thanks for reading!  Again, I really like this phone!

is a great phone, excelent weitgh and shape, confortable  fluid and good choice for 200$ but i wanna try a BLU LIFE 8 xD

I like screen, touch, responsiveness and price.There could be better phones there, but they will start from 300 USD.It's enough for me and for average 95% of users.

I bought this Motorola Moto G  in early Feb and so far I have no single problem with the phone. The battery life is very long. I don't need to recharge it everyday like my old cell phone. The screen is wide enough for my daily use. The only drawback is the on off button is too close to the volume and sometimes when I adjust the volume, I turned off the the phone by accident. The camera is terrific. For around 200 dollars, it is a very good deal for a no-contract unlock smart phone. The best thing is ,it works on Metro PCS !!

Its a great phone for the money, has everything you need and fantastic battery life, wi fi is great as are the apps, screen clarity is very good, buy this phone its a no brainer, I'm very happy with it.

Switching from a flagship phone to a simpler phone was something I was quite unsure of. But the Moto G is a great phone. Not just in the category of phones under $200, but in smartphones in general. Motorola has proven that great phones can be cheap and that cutting costs doesn't necessarily mean having a no good phone. Works great in Panama as well.

Can't find anything I don't like, great phone. I have bought another Moto G for my wife, if you like wasting money go buy an IPhone.

This is a pure android smartphone, if you use a lot Google service you will be pleased with this phone.Only complain is that they don't give you a power charger, only a USB cable to connect it to a pc for charging.Battery lasts one day on average, I think that charge through USB -&#62; pc is slower than with a  power outlet.

Pros:-Price-LTE and expandable storage option-Great screen and great viewing angles, this screen does not look like the screen of a $200 phone-Fast when considering the price-Great battery life, this phone should get you through the day with medium to heavy useCons:-Limited storage-Poor quality control; first phone Amazon shipped had a few dead pixels-A little bit of lag if you push the phone to it's limit, but not noticeable in everyday use-Uncertainty of future support with Lenovo buying Motorola from Google

I've had the phone for 2 months now. It is my first smartphone. I love it. The only thing I have trouble with is connecting the blue tooth. I haven't taken the time to call Motorola.

Its a good phone and for the price it is even better.The reasons that I give it a 3 (would have given 3.75 actually), are :1) No expandability with a SD card, in this day and age2) The Contacts and Caller logs are not at all easy to use : Add, edit, deletingRecommended if the above are ok with you

I was an apple lover and Android hater, after throwing thousands of $ on apple devices, I've run out of budget. But now I'd have to say this is the best phone I've ever used and also the cheapest one. I'd say if it cost me $400, I ll still buy it.

Have had this phone for one week.  It is everything I was hoping for and more.  I'm still learning all of the many features it has.  Call quality has been great.  At this point, I've had no issues with the phone.

Received phone on promised day. I actually love the phone.  The only reason am rating it 4 star is because I don't think it is correct to send a phone without a charger and headphones.  This phone does not come with those.  If you are taking this phone out of the country you may want to order a charge and headphones.  The best feature for me is having the menu item that seamlessly shows what applications are running.  For me, this phone has everything I need at $220.

Well to start with...1) $199.9 is just an online price and it does not includes Sales tax, that's an extra price to be paid. Seriously, for online orders ....???2) It does not comes with any type of a charger or what so ever other than just a USB cable.3) White color USB cable for a Black colored phone...an uneven odd mix that gives an impression if its an OEM product purchased separately in bits and bolts.4) No earphones included...that's an extra purchase too.This happens to be an unfair marketing practice / strategy, (not sure by either Amazon or by Motorola), as the above important facts about the product are not been disclosed. it would have been much better, if the customers were well informed by the sellers about what they would be getting in return of the money they are spending for the purchase of this product.I wish Amazon would have their attention drawn to this review and care to respond.

I was wanting to get Nexus 5 but then Moto G came out with a better price and almost with the same specs. Glad I waited.

This is a really good phone, the screen is amazing!!Replace my Galaxy Nexus with this phone and its fast and snappy, don't hesitate to buy this phone!!

This smartphone is awesome, 179 bucks for a very good prestations phone, is fast in everything. Android KitKat already, Thanks Moto and Google.

A really nice to use phone. Has a good battery life. Has sharp graphics and takes great photos. Load apps in good time.

I am very much Impressed

This smartphone is incredible, it has a lot of perfomance in games and multitask app's.It has pure Android from Google, it doesn't have any kind of junk application that can slow down the phone, the camera is really good, I have no idea why people destroys the camera because of it's megapixels, don't believe that, the quality in overall is amaizing for the price and the slow motion camera is a really good function that doesn't have a lot of smartphones of high price.I'm from Venezuela and the Kitkat version of Android is available for download and even the latest update for Kitkat too, really good signal in closed areas and the 3G works nicely.I recommended it in every way, the best purchase I have done so far for just 200$

It's not the big one, but it's fast enough, very stable, easy to use. I don't recommend the 8Gb version, because this phone have only one problem, It don't have memory card extension bay.In my opinion, If you want a good cellphone without spend a lot of money, The Moto G 16Gb the best one.

Worth the price

Ok i order this for my wife, because i had order the Google version of the phone, it came amazingly fast, i wasnt even expecting the phone to show up that fast, well i took it out, and honestly i like this one better than my Google version, she is happy with the phone.

Every element of the phone is good .Worthy .camera clarity is good.big screen . Excellent sound clarity . New os

Go for the 16gb version, dont make my mistake8 GB means that you'll only have like 5 or 6 REAL Free GBSo go for the 16 gb versionIt's a nice phone though

This phone is buttery smooth, gets excellent battery life, plays graphically intensive games smoothly, and comes with stock android. I recommend this to anyone, especially someone coming from the gs3

I've read numerous reviews (in the US and Europe) before ordering, so I expected a good phone; no surprise here.I am surprised how GOOD the phone is (ignoring the rear camera issue - not very important to me).* It feels very solid (although somewhat heavy).* It is fast enough.* The display's colors are amazing (see more info below).* The screen has a lower resolution, but it is excellent for this screen size (a few years ago, TV sets with such resolution were being sold as &#34;high definition&#34; or HD - only later to be replaced with &#34;True HD&#34; versions...).* Since it is a &#34;Google&#34; phone, integration with Google services is great.* In two days, I was able to find some very good applications and a couple of widgets int the Google's Play store.Most displays (even the one in Kindle Fire HDX) have a medium to strong bluish color cast; this phone does not (I assume, some people are so used to &#34;blue&#34; screens that they may not like it).Explanation: Manufacturers have used bluish screens in TVs, and later in LCD displays, **for decades**, because such displays appear brighter to the viewers (but colors suffered badly).This would be very good phone at a higher price; at this price, it is a five-star phone.Note: 9 out of 10 reviews I read were very positive; one site in England gave it 10/10 (value adjusted).&#34;Sad part:&#34; Google just replaced their fantastic boot-time screen animations; I was only able to enjoy them for a couple of days.

Fast, right size and reliable, my family keeps telling me to buy them one, it is that good for the price!

Well she loves it, so I guess that counts. She replaced a very bad old phone with this and it is the perfect example of a budget smartphone.

This is a great phone.  I bought one for my son after I tried one.  We have a cheap T-Mobile plan that doesn't provide phones, so this is just the ticket.

Love this phone, nice an sleek, has a lot of feature like Google plus and assist. Very good camera and the phone is fast.

The is real nice and good but they don't specify that the box only contains the phone and a USB cable (No wall charger), at least they should let people know this things before buying. otherwise everything was really good.

Great device for a terrific price. It has a beautiful screen, voice-activated controls, and all of the functions of much more expensive smartphones.

I'm truly satisfied with those phones, they have an excellent performance and they are such a great alternative for this price.  The service is also recommend it because the merchandise arrived in excellent conditions and one day early than the estimated date.

moto g don't needed review you only need to buyfast ergonomic battery all day and google update... what do you want?

I use this phone with Tmobile prepaid unlimited plan for $30 a month. 16 GB is plenty of space for apps and the phone is built with good quality. Ive dropped a few times with no case.

This phone is fast, smooth, has Kitkat.. and you will not find a better phone at a better price. Point Final!

for the price, the performance is excellent. Doesnt freeze or lag. runs all apps, only thing i miss is , it doens tsupport &#34;Google Now&#34;

GOOD SELLER RECOMMEND IT 100%

i have only had the phone for 1 week and so far its been great it updated  to kitkat, and with moto migrate i moved all my apps to my new phone in about 10 minutes, i also uploaded a couple more apps and still have available 2.5 gb certainly will buy again from motorola and google again

I was looking for a budget phone which can handle normal day-day tasks such as couple of email accounts, business call, messages, whatsapp and occasionally skype service without any hiccups. I am pretty much satisfied by my purchase of Motorolla Moto G which can handle these tasks very efficiently.Upon my first power up, handset asks for the OS upgrade, I did it and the new Android kitkat is great (4th week user)I totally recommend this handset if you are a moderate user with little tight on budget. But not recommending if you are a gamer or you cannot breath without taking pictures :)

My first smart phone, I had been anti-technology but I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!  Very easy to use, operates quickly and seems very high quality.  Great phone for the money.

Love my Moto G I bought from Republic wireless. It's my first smart phone!Republic price plans blow all other cell provider's away with their CHEAP plans!Chech them out at republicwireless.com!If you would like a free $20 credit with them, just use this link when you sign up!http://rwshar.es/2ayJ

It is a good phone at a great price. Although it has its limitations, the camera and the storage, otherwise excellent.

It is excelent, only i have ti court the sim card and it,is ready to use . I like such much!!

This fun is amazing it's very light and strong. It's my daily phone, i use it everyday and all day

I got the Moto G US version from Amazon around Christmas last year- I was originally going for the international version but most of the units were sold out by the time I got around to ordering them.As far as technical specifications are concerned, I won't bother listing them here since there are about a zillion webpages and tech review sites out there going into those in detail.As a life long android phone user from low-end to high-end, I have to say that this is quite literally the best phone available within the price range- I do not give glowing reviews like this lightly, but the Moto G is an exception. What Motorola pulled here is short of a miracle.If you're ordering this, you're basically getting a phone on a very similar magnitude as the Samsung Galaxy S3, (with half the ram if you're a US based customer, unfortunately- but Moto G's 1GB ram is still enough to do its job) with a lesser camera, no LTE and about double the real world use battery life. Due to the 'skin' on Motorola's version of Android being more or less nonexistent (it is there), they were able to pay more attention to things that really matter, like optimization of hardware components to the Android operating system. Which means in practically all real world usage scenarios the Moto G holds up quite admirably to anything you can expect from last-gen top of the line smartphones that still costs 500 to 600 dollars off contract.I'm what some people might call a power user. I always have a few heavy widgets, mostly pulling data from various mail/message/calendar/to-do service from the net running all the time on all my pages. Such services tend to be very RAM heavy and places strain on processing power and battery life. I also read heavily, text/email enough to write a small book per week, and have a nasty habit of trying to check out a new crop of Android games almost every week. Most modern smartphones doesn't really last more than six or seven hours under my usage pattern during a workday. Moto G, on the other hand, does not fall behind on the performance front, and still delivers around a full day- that's 24 hours, not a 'business day'-of usage, screen time around four to six hours, higher if I'm not doing anything too processor intensive, and remain within wifi zone like my work place.Granted, sometimes I miss the ability to download things at LTE speeds, but I think I'm willing to trade slower (but certainly serviceable) data transfer speeds over freedom of being away from charger as long as I want without nary a compromise.I've shopped around for quite a bit, and I'm pretty confident that Moto G is about the only phone that delivers such level of performance and longevity at the price point. Competitors from Samsung and Sony at $200 off contract price level can't hold a candle to what this little beast can handle. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great mobile with good fundamentals, with freedom to choose their own carriers and data plans, no matter where they may be in the world.

OK

I'm extremely impressed with this phone.  Great screen, great performance and great price.  I still can't believe how much this device costs.

gave to bro for xmas.  he likes it a lot.There are far more useful web sites out there to get info about this phone than I can provide. I suggest you do a search for reviews for better info to decide it this phone is for you.Here are a couple:[...][...]There are a lot of reviews out there...

Awesome phone, for awesome price, what can i say! Best deal on the market. Works perfectly. Battery life is great

I wanted to love this phone so much after the first few reviews I read from some of the top gadget websites. I ordered this phone from Amazon and had my uncle bring it with him when he came home to the Philippines.On the evening I got my Moto G, I immediately turned it on and it upgraded to Kitkat right away so that saved me the trouble. I downloaded all my favorite apps and fiddled around with it a bit. The phone was snappy and very responsive and spent the evening watching Youtube and browsing through my favorite sites.The trouble started when I left for work and had to rely on my mobile data network. I would intermittently lose my 3G signal a couple of times an hour. When I get absolutely no signal, I would have to turn airplane mode on and off or I would have to restart the phone for it to work. This solution is only temporary though.The problem happens when I make calls too. The phone would ring for a bit before my calls drop and get a message saying that I am out of service area. Sometimes, I'm not able to make a call at all because I am told that my phone in in airplane mode even though it isn't. As usual, I had to turn airplane mode on and off before my Moto G becomes temporarily usable.I had my sim card replaced twice and changed my service to a postpaid one to try to fix the problem. Nothing happened.It seems that this problem is caused by the Kitkat upgrade, as evidenced by the number of people having the same problem after upgrading their android version.I bought a phone and got a crappy one. It's a fast and responsive wifi device but I didn't drop $200 for that, that's why I got a Nexus 7.

This is a really nice phone,  my mother is happy with it. She got on mother's day and she is happy.

I am using it in Central America and Works great, everything: photos, video, etc is fantastic, you won't be sorry

The price vs features ratio can't be beaten. Fast, compact, well built and very well priced. I thought about buying a nexus, but I am satisfied with this one.

Fantastic product recommended for allExcellent value for moneyDurable batteryVery nice displayFull connectivityVery fast in all conditions

I bought an Unlocked Phone to be activated with AT&T.  AT&T could not get the phone to work with their system.  We worked on it for almost an hour with Technical Support and the staff at the AT&T Store going through every setting.  We called Motorola Technical Support directly and they were absolutely no help.  Matter of fact they were almost rude.  I am returning the phone and will buy a different brand (Samsung) directly from AT&T.  I will never buy another Motorola product solely due to the poor customer service.  Sad considering I have had a Motorola phone since my bag phone in the 80's but never again.

You can read other reviews for details on the Moto G. I will primarily compare the Moto G LTE version with the Moto G (3G) and Moto X in this review.I own all three of the above phones and I chose the Moto G LTE as my daily phone since it have the best compromises out of the three.Features the Moto G LTE have that the Moto G 3G version lacks:-4G LTE of course.-Gyroscope. For example, if you install the Google Camera app, you can take Photosphere photos. The 3G version do not have this feature.-MicroSD support. (PS. It will work with 64gb microSD card formatted as FAT32. If your 64gb microSD is formatted as exFAT, you need to reformat it as FAT32.)Things from the Moto G LTE that I prefer over the Moto X:-Better grip comfort:The Moto G is thicker than the Moto X which is a good thing. The back cover is soft and smooth, and due to the thicker sides and rounder edges it is ergonomic and more comfortable to hold.-Better battery life:While both have LTE, due to difference in screen technology and lower powered CPU, the Moto G tend to get half an hour to one hour of screen on time more than the Moto X.-Stays much cooler:Due to the lower powered CPU and maybe the size, it doesn't get as hot like the Moto X. Even after using the phone in navigation mode for an hour, the phone doesn't get hot enough to become uncomfortable to hold.-Moto G LTE version have microSD support, Moto X don't. It's true Motorola is coming out with a Moto X with 64gb, but its a bit too late and probably more than most want to spend for a phone that is not top of the line anymore.-Better screen details:This will be controversial to some. I actually love the AMOLED screen technology which is used in the Moto X and Samsung phones, due to it's superb 180 degree viewing angle, super deep black, and excellent contrast. However, for a budget phone, the Moto G screen is very acceptable. While the viewing angle for the Moto G's IPS screen isn't very good, it's actually sharper than the Moto X AMOLED screen and have smoother colors (less color banding). It's about same brightness as the Moto X screen.What I felt missing from Moto G:No NFC. This is the only thing that bummed me out about this model and I felt it should have been included at its price point. Lacking NFC takes away some cool and useful features. With NFC you could: pay using Google Wallet, easily transfer contacts or files between Android phones using Android Beam, ability it to use "Moto Skip" to unlock your phone, and fast pairing with NFC enabled devices.Of course there are other cool exclusive Moto X features like Touchless Control, Active Display, and quick camera access. However, the Moto G does have a white LED notification light and you can download third party Active Display alternatives.Overall: I recommend spending a little more to get the Moto G LTE version over the 3G version. It holds its own against the Moto X, while not as fast and features-filled, it gets better battery life and includes microSD support, while practically retaining the same size and use comfort. It's a very well rounded phone that run stock Android smoothly and very little bloatwares. The build quality is pretty decent. It have nano coating for water resistant, but I definitely recommend getting a tempered glass screen protector. IMO, the build is as good or better than some other plastic flagship devices (*cough* Galaxy). The battery life is adequate to get you through an entire day. Lastly, being a Motorola phone you know that you'll get good signal and call quality.The weak points of this phone include having an average 5MP camera and not having a highend CPU/GPU package to play heavy graphic games. Those two factors probably aren't vital for the target consumers of this device.  You get about 5.5GB of free space for the internal storage out of the box, but just compliment it with a decent sized microSD card. It's the most well rounded budget smartphone I've used to date.

Good phone love it brought all acessories

This phone is great! The specs you get for the price is unbeatable! If you are looking to root and flash customs Roms, the moto g has a healthy developer community (i really recommend Cm11 on this bad boy, it fixes alot of the cons of the phone.)As for cons, the software that comes preinstalled on the phone does not take advantage of the specs of the phone. There is constant lag when running multiple apps. The camera is a simple 5mega pixel one that offers ok pictures, but lacks in detail and at times colors. Other wise great phone and i recommend this to anyone in the market for a new phone.

Moto G had very high rating and this is my first smart phone. Iv'e always had a pay as you go phone and good service with Motorola phones.

Best performance/price relationship ever found. Fast shipping.Quad Core + 1GB RAM make it extremelly fast and responsive, even with many simultaneous applications running in background.

best cellphone price-quality

I was looking for a phone with decent specs, but not too expensive. This one matched my requirements perfectly, but due to my past experiences with Motorola Mobility, I was reluctant to trust on the delivery of the promise.  I was pleasantly surprised.  My previous Motorola phones had problems with losing their connection to the SIM card, not once with this one in 6 months use.  I just received 2nd OS upgrade.  They made the phone dialer more attractive and fixed the problem where the screen turns off when you try to use the dialer while a phone conversation is in progress, as with answering phone tree for voice mail.

It's a nice phone overall. The camera is a bit so-so and it sucks that the memory is not expandable but its a good phone for my needs.

This phone is a great value for the money. I especially like the screen, it's so clear and easy to read, I've stopped using my tablet & now only carry the Motorola. It's fast, easy to use, and has lots of room for apps.

very happy after searching endlessly for the right phone.  fast, durable and sturdy, sleek, has everything you could want in a phone

I have no complaints. It's actually more phone than I need, coming from a basic texting phone. Price is very good.

Eversome phone for this price!2 days batery life is possible!Gorgeous display!Really noise speakerGood quality of connectionPS: I unlock bootloader and take root in 20 minets, add ukrainian language from 4pda!

I'm coming into this phone from a much-loved iPhone 3GS.  KitKat takes some getting used to, but this this snappy and doesn't come with the bloatware that is on other Android-based phones.  For the money, you can't go wrong with this one.

It's a great phone, have it for a week now and only had one issue with it once. While I was charging it, the screen became semi-responsive, which was very noticeable when scrolling. This only happened once, the 2nd time I charged it, it worked fine.Runs Android very smooth and for people who don't talk that much, the battery can last even longer than a day. Definitely worth the money.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono

Exactly what I was promised.

I finally wanted an upgrade from my outdated BB9700. Stumbled across the Moto G and was excited by all it offered, especially at the price.What can I say that hasn't been said already? It's a great phone and at the price it feels like a steal. I didn't expect the screen quality to be this amazing nor the build quality.I'm really satisfied with this phone and I'm glad I bought it.Edit:My one gripe is that this device can be susceptible to smudges on both the back and screen, which isn't noticeable once the screen is on. And also seems like it can easily slip out your hands, well maybe just mine, so put the Motorola dimple on the back to good use.

At this price nothing comes close. I now own two Moto G - Global GSM which have worked well for me in Europe / Denmark.I have also bought a Moto G via Boost Mobile which have been performing equivalently well for me in the US.The most impressive is probably the battery-life which far exceeds my expectations. I cannot recommend this product enough.

My Google Nexus 4 smashed (my second one) so I was in the market for a new phone. I'm on T-Mobile so I don't get a phone discount and wanted something cheap. I did my research and bought the Moto G. Compared to the Google Nexus 4:-Very similar screen quality. The Nexus 4 was slightly better, but the difference was almost imperceptible.-Camera quality was better! I was surprised because based on specs and what I've read on reviews, people complained about the picture quality, but I thought it was great!Just make sure you turn off the 16:9 option off on your camera.-speed was comparable. I used my old galaxy nexus for a few days until this came and couldn't take the slow speeds of switching apps, screens, calls, etc. the Moto G handles everything quickly and smoothly-Internet speed=OK. It doesn't seem to get the same HSPA+ speeds that I was getting on the Nexus, but it's fine for my needs. If you really need fast internet/do a lot of streaming video, this is not the phone for you. But if your internet needs are for email, regular web browsing, and streaming music, this should be totally fine.All in all-an incredible value and the best phone in its very low price range.

This phone is a bigger piece of crap than the one i flushed down the stool this morning.. I hope i can return it before i decide to beat it to death with a big hammer.

pretty nice phone. Its speed is awespme , it allows me to switch between apps very smoothly and really fast.

excelent phone cell, I buy this to my mom and she love him... great battery time, work whit all venezuela operators.

I've been a iPhone user for many years and refused to switch.  I needed a new phone and at the recommendation of a friend decided to buy it because it was on sale and didn't have to pay $500+.  This phone is absolutely superb exceeding my expectations and navigating is a breeze. It's official...I'm a Droid user and no longer deprived.

Device is in perfect condition! What I did not know, however, is that the Moto G does not include a charger (which is quite odd) but only an USB cable. If you're planning to get this phone, you'll also need to buy a charger for it.

Best

This phone is working great for my wife!  It has all the speed and apps she needs now.  We are finally able to make video calls to each other with google hangouts.  The 3g only phone works very well for us because we activated the phone with AIO wireless under their 3G data plan for $45 a month.  The cheap plan has excellent coverage since they use AT&T's network.

Excelent. It works fine with Claro Honduras. Very good looking. The bad thing is that it does not accept SD Memory and the battery is not removable (hope it last long).

I had a 4G Lte phone before. I can't really tell the difference. I work in the electronic technical field (Communications, Semiconductor).I am more than happy to join the Telecom REVOLUTION! against the hostage contracts being offered by the telecom companies.

Very suitable and usefull phone. Nice look and feel.  High speed. Good battery. Fresh operation system. Good price and quality.

This cell with that price is simply the best, is very fluid just turn it on is upgraded to Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat. This phone surprised me by its speed and ease, some people criticized the camera and must say that is more than enough, it is very good and simple interface, the screen quality is so amazing that images are colorfully. Do not hesitate to buy this phone because it is very good and cheap, it works perfect in Venezuela!

Very nice phone, My first time on a android. Easy to use and nice features. Slim line makes fit in your pocket nicely

I am so pleased with this phone. I am retiring my nexus 4 and needed a new device and chose Moto G LTE because of the water resistence because  my sweat when running shorted out the charging port on my Nexus twice. I live in Houston and the humidity is exttemely high. Anyway this phone is water repellant and so much more. Great battery, superb sound and lovely display. Many negatives on camera even with less mega pixels Moto G camera is as goob as Nexus 4. LTE speeds and a great ovetall build makes this the best value on the market today.

I used the phone the first 2 weeks without a plan, with just WiFi. Since 2 weeks I've combined it with a plan. The phone is great in both cases. It does all you would expect for its price and more.

Good value for money, I have yet to try it with an overseas sim card.

Loved the phone at first sight. It functions at my needs without the junkies apps like the other smartphone. will recommand this phone for anyone like a simply unlocked phone.

The sharpest 4.5&#34; HD display in its class, all-day battery, quad-core speed, Android 4.3 with guaranteed upgrade, and colorful backs to customize your phone. & You get all this and more for only $199. 16GB & $179 8GB

very fast strong, good price, Best choice, beautiful, thin, screen very strong and good, battery has a log life .

5 stars

good screen, great memory, excellent operating system, good weight, so other good phone, I loved it, I recommend keep my expectations

It's a awesome phone! Very fast, perfect size (not too small, not too big), lastest android, with internal 16 gb. Quality photo is OK. Video has a slow-motion wich it's very funny. Perfect to buy to people who have at least 200-300$. Nothing to envy to Samsung or another phone

Best device when you have to travel abroad. Simple and easy to use and very durable & the size fits just right in my hands.

The design is awesome ... it fits in the hand in a very adorable way.It is the best android device you could buy at this price.

Ok i needed a phone for college so soon as i heard motorola came out with some new phones i was like oh yea! so i order mine had came fast and was package nice i had texting,calling,..etc the phone is nice i love that you can change the back of the phone into colors and speak to it and google will search anything the camera is clear make sure you cut on your backup setting so you can switch over your pictures,videos also the battery life is good has a long time don`t run down that quick i just had to sign in my google plus account to get apps and use youtube the volume on the phone is loud can hear good enough not a issues with me weeks and months want on the phone was acting like a phone but now that i had it for 4 months it starting to act up and cut on and off for no reason when i charger the phone also lf the phone go to 0% forget about it it takes about 5-7 hours to cut back on that how long it took me cut my phone one time on i was mad you can`t put a memory card in the phone it had a build-in one but Overall: it a ok phone it was my first time having it but i will not buy this phone again :) my honest review

I've had this phone for about a month now, and so far it's been great. It's pretty responsive, and the screen is good for watching TV programs or games.One gripe is that the case gets nicked easily. A cheap cover is good enough, but my phone got a small nick even in the couple of weeks before I bought a cover.Of course, this isn't a high-end phone, and if you're expecting it to be on par with one, you'll be disappointed. But if you're looking for a low-end smartphone that performs well, this is the phone to beat.

The phone broke down within 3 weeks..

Excellent phone, love it.

I use it with Straight Talk. I popped in my sim card and it worked perfectly after adjusting the APN settings. 4.4 KitKat is fantastic. It is very quick and responsive. No bloatware. I thought a lack of SD card would be a problem, but I really don't miss it that much. Excellent phone for the price. Way better than my iPhone 4. Screen is very crisp and colors are great.Minor issues:The phone shuts off once in a while during charging overnight. It has something to do with the battery calibration but it isn't often.When using patterns to unlock, I frequently initiate the camera by accident. It is a small annoyance that can't be disabled without a 3rd party app.

I purchased 4 of these for my family and myself. I have to say that everyone, even my husband who is a smart phone nerd is very happy with them! It's a great phone overall, not just for the budget category they fall into. A great screen and incredible battery life! We've seen the side by side videos of the Moto G keeping up with and even out performing the Samsung S4 in basic app opening quickness and general fluidity. No, it does not have the same horsepower as the flagship phones out there, but it's a real triumph for Motorola and a win for consumers.

Usually you take that you pay. In this case you take somethink better.I hope Lenovo to continiu this good phoneGreat job Moto - Google.

It's a good phone for the price. Of course it's not as fast as nexus or galaxy but it's good enough to browse the web

Fast, responsive, bright display, smooth scrolling, big enough keyboard, good sound on calls. Only problem is flaky battery charging. Seems a bit random in the time needed to fully charge from empty to full.

This phone is a budget price with an almost premium feel thanks to Motorola`s software optimization, really snappy. I thought the 720p screen would be an issue but it look superb, best phone you can buy when you factor in the price

for 199$ is an excellent choice very good at all, for a non pro user is one of best choice.

Great phone! Everything you want plus everything you need. Great photos. Moto assist is great. And fast. You won't be disappointed.

I searched a lot of smartphones. But only Moto G fits my budget. Unfortunately it does'nt have memory card support. Please release this one in india...so many peoples are anxious to buy it including me.Please make it fast.

I have no idea how a phone of this quality is available, unlocked, for this price.  Screen is gorgeous, interface is very snappy, battery lasts all day, even under pretty heavy use.  Camera is the only feature that isn't STRONG, but both rear and front facing are decent and definitely passable for casual picture takers.  Seriously, buy this phone if you are even considering upgrading.  Very worth it.

Not satisfied with the phone, touch is not so responsive. Phone started showing yellow pixels on white background after 2 weeks of usage. Now I am out of country for some time and can't even get it repaired for two months or so. I had waited for 3 months already to buy this one.

When you have something that its really good, you want everyone to know it, so happends to me with this phone,i mean just for 200bucks i can handle all my task, games , applications that i need through the entire day.Pros:-Performance (quand core)-Battery (amazing, it charge in less than 1 hour, and have battery for the entire day)-Display ( 720p for 200bucks really?)-Pure Android, very clean interface maybe more clean than it should beCons:-Camara is just 5mp (but it is enough)-Not the best Style (just get a cover)-no memory card slotIf you can get a Nexus 5, Then GET THIS ONE!..

Very fast,  great size,  comfortable for one hand use. Bright screen and reasonable battery life.Camera is mediocre,  the best you can do for a 200 USD...

Vrey good hand feeling, but there is a pity about that it does not  support LTE network or else, I will buy one more~

I love this cell. Never have I had a cell that was less likely to drop a call . it has anything that you would want on a cell . it's my new best friend . best cell ever.

The battery is not charge good. Its very slowly. How can I do to better the baterry? How could you help me?

Can't be beat this phone for value. Nice screen, minimal &#34;bloatware&#34; (its pretty much a google nexus like experience). I wont buy another  locked phone again.

This phone is amazing.  It is fast, has an amazing battery life and screen, has an unlockable bootloader with plenty of android developement and an extremely low price tag for the phone you get.

It looks like Moto finally makes decent phones after being bought by Google.  It's an unobtrusively-app'd fully updated Android phone with all that entails.  Pretty great.

I am falling in love with this phone. Fast, beautiful, perfect. a big bargain I have to tell you. thanks,  motorola

Moto g is the best mid range smartphone ,is fast  and very responsive ! And the battery las all&iacute; da y.

Very good, excellent phone. Great features, fast, applications are first urthermore updates are very good. Easy to use, compatible with all phone lines in my country.

I have used an iPhone 4, Galaxy Nexus, iPhone 5S, and most recently a Note 2. So, I have spread my smartphone usage to a few different types of smartphones over the years. I decided to get the Moto G LTE version since it has a SDCard slot and has a phenomenal price tag. Motorola shipped this phone with Android 4.4.3 already on it. The latest version of Android, that came out just a couple weeks ago. Very impressive Motorola. I am glad to see that a company finally understands that consumers want the latest  version of Android, not something that is 1 or 2 years old. Motorola has also made some changes that allow apps written for Android 4.4.x to get moved to the SDCard. This resolves any issues I have with this phone only having 8GB of internal memory. I already have a 32GB microsd so I am all set.The build quality is impressive. The phone is comfortable to hold and feels very solid. It doesn't feel like a cheap plastic phone at all. The phone is snappy and the battery life is amazing. I play Ingress rather heavily so it is good to have a phone that can survive an outing and still have some juice left for other tasks.  Coming from a Note 2 with an impressive battery this is a huge relief. I am also happy to use a phone that I can use with one hand again. The Note 2 was simply too big for me, I don't have big hands. So, moving down to a 4.5 inch screen is a good change for me. The Moto G screen quality is superb. It is just as good if not better than the screen on my old iPhone 5S. So, no compromise there.Camera. This is the area I was most nervous about as most reviews really bashed this phones camera. The camera certainly isn't the `best' out there. But I actually find it to do a good job. I really don't have any issues with the camera quality.I bought the White version of this phone simply because the black version had a 5-6 week waiting period on it, and that was with a pre-order. So, I switched to White when I saw it was in-stock. I wasn't sure how I would feel about a White phone, but in a lot of ways it makes the phone feel more premium than the standard black phone.Update: I am sending back my Moto G 4G LTE (White). I am having an issue where the SDCard keeps getting dismounted. Rebooting the phone doesn't resolve it. But actually pulling the SDCard out and pushing it back in does fix it. The SDCard slot doesn't have any mechanism to hold the card in (so this could be a fundamental design flaw) I believe the card is moving just enough to dismount and needs to be pushed back in to be connected properly. I am hoping my replacement Moto G does not have this same issue. With the replacement I have opted to get a Black version. The White was not to my liking. The White front made the bezel seem too big. A black front will blend with the screen more and look better I believe.

This is my first smartphone and I love it. It has all the smartphone essential at a great price. If you're looking for fancy state of the art technology and features you won't find it here.Pros:LightSimpleGreat price and valueGreat for emails, internet browsing, calling, textingGreat battery lifeCons:Camera a little weak only 5MPBack cover a little troublesome to get off initiallyOnly 1GB of ramCurrently only 8GB harddrive available for LTE

I love love love love this phone. Sometimes it acts a little silly but it truly is a great phone for a great price. The camera is pretty awesome as well

I did not want the &#34;latest and best cutting edge&#34; gadget that would be obsolete three months after purchase--with the price to go with it.  What I did want was a phone with good reception, a decent camera, WiFi capable, and dependable Internet service.  I got that and more at a very, very good price.  It is just what I needed.

If you are looking for a quality phone on the cheap, you cant go wrong with the Moto G. For just 200$ you are getting a quad-core, well built phone, that can make sweat a high-range phone.PD: buy the 16Gb version cause the phone has no external storage.

I bought this phone for my mom and she is very satisfied with it (16 MB version).The only drawback is the lack of expandable memory, but then again you can't have everything for this price.

Only had the phone for a week and just rec'd kit kat upgrade. So far seems to be incredible value. Bought 3 and we love them.

I bought this phone after ditching my iPhone 4s that I had for 2.5 years. I recently found that no contract, prepaid plans are great if you do the right research, and this little phone is one of the cheapest unlocked phones you will find. I can do everything on the Moto G that I could do on my iPhone 4s. The battery is much better... with mixed usage I usually get 24-48 hours before I need to charge. The processor is pretty speedy and the screen is absolutely beautiful. The cons I have found is the camera is not the most spectacular and the phone does not have 4G LTE. Those are certainly two things you should consider with buying this phone. For me, the camera is not something that I use very often and if I do it's not for very important pictures. Also, I am on Wifi 95% of the time and my 4S did not have 4G LTE... so I don't even know &#34;what I'm missing.&#34; Speakers are pretty decent and I'm pleased when I hook this up to my auxiliary port in my car to stream Pandora. I'm not a &#34;power user&#34; as my games are really simple (Words with Friends, Matching with Friends, Candy Crush, etc). I don't stream Netflix. I personally find that silly and love my two Rokus for streaming. If I'm not at home, I don't need to be watching movies, but that's just me (as a full time nurse and part time student). I do use my phone to constantly keep up with work and personal emails, phone calls, Facebook, texting, and browsing. Unless you are a gamer, super streamer, or just need to meet the status quo, I believe that this phone would be fine for 90% of the population. However, you must do your research.Some other Android Perks:I love how the calendar app integrates with my Google Calendar (something I always wanted with the iPhone). Also, I can download and attach files in emails... I was either never able to figure out how to do that on the iPhone or you can't. Also, you can download your own apps to customize the phone to pretty much look however you want. Also, you can download a Do Not Disturb app that lets you customize different times for different days. I was never able to do that with iOS because you picked a time and it was set for every day. I work night shift 3 days per week, so my disturb hours vary depending on if I'm on a day or night schedule.Overall, I'm extremely happy with my choice and I will not be going back to iOS anytime soon.

Ordered from motorola.com initially and later ordered in Amazon to save $20 in taxes. Although both phones arrived (due to motorola's shipping confusions), refused motorola's order.Pros+ Amazed to see handling all tasks with just 1GB of RAM+ Upgraded to 4.4 two days back. so quick....!??+ good looking screen with vibrant colors and great resolution/PPI+ built-in FM radio+ Decent camera .. ofcourse dont expect DSLR quality :)+ Feels very good  in hand and does not feel very large...(I used Nexus 5 for 1 week and returned as its hard for me to use the  phone with just one hand)+ No contracts no credit check.. Swapped my sim card and updated APN.. .. Phone is up and running within 10-15mins (after upgrades)Cons- no SD card (known issue for most IPHONE and Nexus)- no 4G (but no issues for me... getting 5-6mbps in my area)- bit heavy (10grams heavier than Nexus 5Installed cleanmaster to reduce the RAM usage to under 400MB... its very nice app..

Just what I expected.Great phone for a great price. No need to speed money on Galaxy or Iphone. This will do the trick.

I Have 3 months with this celphone work great, very fast and the battery are awesome, i buy this for me, my mother and cousin both are happy with this motorola job. The screen is clear and beauty.

Bought it for my traveling phone, it comes unlocked. I just slipped in my internatonal sim card and it was good to go. Very user friendly , very easy to set up

Excelente telefono ,,....

The item was found to be as described on the site. Its really nice and very good quality & service. Am happy with the service. SUPERB!!!

The moto G is an exceptional phone because of the reasonably good specs vs the attractive price .It is one to consider for those who need a second phone.It has met up to my expectation; BUT it will be better if it comes in dual SIM model.Thank you

I like google, and I really like this phone.  I've never been a fancy phone or expensive toy person, but I like good, quality, functioning things, and this phone has really turned my views on modern touch-screen interfaces around.  Having used Palm Pilots and Palm OS devices for the past ten years, I finally decided to go a bit more modern and get an android phone.  I miss using a smaller, more precise stylus, and I think this fingerpoking interface is too flubbery for efficient use, but I'm learning to use the device more and more every day, and I think that with a little bit of time and learning, this will be the next perfect phone for me and (hopefully) will last me six years as my two previous phones each did.

The phone is really fast, it allows Android Kitkat upgrade and works perfectly. It's been 3 weeks since I've been using it, intalled pretty heavy applications and still never crashed.The only negative thing to mention is that battery doesn't last much and you need to charge the phone during the day as well if you have a few android applications running behind.

Another great achievement by Motorola & Google. This phone is recommended for the people who doesn't search for high-end powered devices, because this phone doesn't have that much power but proves to be a reckoning force in the mid-end market. For my utilities, this phone is a ring to the finger, because the power, battery, flexibility and usability is really good for what comes with the package. Notice some lag in GPU/CPU intensive user applications, so keep and eye on that.One note for new users if their phone didn't came with Android KitKat (4.4)If at the time of buying this device your phone comes with Jellybean (4.3), you will experience some issues both in Mobile & Wi-Fi network, because it will drop the connection constantly. The solution to that is that every time you connect, focus in downloading the software update and upgrade the system to KitKat (4.4) and problem solved.

It's an excellent phone for a low cost price, people should try it, I could compare this phone with the nexus 5 but in a short version

It has everything i need from smartphone, but for exclusively low price.I have bought second one for my wife the same day i got first one delivered.She forcibly took it to herself and made me order Lemon flip-case for her &#34;new treasure&#34; -=))

I bought this phone for my daughter this holiday season.  She had an iPhone. Was not sure she was going to like the Android operating system.  So far, she has been very happy with this phone.  She is rough on her things and this has help up very nicely. Also, having it unlocked and allowing us to swithch from AT&T to T-Mobile was very convenient.  She actually is trying to take care of this very nice phone.  That says a lot about it.

I have had this phone for about a week.  So far no issues at all.  I am using it on the AT&T; Value plan.  Absolutely no issues with using this US GSM unlocked phone on the AT&T; network.The new version of Android is great.  Transferring the photos, contacts etc was a breeze.  Only hassle is downloading and reinstalling the apps (which one has to do with any Smartphone).Battery charge is good.  Overall, I am very satisfied with the Moto G.  Plan to buy several more for the rest of the family.

Best NO CONTRACT UNLOCKED Android phone you can get at this pice point. I liked it so much I bought another one for my wife and till this day she thanks me everyday for getting her that phone. Super fast considering it's on the low end of the Snapdragon procesors, literally all day battery life, camera is decent and quite possibly the fastest I've ever seen on and Android device. Motorola did an excellent job with this phone, I can only imagine how well its flagship phone the Moto X handles. If you're on a budget than this is the phone for you.

This is undoubtedly the best phone I've had, I used to have a Motorola Atrix but the battery does not work very well unlike this one, and here in Venezuela works perfectly. I recommend it. The OS works amazing, the battery life, the screen and even the camera (even though it's only 5mpx) and the apps run great.

App crashed often.  Good thing is that all apps can be installed without limitation even those not from Google Play.

I needed a phone for my 14 years old kid, one that could provide good features of a smartphone and will not be too costly in case of damaged or lost (which happen more frequently with the kids). Moto G indeed delivered all of it

Perfect, great cam -- used at my brother's wedding and posted the pics and videos that sameday on FB --, great speed -- runs applications as smoothly as I would expect (as well as new 3D games -- OpenGL 3.0) and so far the space limitation has not bother me at all. Can run high definition videos and the screen is pretty resistant (Gorilla Glass 3.0). The best smartphone I have ever bought.

About 6 months ago my spouse smashed the screen to her Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. She still had another year to upgrade and needed a new phone. I searched high and low for a used phone or another off contract phone. I was having little to no luck. most were either too expensive for what she wanted or so lousy it would be a huge step down in terms of quality an dependability. She had decided to just just get a used phone and take the leap that it wouldn't be in bad shape...that is until the moto G was announced. I was very excited to see it release but disappointed to see it would only be outside of the US at first. Fast froward a few weeks and it was released stateside. Here were a few of the quick selling points for her ( a non smartphone  aficionado). This was a X-mas purchase so these are all her points after she had the device:- HD screen - 720P and great viewing angles for a device at this price point. It's not mind-blowing but at 4.5 inches its a impressive pixel density and very well done. As a side note you might want to up text size as at this pixel density text mighth be smaller than you might be used to coming from a non HD device.- The size, shape and feel of it - It's about a midrange size. Not very thin but not too thick either, it has a good feel in your hand of some heft and feeling well put together. The buttons feel good and the back is a rubberized material that feels good in the hand.- Vanilla android - She came from the Samsung Touchwiz overlay on top of android and swore she would never like plain android. The plain android really surprised her with its simple elegant design and lack of ugly over the top icons or colors or just plain clunkiness.- The Android 4.4.2 update - Basically just turn your phone on you bought from Amazon and the the newest update is all ready to download. Simply do like you would an iOS update and let it update over wifi or mobile if you desire. 4.4 is a vast improvement over 4.3 in terms of smooth functioning and new features- Simple camera interface - You can tap the screen, focus and take a picture and the options are small. Many will like this. if not download one of many different apps.- It's very snappy - Her words. Basically if she wants to do her usual social networking, reading news, or playing a game...its fast and doesn't make you want to pull your hair out. apps open and close in a snap.Here are a few things you should know:1. You just have to update to 4.4.2...its simple, clean, fast, and has many new added features2. There is no NFC for you people out there who want it for paypass, but that's a small sample size. To make up for that and to share pics and videos, just use superbeam from the playstore. It works perfectly.3. You can easily migrate your stuff from your old phone by using the Motorola migrate app. It's fast, easy, and complete. (except music but I prefer to do it separately anyway.4. The camera is very middle of the road but is easy to use and more than great for pictures posted to social networking.5. FM radio is on here and works great. A feature most carrier phones disable.6. There is no LTE but H+ is still more than adequate for what  95% of people need.7. Don't use chrome browser as an indication of the speed of the phone. Firefox and Dolphin are much better and don't lag like Chrome is notorious for.8. There is no external SD card option but you can use a an OTG USB adapter to load content.9. Tethering options are all enabled.10. Miracast options are there as well.To sum it, its a great phone for a great price and you will be amazed how quickly stock android will grow on you.

Everything is great but battery life is a little bit short.Considering its price, highly recommend.Everything is great but battery life is a little bit short.Considering its price, highly recommend.

Great phone at a great price.

that crap product on the packaging of the phone not the charger I came to the store to buy the charger porqueno euipo deceit he brought that now I wonder who stole it

This is a great smartphone for my teenagers. The only issue is the camera is not that great, but it's a nice device for the price and it looks sleek and stylish.

Excellent phone, very fast, comfortable phone, both houses are spectacular, recommended, do not repent.The cons are unique: no headset or brought full charger, usb cable only.For the rest, great phone.

Absolutely met my expectations of what a quality budget phone could and should accomplish. Can run all popular game apps, charges quickly, fast, smooth, no bloatware. If you're reading this and are wondering if you should just buy it, just do it! you'll not be upset!

I have had this phone for about 7 weeks and love it. It is fast and works perfectly. I had a Samsung galaxy which was freezing all the time. My wife got one too.

Great product, highly recommended, decent battery life. if there is 4G/LTE it will be a major product. Battery cases should also be made cheaper and more accessible to purchase on amazon. (slight pity)

For the money i have paid it is a very good phone. Strong and good quick and good weight. Good materials

good afternoon, I have a problem I dropped my phone and the screen glass I'm interested in knowing how you would do for sutituirlo if you can provide me and how much is worth $ estillo, I really like my phone and did not want to lose it. the screen is intact but the glass estillo. can you help?

Considering this is just a $199 mobile phone, the performance of the phone is great, it is responsive to every touch, it does not lag given it only has 1GB of RAM, and the screen is brilliant.Except with the absence of LTE which is not very possible on budget devices, the downside of the phone is the quality of camera. I expected slightly more than what it can offer, the quality of the camera is quite disappointing when compared relatively to what the phone can offer at other areas like price, performance, screen and battery life.

Really impressive phone, no cons so far, it comes with 50Gb of Google Drive for free for 2 years.Best phone i have had

I got my phone exactly on the new years eve.I would say it's the best phone for that price.The screen, and other H/W specs are very good.Only slight problem I felt is that the touch screen is not as sensitive as I expected.Many times the touch is not registered well.But anyway I am going to continue using it.

Perfect phone

I upgraded from a non-os Samsung phone to this awesome device. I should be really greatful, shouldn't l? Affordable price with great specifications. I love it!

The cell phone is great for the price I would totally recommend, the only thing was that swindled me since the phone came with no charger, now I have to buy one

I purchased this phone as a replacement to the Samsung Galaxy S3 I had that died a horrible death; details not needed...!  I wasn't willing to put out the $400 for a replacement Galaxy, even though I loved it.Compared to the GS3, for the price, this phone is a stunning replacement!  It's a little heavier, sure, but I'm perfectly fine with that.  I have experienced no problems with it whatsoever, having had it in hand since the Dec. 18th.  Everything seems to run smoothly, with no hiccups through T-Mobile's service.  I have dropped down from 4G speed to 3G, but this is entirely so minor as not to be a complaint whatsoever.  I do not experience lags over the network at home which is where use is heaviest.Phone calls are clear.  If you toggle the volume up, prepare for a loud ringer...There is a tiny gap between &#34;soft&#34; and &#34;loud&#34; on this phone.  This is also good for me, however, and the alarm apps I have, as I can sleep through most alarms and phone calls.  I do not have any problems with loose buttons on my model, either, which I had prepared for.The back of the phone is less irritating to deal with than the Galaxy's - it's not thin and I don't feel as if it will break when I remove the back of the phone.  Once you get the hang of removing the back, which you honestly shouldn't have to do often, it's not that agonizing of an experience, plus the phone comes with instructions on how to remove the back if you are fearful of breaking it.Cameras are important to me in a phone.  With static images I have not noticed any drop in performance over the Galaxy.  However, with some movement quality drops, but I am still learning how to use it and generally have an easy time mastering camera phones despite their limitations.  I haven't played with it as much as I intend to yet, so I can't really comment on how well the camera will treat me when I've learned it.The screen is clear, bright, and stunning, and I have no complaints there either.  It may be smaller than the Galaxy's, but again, as someone who uses the phone primarily for social media and to communicate for other projects when I am out and about, as well as keep schedules and tasks in order it does not bother me whatsoever to lose .5cm of the screen.The device does everything I ask it to do without hitch, therefore I granted it a 5-star rating.  For the price, it's a great device and I do not see much loss between it versus the SG3, of which mine was always a factory set and not a rooted device.

Excellent phone, the best phone in his level and cost benefit relation. Good size good performance good software, nice photos

I bought this phone for my last trip to Asia and it's working great!!  Still is actually (I gave it to a non-profit at the end of my trip)  Well built, fast enough for everyday use and the battery life on it rocks!! I never had a problem with it, insert micro sim card and it just works!!

The unit is great but come without power charger and headset! It's a Absurd. The headset could be optional but who buys a phone without power charger??The packaging is also very fragile. Lucky arrive without problems.

The phone is fast, I can play and it never overheat. The camera is good too. The battery lasts all day, sometimes more.

First off, I would like to say that this device has some shortcomings, but I'm not going to list them as cons because this should be expected due to the very low price of $200 off contract for a smartphone. To put in perspective, there are still flip phones on the market that cost more than this device. The camera isn't as good as most of the other smartphone cameras and it doesn't record 1080p video. The other shortcoming is that it doesn't have LTE. Other than those two things, this phone is absolutely capable. It's snappy, good looking, has some heft to it, the screen is gorgeous, and the battery life of the device is really good. I can get through an entire work day and still have 50 percent battery left. It is running the latest version of Android and it runs smoothly. No complaints at all. For the price, it's the best in the business.

I am not a expert on cell phones! But for the past year my go to phone is a Galaxy Note 2! This little cell phone does everything  (almost) that my $600 phone can do!  Get it!  You will not be sorry!! It is a low cost, high end smart phone!  The best of the best in this price range!  GO to youtube and see for yourself!  You will love it!

I waited for few weeks till I decided to go for Moto G as I was undecided between Moto G/X,and Nexus 5. I read as many review as possible and finally decided to give Moto G a shot considering it is the cheapest among the three I have in my mind. My biggest worry about Moto G was that it comes with 3G where as the other two are 4G. My justification to go for Moto G (US GSM, 16GB) was that I do not use internet in my phone that much (mostly navigation, weather, reading, audio streaming, occasional Youtube and absolutely no game). To my surprise, 3G proved to be perfect for my need. Nevertheless, I checked the 3G speed (Queens, NY/ T-Mobile network) and I got download speed between 8-11 Mbps.Pros:1. Good call quality.2. Outstanding battery life. With wi-fi turned on for 50% of the time, and some average use (lots of software download/update, an hour of phone conversation), the battery lasted around 40 hrs.3. Free update to Kitkat is just awesome.Cons:1. No expandable memory (I find it hard to understand why a phone cannot have expandable memory).2. Several interface related aspects (Call, Contacts etc). A matter of personal taste, I presume.I would recommend this product to anyone.

Good phone. Does what it suppose to do.

Great product at a great price.I love this cell phone and recommend to every one!!!

Exelent

I have ZERO regrets buying this phone. I absolutely love it. It is capable of doing thins that will let you amazed, specially if you compare it with others phone in this price range. Also, it works with every VENEZUELAN carrier.

I realized that my original post didn't include anything about actual phone use. Call quality is amazing!  I have used many cell phones with the same prepaid service and none can measure up to it. Calls are crystal clear, and loud enough for people who are slightly hard of hearing (like me) to hear. Absolutely no static or noise on calls. After 4 months of use, I still stand by my original post.By far the best deal you can get for a phone that's not part of a 2-year contract! The price is amazing and the phone, well what can I say? You would think that it would feel cheap or something. It's got Android 4.3 Jelly Bean when you purchase it. As soon as you turn it on, it updates to Android 4.4 KitKat. It has the stock Android OS and none of the extra garbage that comes with a carrier phone. The speed is super FAST! No sluggishness, no crashing due to lack of memory.  The battery is nonremovable. Not sure what I'd do if the phone got "stuck" on something, but that hasn't happened yet. I recommend getting the 16GB version for $20 more because there is no SD card slot. Out of the 16GB, you get about 12GB that's usable. It has Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and it can be turned into a mobile hotspot. The camera isn't that bad. It is a 5 megapixel and this is a phone after all. If you want vacation photos, take them with a real camera. Battery life is pretty amazing. If I'm playing a game on it all day, it will last about a day. If I do typical surfing, checking email, etc. it will last about 3 days. I can't find any negatives with this phone. I use it with a prepaid plan. Oh, make sure you have a MICRO SIM card. I didn't realize until after I purchased that I had the wrong size sim card.

Battery really last long time.Screen is really sharp, responding is fast. Glad I didn't go for Moto E, well worth the extra money for the better resolution.

No complaints whatsoever. Solid build, fast with long battery life, lovely LCD display, great price... The best smartphone out there for the $$$!

The phone looks very sleek and so far has worked perfectly well for me. I decided to switch to Straighttalk and was originally going to buy the Motorola Moto X, but decided to risk it and take the cheaper alternative. I'm glad I did! I was surprised that it still looks like and seems to run on similar levels as the more expensive smartphones out there. It definitely doesn't give the &#34;cheap&#34; vibe. It was delivered quickly and efficiently with no problems, and the phone was better than expected. A++, would buy again!

I really loved this Moto G I bought less than a month ago, a really fully functional mobile office for me.Just one problem, yesterday after less than a month since i got it the screen display started to flicker and after less than 24 hours it's almost impossible to see anything on the screen.Began the long process of sending to repair, hope it will end soon and well.It's a good product, but once something goes wrong trust in the brand and product really is a problem.Maybe it's just me.

Bought this for my girlfriend (Christmas present) she couldn't wait to open it. The battery life is superb, the sound is great, the screen is bright with excellent contrast, and the phone is on the smaller side. Which is perfect for her tiny hands, this phone has good girth so you know you have a phone of quality. I was one of the luck ones to receive this before others that purchased it from the Motorola website. So far its a good phone and only time will tell if it stays like that! Go buy it now, you can't get anything better for the price range that it's in now.

I give the Moto G a well-deserved 5 out of 5 stars. It's a fantastic little budget smartphone with enough power and responsiveness in it to compete with the $400 to $500 beasts out there, for most users. Apart from the respectable hardware, the software side of things definitely pulls its weight. Android KitKat is far less clunky and buggy than previous iterations, and it really shows. Everything from the UI to overall performance just feels smooth and intuitive. It's something you have to experience for yourself to really understand. Overall, if you're thinking of ditching an iOS device in favor of an Android device, you won't be disappointed!

oh! i use it very well,i love it very much,thanks CCTV , channel  V,  MTV  and  my parents and friends.

I'm writing this review as a public service for people who want to take advantage of "bring your own phone" deals recently offered by some mobile phone carriers, such as MetroPCS and T-Mobile. I bought this phone because "bring your own phone" programs, appeal to me. I like the idea of owning my own device, and I don't like multi-year mobile phone service contracts.One often hears, "My iPhone only cost me $4.99." Not! When you sign a two or three year contract, the mobile phone carrier is financing the cost of the device for you, and making a big profit on the interest. That's a deal for suckers.A huge problem with expensive phones -- If you lose and break them and you still have a long contract, you have to buy another one at full retail price. With some phones, that can cost you over $500. This phone is cheap enough that you can afford to replace it if it's lost or broken.The phone seems to work great. I suppose more expensive mobile phones are "better" in some theoretical way, but this phone probably does everything you will ever need, just as well as any other Android phone, maybe better.When this phone arrived in the mail, I took it to a MetroPCS store, said, "I want the bring-your-own-phone deal." The sales people looked puzzled, then hostile. They had never heard of it, and seems to think I was some kind of a con artist. They reluctantly sold me a SIM card, then told me the phone was locked and could not be used on their network. I explained I had bought the unlocked phone on Amazon, and went so far as to show them their company's own bring-your-own-phone promotions on the internet. They didn't believe the phone was unlocked, and gave me misleading information about unlocked phones. I could tell they were just guessing, and were technically ignorant.Same thing happened at another MetroPCS store. I could tell they were ignorant, too. I found a MetroPCS cart at the mall, a contract vendor. The technician there seemed a little more knowledgeable. He scoffed at the suggestion that the phone was locked, but then he ran into a password. He didn't know what to do. He seemed to suspect I had stolen the phone, because I didn't know the password. I was tired and frustrated. I had wasted hours by then.On the way out of the mall, I passed a T-Mobile store, where I found knowledgeable and courteous sales staff. I gradually learned that MetroPCS has traditionally ruled the pre-paid phone market. When Tony Soprano used cheap, disposable cell phones to evade FBI surveillance, there's a good chance he was using MetroPCS phones. When young, poorly educated people with minimal incomes get a smart phone, it's probably a MetroPCS phone. Their sales staff is accustomed to this kind of customer. T-Mobile seems a bit more upscale.I wasn't happy about paying $50 per month to T-Mobile instead of $40 per month to MetroPCS. However, I learned that MetroPCS charges an extra $5 per month for the privilege of setting up your phone as a mobile WiFi hot spot. With T-Mobile, there is no charge for that. I need that and so will a lot of other buyers. So they are really only $5 apart.The knowledgeable staff at the T-Mobile store told me that "unlocked" means two completely different things:1-An "unlocked" phone can be used on any compatible mobile phone network.2-A phone is "locked" if someone has set it up with a password.Apparently the clueless sales people I had talked to at MetroPCS didn't know the difference.This phone can indeed be used on any compatible mobile network (any U.S. GSM network). However, it had been password protected, I'm not sure when or why. Possibly a previous MetroPCS technician did it, maybe by accident, or maybe it shipped that way.I learned that a "hard reset" would easily remove the password, and that was soon done. The rest seemed like a miracle. I walked away from the T-Mobile store ten minutes later with a working smart phone. No money had changed hands, they didn't ask for my credit card, not even my address, and I didn't sign a contract. They gave me the first month for free.I want to warn you about one other gotcha. Everywhere you go, you see billboard and magazine ads: "Unlimited Text, Voice and Data. $40 per month. Period." These are usually MetroPCS ads, though I think T-Mobile has a similar program. These are basically bait-and-switch offers. The "Unlimited data" is actually limited to 1 GB per month. You can get more data per month, but you've gotta pay for it, and it might not be cheap. Different carriers charge different amounts for data above the 1 GB allotment. On a pre-paid plan, you've got to pay for it in advance, and the unused allotment doesn't carry over to the next month, as far as I know. (Ask about this.)If you're careful to get your data by WiFi whenever possible you can probably keep your data use down to 1 GB per month, depending on what you use the phone for. This works best if you have WiFi available at home, office, and other places you often go. Learn how to use your phone settings. Settings: Data Usage: Mobile Data: Turn it "off" unless you really need it when you're away from WiFi.

It was a gift for my mom, she loved it; the screen, the size, the OS, the camera, in general, everything. It is a  really good phone for basic/medium Android user looking for a good price/utility relationship in a new phone.

receiving sending me I could tell that the phone box was not sealed, had been raped and was missing the charger and audofonos. I did in buying these accessories were included ..I hope its more prompt reply to solve this problemcarefully: edwar molina

So my Samsung Galaxy S3 died on me on Wednesday. The warranty is over (1 year IIRC, even if it's not I'm sure I voided it because I couldn't put up with TouchWiz and rooted and put CyanogenMod on it). So I really needed a phone, bought this on Amazon, had amazon prime so I ordered it with one-day shipping for only $3.99 extra (one-day shipping: arrive on Friday, two-day: arrive on Monday). It arrived as expected, and it's been great so far.For just $179.99 the value is just unreal. Here's a quick rundownPros:-High quality 4.5 inch 1280x720 screen-Quad core processor-Stock android 4.42-No bloatware-Ergonomic design (soft touch back plate, rounded to fit contour of hand)-Just $179.99-Good battery lifeCons:-No LTE (3G and HSPA+ though)-5MP back camera-No removable battery or microSD card slotThe cons are completely understandable for a phone that is just $179.99.This was supposed to be a stop-gap until my upgrade cycle comes around (Mid-August), I figured I'd sell it on ebay for $100+ to recoup some of my losses. However since it's so good I'm considering getting a new phone on my upgrade cycle, and selling that one brand spanking new on ebay for a $400+ profit (generally the $199 upgrades sell for $600+) . This phone is seriously that good. I don't need a bigger screen, or higher pixel density (329ppi already!). The only thing really lacking is the camera and 4G usability.At the moment it's inconvenient to break the upgrade cycle (group/family plan is more economical). However, this thing is a killer deal. I recommend this 100%.More detailed review for more smartphone aficionados:Screen:It's not the greatest screen, but it's outstanding for the price point. It's actually better than the Galaxy S3 screen in my opinion. It's a bit smaller in comparison, but I'm fine with a 4.5 inch screen vs. 4.8 inch. The main difference is LCD vs. AMOLED. The Galaxy S3 uses an AMOLED screen with the Pentile pattern (basically, the whites can look pretty crappy if you examine them). The max brightness on the GS3 is disappointing (bad outdoor performance), but the contrast ratio is great and the minimum brightness is better (good indoor performance). In contrast the Moto G screen has great maximum brightness with okay minimum brightness. I take that tradeoff anyday. Not to mention conventional pixel arrangement &#62;&#62; pentile.User Interface/Skin:So I'm not a big fan of Touchwiz. It looks crappy, it's overburdened with features I don't use. I am biased against Touchwiz, but I feel like most people already prefer close-to-stock android to touchwiz ever since Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). To have the phone already on stock android (and the latest version, 4.42, to boot!) is incredibly useful. Having to root and install custom OS's on my GS3 was both inconvenient in their lack of stability (early on versions) and in their toll on my battery life. There are some features of cyanogenmod/AOKP that I miss, i.e. more customization. However I am fine with stock android and probably won't bother rooting. The modest increase in usability doesn't outweigh the potential bricking and messing with stability/battery life for me. Also if I do decide to sell this phone on ebay when I get to my upgrade cycle, I think it would be better to leave it unrooted.Battery life:The battery life is 2-2.5 days with moderate usage from my observations. It's great for now, much better than my GS3 was, but then again the GS3 battery life was significantly shortened after rooting and modding, so I can't say that's a fair comparison.Camera:Haven't used much yet, but it definitely isn't as high quality as the GS3 or any other top-end phone. Once again, with a $179.99 price point, this is expected. If you want a premium camera buy a premium phone.TL;DR: Excellent phone, excellent price.

Simply, this is the best phone in the upper mid range.Pros:Screen that rivals flagships. Very high PPI.Very little bloatware. No laggy manufacture UI.Good body build. Screen is also very scratch resistant.Cons:Camera is average.Very heavy.Can't drain battery unless you have a good wall charger.

Good build quality, high performance, good screen, good battery life, good loudness and quality of sound and very low price!

I got this phone and had to return it the same day as the screen randomly kept unresponsive.It seemed a nice phone but I had a bad experience.

responsive and well packaged, it's usable and a good candidate for step-up from an older android phone...  It will not win flagship honors or inspire much lust, but it's good value.

Great phone! Good battery life depending on what you are doing. Easy to use.Great resolution for the screan size. Overall a great buy.

My phone of choice has been a Blackberry Curve for the last 3 years. It's literally falling apart and my T-Mobile contract is almost up so I figured it was time to move into the present day and change phones and companies. I purchased a locked version of this phone through Republic Wireless (they require a proprietary Moto-X or Moto-G which can only be used on their system). I am a VERY happy camper. The current version comes with KitKat (Android version 4.4) which is what I am using right now. With built-in FM radio and GPS, there's a lot of off-line utility with the Moto-G. Even without a cell connection, or wi-fi in the case of Republic, I can still listen to NPR, play some games, and even (with a little foresight) use this for navigation.I've been using Android based tablets for several years now, so for starters I found using the same interface was trivial. I particularly like the physical size of the Moto-G which seems to be hitting a sweet spot. It nestles nicely into my average sized hands, and fits fairly easily into my front jeans pocket (yes, I can tell it's there, but it doesn't stick out).Google owns the manufacturer of this phone, Motorola. It's obvious that Google/Motorola work tightly together. Setting this up with my Google account pretty much was all I had to do. All of my Google contacts were immediately imported into the phone. Very cool. All other Google products work very well on the Moto-G also. The Google Maps app has the ability to import a map for offline use. I tested the offline maps with the built-in GPS and had a very nice, albeit rudimentary, car-based GPS unit. Did I say that was with no wifi or cell connection?The screen is super bright and I've had no issues seeing this except in the total brightest sunlight (and I can still use it - just don't start watching a baseball game at high noon on the beach). One of the features I love is the built in FM radio but you have to attach headphones for an antenna.The only two external controls are the power switch (top right edge small button) and volume up/down button (larger button just below power switch). Simplicity.Oh, just try one out. When I checked things out I figured the Moto-G was good enough for me and a lot cheaper than the Moto-X. So far, no complaints.

This is a great value. No lag at all. Bright clear screen. Painless to set up 32gb SD card to store photos and music by default. Even some apps will transfer to SD card. With the 32gb SD card I installed. 8gb is plenty of room for all the apps I use though I am not a big gamer. Best phone I have used in a while...including my iPhone 5. But, of course, this is a matter of personal preference.

This phone is amazing, I like its functionality and performance, was a gift for my mom and she loved it, recommend it 100% to amazon community

Good smartphone with slim feature. I liked it's UI appearance and feature is really good. One of the must have smart phone.

Very fast. Cheap. Great screen. Stock AndroidGreat value for the money.Cons: cannot add an external SD card.Battey cannot be replaced

Simply sooo much more than what you pay for!!It is a great cellphone, but, if you think you are a photographer dont go for it.

Hello Good evening on this product to get me today my country Venezuela, to revise me realizes that the back cover of the phone is broken and closed or does not properly seal the phone in the back, I wanted to know how to do to claim or as in this case since I am not satisfied with the product thanks.

I just changed to the Moto G from a Lucid 2 and so far it's about as comparable as going from a luxury sedan on a freeway to a cardboard box with square tires on a dead end. Countless fruitless calls to a call center and I cannot text contacts from this phone.  We've contacted the carrier, Motorola, we've taken it to RadioShack to ask the kind souls there for help and so far no one has been able to get text set up to look or work anywhere near any other "smart"phone.  Despite having data disabled it eats data voraciously.  Frustrating pain in the caboose to navigate.  Hate, hate, hate this phone.  It might be ok for someone who likes to tinker around with something for hours, trying to figure out how it works.  I have no interest in how something works, I just want it to work and be able to navigate through learning a new device fluidly.  I like appealing graphics, in addition to being useless, this phone is very colorlessly dull on graphics. Only a couple of texts (from the carrier only) have gone through and the fields are a plain white background with very small pale gray type. Very hard to read much less discern the back and forth of texting, it comes out in small tight lines rather than staggered "word bubbles".  This is the only phone I have ever seen like this. Contacts are the same way and there is no contacts option on the screen, editing contacts is blinding with the same faint gray on white.  We've gone though all the settings, tried apps and widgets and nothing helps.  It was so much nicer to be able to simply tap and scroll, edit, attach, download, enable or disable features and CONTACT people through a call or a text.  In case I didn't mention it, I hate the Moto G.  I recommend passing on this purchase and looking at a better quality, or at least reasonably usable phone.  The Moto G is horrible, barely comparable to a walkie talkie.

Bought to use with StraightTalk, ATT network.  Setup was a breeze and everything works well.  Haven't had any problems with the phone, though I did temporarily lose some funtionality after the latest KitKat update.  But still overall very happy with this phone.  Not sure I'll be upgrading to the LTE model, as I find ATT 3G to be plenty fast for my limited use.  Would like more storage for music, but the limited built-in 8GB keeps me from overstuffing it with music I won't listen to often.

I'm using it in South America, and it works like a charm. Easy to use, light and cheap. For the price, there is really nothing to complain about.In comparison to the Samsung Duo that I also bought to use abroad, which was roughly 20 dollars cheaper than this, this far exceeds its competitors.

it's don't support Arabic language in system language of the device ! it's just support writing , whyyyyyy Motorola plz

Excellent it is a very good cell phone . .....I got it in just 3 days . Thanks a lot

I have read reviews, most positive, but a few doubters - now it's my turn. For years I had an economical little flip phone. I could make & receive calls and do the same with texts. I had a simple plan through (no contract) Consumer Cellular for myself & my son for $57 a month for both phones. That was sweet, but I got the bug for more and something that wasn't clam shelled. I wanted a good camera; help with directions; be able to search for products when not at home; be able to send faster texts (you can speak to the phone instead of type) and a phone that would work in my 2013 car that wouldn't require me to turn off the car & phone in order to disconnect. Yup, otherwise it just kept redialing. A $150 - $200 a month service agreement with a well advertised provider was out of the question, as was the outright purchase of a $400-$700 unlocked cell phone that could do everything except paint the kitchen for me. What's a gal to do. Well, after searching, shopping and daydreaming online for 6 months, this gal got really, really lucky at the exact right moment - thanks to Motorola's Moto G. For just $179 I pre-ordered one from amazon and now that I have it, I pay a little extra for a minimal amount of data and have learned the wonderful advantages of WiFi in keeping my costs under control. I stayed with Consumer Cellular (getting a free sim card from them); love the convience of my Moto G and my monthly bill shot up to a rousing $60 a month for two phones. I don't need to hear about the things this phone doesn't have or can't do, because what it 'can' do it is give me everyting I need. I just ordered my son(who thinks this phone is awsome) a Moto G and it won't change our cellular bill one penny while increasing our services by over double. Now, to be fair, I'll point out that neither of us use our phone for business, so we don't need a plan with every trick in the book, but I haven't found a trick yet that my Moto G won't do. It's a good phone at a great price and it makes me happy. What more can you ask? Thank you Motorola.

Ordered two of these devices. The first thing noticed was that the camera is much worse than many sub $250 ( galaxy s2x for example ) 2 year old phones. Specially in indoor situations.So this camera may not be for you if you intend on using this camera to record all your 'home moments' such as a new mom would want to do. Pictures are very pixelated and edges are visible in most cases. I'm not sure if the original Moto G had the same camera sensor, or the 4G LTE variation got a demoted sensor -- but for the price, the picture quality could definitely be better. May even be fixable with a software update. Older 3M sensors on samsung phones produced better images in some cases.We also noticed that MicroSD card reader would detect a 'good' sdcard and say it was blank and ask it to be formatted. The same card works fine on the other phone of the exact same type, as well as various other android devices with no issues. Verify this before your warranty/exchange period is over since that's one of the selling points of the new model.Pros: Fast, bright display. Nice size. Not too heavy. Motorola's support is good. Battery life so far so good.Cons: Camera sucks, MicroSD card reader may fail -- check with a pre-formatted card to see if it reads it before assuming all is well.

I am very happy with this phone in general. Firstly, let's get the bad out of the way. The quad core processor DOES in fact lag through menus, and it is definitely noticeable running the newest version of Android. The price is certainly indicitave of this, and I wasn't expecting the world from a 200 dollar unlocked phone, however, I wish I could launch Google Play Music without 20 second delays, and the program force closing itself. Now, for the good. This phone is very aesthetically pleasing, and is a beauty to hold, especially for the price. It looks and feels like the Moto X, a much higher end phone. For the price, you will get a premium android experience. The two stand out features are:1. The camera shutter speed:insanely fast with shortcuts from the lock screen. If you want a phone that can snap an average pic very quickly, trust me, you'll be happy.2. The screen. Oh my, this screen is INSANELY SHARP. For the price I expected perhaps 180 dpi, not over 300. We are talking sharper-than-retina-display pixel density. No joke, icons are sharp, text is beautiful, and even in high sunlight, the vividity and tone of the display are very impressive.Conclusion: While the speed lags behind today's high end smartphones, for 200.00 USD, this is a premium experience in a durable, sleek and modern cell phone. Camera is good and the screen is amazing. I suggest renting an HD show from Google Play to test it. You won't be disappointed, and like me, will be very happy with your new phone. I would only skip this if the processor speed is truly a problem for you. Thank you for reading my review and good luck!

I use the phone all the time, and it works great. I can recommend it to everyone that want a new phone without contract and that doest cost under half of what other phones do.

I have the 16GB global GSM version direct from Amazon and really happy using it.Pros- fast and rather pure OS, good performance for price group- last 4.4 Android option of new Art virtual machine- good dpi of screen and angles of vision, bright natural colors- good power of mobile network reception, wifi, gps- not bad camera quality for 5MP- hdr makes everything better, slow motion video interesting too- not very wide even for my little handsCons- build in battery- not perfect speed of camera- no SD card

These are great, upgrade to 4.2.3 Kit Kat without a hitch. All functions work well. Still learning the system, so for all the deep questions and doubters, contact Motorolas's tech department, they'll be glad to help. As for me and my wife, we are well pleased.

I'm just totally in love with this i-phone.  I had an Apple i-phone before and I disliked it very much.  This phone is amazing.

Responsible seller.The Moto G is so fast. It has everything you need in a smartphone. It works with google (google play incorporate).I am from for Venezuela, and it works perfectly with Movistar (3G and 2G)The product does not bring charger and headphones

After Motorola's disastrous handling of the Atrix models (reference the Atrix HD), this phone returns Motorola Mobility to the top of my short list of smart phone suppliers. This phone delivers excellent performance for a reasonable price. The &#34;pure Android&#34; configuration (KitKat 4.4.2 after OTA upgrade) outperforms current Samsung and HTC models.I echo previously posted comments about the look and feel of this phone. My only negative (so far) is the lack of LTE radio (this model has excellent data coverage on AT&T;'s HSPA+ network), and the non-removable battery. Overall, a very nice recovery by Motorola design and manufacturing after several misfires.

best smartphone price/performance everPROS:priceperformancsizeresolutionbatterylastest android versionCONS:nonemaybe weightp.s: funciona en Venezuela

Excellent excellent excellent vrry good phone. I would buy another one in  a breeze. Good job Moto the camera its just ok

Great phone it is fast and comes with a stock android also is a very cheap phone. (my friend Osman will buy it some day)!Pros:-Very crisp screen.-Fast Processor (4 cores) & correct amount of RAM.-Stock Android with last updates.Cons:-Camera, is decent but could be better.-No memory SD Slot.in general for Approx $200 you can't find another phone with this specs and quality, i recommend the 16GB version if you like hear music in your phone. enjoy it.

I'm a new switcher from iOS to Android, and this MotoG seemed like a cheap way to get into the swing of things. And since I've been on a cheapo internet carrier for almost a year, it was only a matter of switching the SIM card from my old iphone4 to the MotoG.What I like about this phone:&#8226; Screen and overall size&#8226; Very speedy overall&#8226; Motorola Assist thing&#8226; Battery life is ok&#8226; Signal strength is good (I'm in a big city though)What I absolutely hate about this phone is the wifi connectivity. It will not consistently connect to my home wifi &#8211; let alone a public hotspot somewhere in the wild. After researching a bit, a lot of people have issues with certain android phones (motox) that have wifi connection issues.This really kills the deal on this phone since I depend on wifi so much, as my carrier and the phone itself is limited to 3G. Still, I figure this is my cheap breakout phone and will put up with it as I transition into the land of Android mobile.

I bought this phone specifically to bring to my already existing consumer cellular account.  I thought it would work fine after reading other reviews on amazon and because CC sells the phone themselves. I choose to buy it here as it was unlocked and for the 16 GB option. After a week long battle and multiple calls to CC and motorola, I was unable to use my data plan, send or receive group text messages, and send picture text messages. Motorola said it was a carrier issue. CC said &#34;We cannot guarantee that all non-Consumer Cellular phones will be compatible with our service or that all phone features will work on our network&#34;. Unfortunately that was true in my case, I have now taken the phone and my number to a new carrier and the phone and service work great.

I am satisfied with the phone except the memory slot it doesnt have, but all thesame its perfectly okay and it receives update as soon as it releases

This phone is awesome! It does everything a smartphone does, and for a great value. It's easy to use, and a perfect size. I've had mine for about 6 months and have no problems. It charges in about two hours, is durable, and lovable. Highly recommend!

Gave this a gift for my siblings. They love it.

I had an iPhone 3GS for a couple of years with AT&T.;  I was out of contract and had for a while been fed up with bills between $70 and $80.  I had a plan with very little data (250MB) and international texts and calls generally cost way too much.So I wanted to see what life was like outside AT&T;'s walls.  I bought this phone and I am paying $39/month with Ultra.me. I'll discuss this carrier at the end of the review.Thus far it's been about 10 days and I am loving it.  My only slight regret is that a week after I bought this phone Motorola dropped the price on the big bro of this phone, the Moto X, and you can now buy it for $329 on their website.  I hope this comment doesn't get deleted, because Amazon sells the X for quite a bit more.If you're interested in the Moto X, the essential differences are these: (1) X is a bit more powerful; (2) X has 4G while G only 3G; (3) X has a 10Mpixel camera to the G's 5MP; (4) The X can pick up both the 1700 and the 1900 band, so you don't have to decide between the &#34;US&#34; version and the &#34;Global&#34; version of the phone.  If you trawl the reviews, as I did, the biggest beef with the G is with its camera.So, here's my take on the G.  It's so fast compared with my old phone -- I guess that's to be expected since my phone was 3 years old or so.  3G doesn't seem to be an issue, because the chip (I guess) is so fast.  Webpages load plenty fast.  I'm not a mega streamer of data -- I'm not watching netflix on 3g -- but on wifi, the screen definition looks fan-freaking-tastic.Compared with the iOS, I'm liking Android.  A lot.  I have always been an Apple guy, and love my Powerbook.  But I'm intrigued by Android.  The apps seem to work flawlessly.  When I got the phone, it immediately updated to Android Kitkat, and everything works fine.  I use Google Drive -- bonus, getting the Moto G got me 2 years of 50GB on Google Drive.  I may actually dump Dropbox for GD, although I kind of prefer the Dropbox UI.  I really like Google Gesture -- much easier to type than Apple's iOS hunt and peck.Essentially it all just works well.  Yes, the camera could be better, but hey -- it's $200.I went with the carrier Ultra.me for a variety of reasons.  One was that they have an international flavor, and I am often texting and phoning the UK.  For $39, I get 1000 international texts and 1000 minutes calling to the UK.  Both of those were quite a lot extra with AT&T.;  I also get unlimited domestic calling and texts.  And 500MB 4G (in this case 3G) data, and then it's throttled down a lot (128kbps -- super slow).  As I said earlier, I'm not massively bothered about the data limits since I just don't use that much bandwidth.  Or at least I can be frugal and use wifi.  If I want to move up a tier, for $49 you get the same deal but 2GB of data instead of 500MB.  Ultra.me uses the T-mobile network, which was my one frustration, because I wanted to buy the &#34;Global&#34; version of the Moto G.  Unfortunately, the Global version doesn't include the 1700AWS band which T-Mobile still uses in various places for 3G.  There are various accounts online of T-m moving to 1900 (which IS on the global phone) but I just couldn't count on such anecdotal accounts (there are some in these Amazon reviews) and so decided to go for the &#34;sure thing&#34; of the US version.  I have mixed feelings about this since I sometimes travel to Western Europe and envisaged using the phone with a European SIM card -- and most European countries use 2100 for 3/4G data. But oh well.  It's $200.

My last Android phone was the T-Mobile variant of the Samsung Galaxy S and I replaced it with a Nokia Lumia 521 but I just didn't like the limited selection of apps on the Windows Phone 8 platform so when I saw the Moto G was on sale I jumped at it and I have no regrets in my purchase. The phone is quick, and there's more than enough space to carry my favorite tunes with me. The call quality is good. I would recommend the Moto G to anyone.The only drawback I see in the phone is just a personal preference, I don't like the fact that the battery isn't user replaceable. Every phone I've owned till the Moto G has had an easily replaceable battery, but the Moto G doesn't, which isn't that big of a deal now when the phone is new, but in a year? We'll see.

fast, clear,clean and advanced. has latest android. I have galaxy S4 and bought it for my mom who is visiting. Performs just like much more expensive galaxy S4. It is a definite buy for people who are low on budget, do not want to show off but still want the latest and most advanced technology.

its amazing. I love it for the fist time. The best celphone that I buy. I like the applications. kisses

i was very happy with my purchase for the first two months. Then, one fine day, I left it overnight without charging. The next morning, disaster.  The phone is completely dead! No response or indication whatsoever. I tried charging it overnight. But, nothing. I tried hard reset, and all other tricks suggested on the web. Still nothing.A whole lot of people have reported this issue of battery going completely dead. This is seriously disappointing.I now plan to contact Motorola for a replacement.

the first thing that concerns me about the phone was the fact that had a non removable battery. But I'm here to tell you the battery lasts long enough if you use it wisely until you get home. Or until you can get to a charger....for the price this phone is absolutely  unbeatable.....truly worth your money for me this phone works better than my  $700 Samsung galaxy note 3 phone......

I have been using  this  phone for about a week now, and am very impressed. I am not a power user, and this is a huge improvement over the 3 year old Motorola Bravo that is has replaced. It is the perfect size for me with a reasonably large screen that still fits comfortably in my pocket. The size factor was very important to me. The display is very sharp and I find the colors to be quite vibrant. Performance has been far better than I expected. I don't stream video over the mobile network, so the 3G data is plenty fast for my needs.  Web sites and emails load very quickly. Performance over my home WIFI network is great, and I appreciate being able to run the latest version of Android without a ton of bloatware.This phone is a smart alternative for people like me who don't want to pay high monthly service fees or be locked into silly contracts. I am quite pleased buying service from a MVNO which uses the AT&T; network. I am able to enjoy smartphone convenience for under $30 per month. I am very happy with this phone.

This is a very good phone, and great value for money, which is the reason I bought it.However, I wish the description made it clear that the global GSM version may not allow 3g/4g on some US networks, specifically an MVNO like Straight Talk.I have Straight Talk service on an AT&T; compatible SIM, and I ordered the global GSM version of this phone assuming it would be the same as being on AT&T;'s network (suppposedly 1900 MHz). I anticipate some usage out of the country, and I didnt, at the time, see any disadvantage to buying the global GSM version (Amazon has since changed the wording in the description to imply T-Mobile users will only see 2G).I used the same SIM card that previously gave me 4g LTE on Straight Talk, and no matter what I did with the APN settings, I was unable to get 3g/4g working. The same APN settings on the same SIM card worked on my other phone, so the only logical reason for this can be that I bought the wrong version.I'm going to try the US GSM version and report back as to whether it works on Straight Talk or not.

For me, the most impressive thing about this phone is the battery life, and that's why I am giving it 5 stars. I've had it for nearly a month now and I charge it overnight every night. There is ALWAYS at least 80% battery life left. Granted, I am not the world's heaviest user, but even so I'm used to phones that start yelling at me about low battery at some point in the afternoon or evening. Very impressive.The rest of my impressions: the display is really sharp and quite large enough. It is very thin and lightweight. Call quality is good, too.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a great phone in the under-$200 range.

Nice phone.  Motorola version of Android is not very useful.  Missing many features that I was used to with Cyanogenmod.  For example,  having user profiles, being able to change to and from silent mode using top slide down drawer, being able to move icons on the quick settings panel, add remove icons to settings panel.  Does not come with basic things like a file browser and sound recorder.It offered an update to KitKat.  I accepted it and it installed kit kat without issues.  But, above complaints remain.Excellent battery life, nice looking phone, not too big and not too small.  Bright screen.  OS sucks.

Edit: Let's get something straight before you read this review: it's a smartphone. It's supposed to be user-friendly. I was under this impression when I bought the phone and when I wrote this review. If you have a lot of technical know-how or experience with androids then this review isn't worth your time and I don't want to hear about how much I suck. If you are looking for a hassle-free, low-cost phone, read on. Additionally, it was pointed out that my main concern may be related to the Google Maps application more so than the Moto G itself, so take that into consideration as you read. I am going to download a new app and will return with feedback. I can admit where I was mistaken but I won't have more strangers on the internet taking my rant against an inanimate object personally.Original review:I have owned this phone for months now, and it's only gotten worse. Is it dazzling and fun when you get it? Of course! Price? Fantastic. There are some things it does well: no issue with Netflix in combination with chromecast, messaging, pretty cooperative with apps.But let's talk about those day-to-day issues; where to begin? Maps. Guys, this is not a "funtime" phone for me, this is my ONLY phone. I depend on GPS to visit friends and family across the state (Florida) and my God, it will tell me to make a U-turn to go straight. It will point out the most ridiculous routes. It will let you *choose* which route you'd like to take, and then turn-by-turn directions will send you on another. It left me miserably lost late one night when I was not double-checking each goshdarn instruction. I have saved a screenshot of it telling me to go in the opposite direction for 10 minutes to get to my destination. And if you're still, it has no idea what you're doing and will insist that you turn around. What is this, the hokey pokey? No thank you, I just want to get to my destination please, and without spending $10 in unnecessary tolls, jumping on highways for no reason and driving in circles.I have seen this discussed in other reviews: unreliable screen flickering during calls. Trying to make one of many calls to automated lines for paying bills, business inquiries, what have you, and need to enter a digit? Need to double check a text or maps while on a call? Nope. Nothing going on there. Bless its heart. Sometimes it will work. Again, this is not a "sometimes" phone -- this is my one and only.Connectivity. I have only recently googled for the issues and saw that the 2nd most recent kit kat, 4.4.2, was causing connectivity issues with Moto G: which would explain (maybe) why chromecasting google play would stop randomly, or why Plex was constantly disconnecting, or why I would have to refresh a youtube video 10 times to view it. But this leaves me to the real straw-breaking-the-camel's-back for this review. I am up to 4.4.3 now. I just got a new router and every hunk of metal in this house is hooking up to the wifi just fine, but little homie Moto G keeps giving me authentication problems. My toaster can stream its own twitter feed but this $200 piece of much-lauded machinery has no idea what's going on. Additionally, I am having even WORSE issues viewing videos on youtube and other sites. What is the point of this phone? I am yearning for a corded landline and a Lite Brite at this point.Everyone and their dog was saying what a great budget buy the Moto G was. Well, I certainly miss my iPhone days at this point and am ready to sign my soul to the devil for a 5C because this aggravation is not worth the low price.

Meet all expectations and even moreReccomend to all. Value goes well up beyond just price . Do not think there is another one like this in the market.

I think it's the best cellphone as the price is only $199. The screen is clear.It is a nice experience.

Bought new, but the drive did not work. Returned less than 24 hrs after receiving. Very disappointed in this product.

Really good phone! It works perfectly. Good speaker and microphone. Battery resource provide you 2 days working without charging)The best choose for thismoney!

I'm sticking with motorola from now on. Never again will i pay premium pricing, I absolutely love the MotoG, antutu bechmark declares this like a premium phone very close in score to a galaxy S3 which is a powerful phone. Never again will i pay 500~800 phones, NEVER. Motorola made a phone that will stay in amazon for many years to come.

Excelente servicio. Entrega del art&iacute;culo en perfectas condiciones nuevo de paquete. Tiempo de entrega fue realizado seg&uacute;n lo acordado. Lo recomiendo.

The only thing I regret about the phone is that I wish I would have bought the 16 gig! Lol

Phone with minimume compromise and with great price. Very quick update to most recent android experience so no worries at all

Completely met all my expectations. Neither more nor less. Perfect for its price. Minus one star for missing Russian UI.

Got it for my girl.At this price I am not sure there is any other competitor.Upg to kitkat was smooth and my girl loves it.Great quality and built, lovely screen and size.Mostly recommended for most users!

really really phone , working great and fast !! the size is the right size. the only bad is the camera really poor .i would give it 5 stars if the camera was nice.

Excelent ..

Awesome product with great touch and response time. The camera could have been a tad bit better though. Grainy pictures in low lit conditions. Otherwise a perfect phone with great battery life.

Very good mobile with great performance. Amazon delivers it within two days free of cost.pros - battery, display, performancecons - camera, no memory card slotmissed dual sim version...

Way better than what i expected, some people even compare it with the S3. I like it... i would recommend it

Check out Cnet or Engadget for an in depth review, but for $200 you really can't beat this phone.  My only complaint is that the camera isn't very good.  It focuses kind of slow and tends to take some blurry pictures.  I would say the camera isn't as good as the camera on the Iphone 4 even though it's the same megapixels due to the slow focus.  Other than that, no problems at all with this phone.

I just "upgraded" from an LG Nexus 4 and although the Nexus 4 technically has better specs, this is flat out a better phone in nearly every way.  I also purchased and returned a Moto X about a month ago and similarly, while the G is not technically as good as the X, it is a better phone in my opinion.  The low price is obviously the biggest draw here, but the Moto G looks, feels, and works great!  It's miles ahead of any budget phone and better than any mid ranger and may even approach some of the halo phones on the market right now.The build quality is very high.  It feels solid in hand and does not flex or bend at all.  All the seams are very tight and it looks great.  It's not on par with the metal finish of the HTC One or the iPhone 5s, but IMHO it's better than the Samsung Galaxy models of late and most other plastic phones.The screen may be the best in the business right now.  It's obviously a matter of opinion, but working in IT I get to setup and support many different models of smartphones.  I find most IPS screens (LG, HTC) to display colors quite accurately, but look rather washed out on whites and blacks that just end up looking rather gray.  I find most AMOLED screens (Samsung, Moto X) to display whites and blacks very well, but they tend to make colors look overly vivid and almost cartoonish.  I don't know how Motorola did it, but the IPS screen on the Moto G seems to strike a near perfect balance with white whites, black blacks, and accurate colors.  It looks really good!Software wise, it comes with the very latest version of Android available - 4.4.3.  Being carrier unlocked, it doesn't come with any bloatware - only Google and Motorola apps, which all seem to be quite useful.  It doesn't come with the latest Google Now launcher (only available on Nexus phones), but it was very easy to sideload.  The G performs quite fast with almost no lag that I can detect - loading apps and switching between them very quickly.For connectivity, the LTE radio is definitely worth it!  My Nexus 4 only offered HSPA and this phone is noticeably faster on the network (T-Mobile, in my case).  I've also found wi-fi to be considerably faster as well.  Not sure why, but at both my work and home the G is downloading apps and surfing the web and so on much faster than my Nexus 4 ever did - an unexpected benefit.The optional colored back shells and grip shells are pretty neat and unique to the G.  I bought a blue one and it's pretty fun to be able to change the look of your phone on a whim.  I've even had a couple people comment and ask me what kind of phone it is.  Never had that with any of the all black phones I've had in the past.Battery life is very good.  Not great, but very good.  For light to moderate use it will definitely last a whole day, but I did manage to run it all the way down before dinner one day with heavy use.As far as drawbacks, I'm not finding many.  Probably the biggest is that it does not come with an AC charger - only a USB cable.  I have a few extras around, so it wasn't a big deal but some folks might be surprised.  Other reviewers have mentioned the camera not being very good, but the camera on my Nexus 4 wasn't very good either.  I've taken several photos indoors and out with the G and they seem fine to me for a smartphone.  Certainly not DSLR quality, but that's why you have a DSLR.  :-)  And you obviously don't get the voice commands or the active notifications found on the Moto X, which are admittedly quite useful.Overall, I highly recommend this phone!  At any price, it would be a really great phone and at this price it's a no-brainer!

I have now had the phone for about three weeks. It is a great phone for the price. Plenty of space on the 16 GB internal memory. It gets regular updates to keep it at the latest Android release. It is only at 3G speed though and since I have bought it Motorola has come out with a 4G version with SD memory port. I bought one of those for my wife. Maybe the reason I like this phone so much is because of the cheap phone I had previously. Anyway, for the price of $199 it meets most needs for a smartphone with out breaking your wallet.

This is a well designed product, very well human engineered and very capable to the task for the price. But how could Motorola be so chinsey on the AC charger?. This phone does not come with a removable mini USB cable, like the Motorola Bravo for example.This is the company wanting to seduce everyone into using Goggle+? So Google requires separate purchase of a USB cable to hook their phone into a computer to use Google+?  To top it off this is a phone costing well over $120 at most places and the AC charger is all white rather than keeping with a more professional looking black color. White is for Iphones and Ipads not us Android users..Whoever decided this at Google/Motorola needs to receive the dubious achievement award of 2014.

The phone got here on time as stated. So far I love my phone and everything works well. Don't know why I didn't buy it sooner. Very satisfied!

This is the best poor-man's smartphone I've ever used. Android 4.4 is great. There's only 1 gb of ram (around 450 MB left after the OS and other always-on services) so that is a downside, but for $200 it is an amazing deal.

switching from the nokia N9 to this. I FINALLY HAVE AN ANDROID PHONE, YES!!!!!excellent screen for the price imo.the camera is not great but good enough.pretty snappy, it's faster than my nexus 7 2012 but not the 2013 version.was deciding between the nexus 5 and the moto G. decided on the latter, evidently. because i would have had to pay more than twice as much to get the nexus 5 where i live and i decided this is way more value for money.

the device perform just right, it is a great price for a great phone no more waiting for things to load this device respond well to my needs

I bought this because it was an unlocked phone, and it worked well in Italy and Germany.  I would even buy this to use as a main phone here in the US.  It works very well.  I was impressed!

I had a sony xperia ion 4g but, it just died on me. I got sick of that phone anyways. I will not get another Sony phone. I needed a phone ASAP. I ordered the phone knowing of the lack of 4g and ability to expand the storage. The next day Google Play Edition came out. I looked at what GPE offered but, it was not a reason to return my phone when it arrived. I upgraded it to Kit kat right away.NegativesVideo quality is terrible.They could of made it to run of Hspa + network, oh well it is good enough for me now.

Moto G has impressed me so far, I don't like to spend a lot of money in phones, but I like this kind of phones, when you got all things that you need with an aggregate value... the phone it's fast, has enought of storage, the camera is decent and the screen is awesone. I though that Motorola has build an excellent phone.

great phone for a great prince. It was a gift for my sister and she's very happy with it, thanks.

I ordered on the first day Motorola started to take pre-orders. Though the phone was decent, but it felt little sluggish, especially the chrome browser. So I returned it the next day.

You can close your eyes and hit checkout button. This is the best you can get in this price. Smooth scrolling, good screen, and well built phone you can get. Since this phone is built by Moto when it was Google company, you will get all latest Android updates.

This is my first smartphone. I was planning to purchase the iPhone 5 but just couldn't justify paying three times as much for a phone. Since it was my first phone, I wasn't sure what features I would need or want and didn't want to pay for all the 'bells and whistles' if I was never going to use them. The Moto G does all the things I need and so much more  - make calls, send texts, check my emails, provides me with internet, takes pictures, etc. I am still learning all the Moto G is capable of and having fun playing with it. The phone looks sharp, has a big screen and feels substantial in my hand. I was so impressed I bought the Moto G for my 14 year old. She had plans to purchase the iPhone 6 when it came out later this year but is seriously rethinking whether she will spend all that money when the Moto G does all she needs.

Love love love love my new phone. I can't express how pleased I am with it.Only one disappointment is it does not come with a wall charger only a usb charger.

Recently had to give up my iPhone 5 and was in need of a new, unlocked phone that I could use immediately. Perusing about amazon, I came across the Moto G and started doing some research on this puppy and liked what I read; decided to take the plunge. My immediate reaction to using this device has been extremely positive, and surpassed my expectations coming from an iPhone 5. At a $180'ish price point, the performance and the most put together Android/Google experience the Moto G delivers is unmatched.What you get with the phone:Moto G and charging cable... That's it!Design:Honestly, for a phone this cheap, this is a slick looking phone. With its concave design, matte black back plate and just about edge-to-edge glass on the face, you do not need to worry about the Moto G looking like a cheap Korean phone. This thing has style. The weight of the phone seems to be on the heavier side, which I like a lot, makes it feel well built and valuable. Comparing this Moto G to my Fiance's 4s, I have to say the Moto G looks better than the more expensive 4s. The only physical buttons on the Moto G is the lock and volume rocker, which adds to the simplicity and coolness of this phone's design. The home, back and multi-task buttons are on the screen.One design flaw that bummed me out is how you have to remove the back plate to insert your sim card. Seems like Motorola/Google could have thought of a better way to make this process easier. I ended up snapping the thin plastic on the top of the headphone jack. I'm the only one that notices it, but it's there and it's a bummer.UX/UIThe first time I have seen a perfect marriage of an Android OS implementation and Google's awesome applications. If you have ever used an Android from another vendor, the OS tends to feel like a bootleg copy of another or does not feel polished like Apple's iOS. Using the Moto G, you will notice that this looks like the way Google intended their Android OS to be implemented on a device--remember, Google purchased Motorola and their handsets are starting to show the benefits of this acquisition. No weird bloatware is forced upon you, you basically get all of the Google apps, Motorola Migrate and that's about it. The Moto G is a lean machine out of the box, which is something I was thankful for when I first started it up.Also, the OS does a good job of guiding you on how to use the Google-centric apps instead of the on-board messaging/email apps with your google account, which each application is intuitive and runs flawlessly so far. Login to your Google account on startup and your whole Google-cloud-You is automatically loaded into your new Moto G almost instantly. Overall the interface and experience the Moto G delivers, running Android Jelly Bean, feels cohesive and intuitive. After using iPhones for so long, you tend to hear about &#34;fragmentation,&#34; &#34;walled gardens&#34; in the Android universe, but the experience this Motorola delivers offers a glimpse into some pretty cool things to come for the Android OS--with Motorola handsets.Performance:I will warn you that I am not a mobile gamer. I use my phone to get things done and keep my life in order but would consider myself a power user, but have no need or want to play games on my phone--personally, I need tactile feedback to play video games... Anyways, this thing zips. After playing with crappy Android based tablets and witnessing some of the performance issues friends and relatives have with their Android phones, I was expecting some hiccups here and there at this price point. Motorola HAD to pinch pennies somewhere on this phone, right?! Well, they did compromise dollars here and there on this offering, but not so much in the hardware. This thing is a speedy little handset that will be more than adequate for the average user and I think if you are a power user that needs your phone to be productive, the Moto G should be able to handle everything you throw at it.Not only does the quad-core processor and 1gb of RAM in this little beast zip, but it is a true battery sipper. Battery saver mode shuts down background functions you don't absolutely need to get every drip of battery juice. The efficiency of this phone is amazing, don't even need to charge it through the day even when using mostly cellular data.Speaking of cellular data, one thing you should know about the Moto G is that one of the cost-saving features that Motorola implemented is that this phone is 3G only. This is not a huge deal to me as in my area 3G is fast enough. I also do not watch Netflix on my phone or anything, I have a Roku for that. Honestly, it's a small compromise for a phone this nice at this price point, I don't think it's a big deal. Your mileage will vary, so it is something to take into consideration.Display/CameraThe display on the Moto G is sharp. No obvious aliasing or pixelation, everything looks crisp and clean... Except for the default background, get rid of that as soon as you get your Moto G.The camera is probably the biggest compromise made to the Moto G that I recognize and am kind &#34;meh.&#34; about. It will shoot 720p video, which is completely fine; shoots panorama images (cool); frigin burst mode (pretty cool); and that's about it. The still camera quality is nothing compared to what you will find on the iPhone 5 and up or other more expensive handsets on the market. BUT THAT'S OK! You're taking photos with your phone and posting them on instagram or Facebook or whatever, not shooting editorial photography for [insert any nationally recognized magazine name here].Overall:If you're looking for an unlocked phone or tired of the BS bloatware that comes with Android Handsets from other vendors, BUY THIS PHONE. This thing is a gem and the compromises that Motorola made to get the Moto G to this price point were all spot-on, correct decisions that consumers can really appreciate.

it is really a good phone, fast enough for daily use and very good battery compared to my iphone 5. I have to say I like it very much.

Excellent phone, except for bad camera, everything else is great, very good quality and fast, also has very loud speaker

Before I explain this phone, I would like to explain my background with devices. I have owned an iPhone 4s, a Nexus 4, and now a Moto G. I also own a Galaxy Note 10.1. That being said, the Moto G is easily the best phone I have owned. Making the switch from iOS to android was painless and worthwhile. This phone as fast as the nexus 4 and feels just as premium. I made the change from a Nexus 4 to the Moto G because of battery life. While my nexus would need to be charged at least once midday in order to make it all day, the Moto G powers through all day long with battery to spare. That alone was enough for me but the fact that this device can run everything my nexus could and do it just as well makes the switch all the better.This phone includes the device, a microusb to usb cable, and paperwork. There is not a wall adapter due to the price of this phone but will work with most chargers above 500mA with a max of 2mA.Hardware:Screen:The Moto G has a screen with a pixel density to match the iPhone 5s retina screen. It is only 720p compared to many flagships that are 1080p but to the human eye the difference is not noticeable. Images are sharp and colors are true on the Moto G. This looks like a high quality screen. It should be noted that the screen size is slightly smaller than the nexus but this makes it easier to use one-handed.Material:The phone itself is a polycarbonate material but feels premium. It does not feel like Samsung phones or tablets where the cheap plastic is noticeable. The phone weighs more than the nexus 4 but not by much and the heftiness makes it feel truly premium for a budget price point. The back is removable and is needed to do so in order to place a SIM card in the phone. The SIM goes in gold side down with the side that has a slanted edge in first which I had trouble figuring out at first. It is recommended to not use SIM adapters or risk breaking the pins in the phone. The back of the phone is a matte polycarbonate and tends to collect finger prints and oil easily. I use the Moto G flip shell and that is better made and lacks this issue. The back is hard to remove but is made easier by the included instructions in the package.Ports:The headphone jack is located directly in the middle on the top of the phone. The jack is a standard headphone jack and will fit any headphones you may have. However this phone does not come with a pair of headphones which is probably partially a factor in the price. The microusb port on this phone is standard and will fit any cables you may have. It feels tight and well made compared to some other ports on other devices.Battery:Battery life is phenomenal with this device. I use my phone heavily for streamed music over wifi and 3g, calls, google hangout video chats, and texting/email and this phone lasts from 7am till midnight with battery to spare. People who casually use their phone will get two days from it. There is also a battery saving mode that cuts down background app data but I have not yet needed to use it. Sadly it does not support Qi Wireless charging which is a let down.Included hardware: This phone has a white LED that is used for notifications. The phone also has an FM radio in it that uses headphones as the antenna. This is a nice feature and important for some people. The power and volume buttons are slightly wobbly but that can't be noticed in a case and they are reassuringly clicky and responsive.Software:This phone runs android 4.3 out of the box and is upgraded to android 4.4 over the internet. A google account is needed in order to download apps and use google software and you are prompted to create one or sign in with an existing one. This phone runs nearly stock android and has absolutely no lag at all. There are added Motorola apps which are actually very useful. Moto Assist can set profiles to make the phone silent while sleeping or in meetings. Motorola Migrate moved all my texts and into from my Nexus 4 to the Moto G flawlessly. There is at least one more guaranteed android update from Motorola.Internal components:The Moto G has a Snapdragon 400 and 1g of ram with 8 or 16g of storage. These are not quite flagship numbers but they are extremely fast and even with 1g of ram I have not had any issues with apps closing compared to my Nexus 4 which had 2g of ram. Games run just as well as the nexus and this phone is zippy and quick. The Moto G is unlocked for any GSM network and the US version is optimized for AT&T; and T-Mobile. The data speeds are only 3g or HSPA+ but are good enough to stream music and watch Youtube or Netflix without a stutter. The 3g saves battery compared to LTE which is a bonus.Overall this phone is extremely capable of being a daily driver even for power users. The phone feels premium and is offered at a budget price. Compared to other budget phones, it is a no brainer to pick the Moto G. Even flagships have a hard time justifying price compared to the Moto G. The battery lasts all day and the performance does not disappoint. The phone does smudge easily, does not offer NFC or Qi Charging, and the buttons are slightly wobbly but overall this phone is a great buy.

For the price, this is an amazing phone. Fast, responsive, and a great screen.There's only two small drawbacks:A) The camera is serviceable but not much more than that.B) No SD card clot for expanding storage space.

I love the Motorola Moto G-global GSM unlocked because it is easy to use, lighter, and I have excess to WIFi  and many apps.

Best price for very nice specs comparing with other phones in same class.I recommended this phone for any one have limited budget.

Awesome phone for the money. really happy with my choice!-fast-amazing screenEverything I hoped it would be :)

We just updated our daughter's phone.  And for the price this one can't be beat.  This is a great phone and she's having a blast with it.  I can see why this is one of the best selling phones on the market.

Great phone for the price.

After reading reviews and watching youtube videos, I decided to get this phone for my bro. He loves it. It's a sleek black design and its really nice to hold. It comes with android kit kat already on it and little to no bloatware, almost stock android. The resolution is also excellent, I was really surprised at how crisp and sharp the screen was. Programs run smoothly so far with no lagging. If you're on a budget this is definitely the phone to get, no need to look further. It is also unlocked for any carrier as I am able to use it in the Caribbean.

Excellent battery life. Clear screen. Easy to use camera.

Really good cel phone, you can buy without concern. You will not regret.Light, beautiful and useful, like the most of things that Google and Mototolla do.

It does what they say..Very easy to use, a bit heavy but it's still a good smartphone.

I am very content with this smartphone, because it fulfil all my expectations. I wouls recommend this smartphone to everybody.

Update 01/22/2014: I am downgrading my rating on this product after a month's use. The latest kitkat update creates a speakerphone problem that is only remedied by powering off and powering on. Others have experienced similar problems with kitkat 4.4.  Motorola doesn't take any ownership of the problem and will only assist if I send in the phone in for repair. It is a new phone with a new operating system so best to wait as they work out the bugs.What sold me on the Moto G was the battery life. Maybe the lack of LTE is adding to the battery, but with moderate talking and with most battery saving settings in place, I get 4 days between charges. That is fantastic! Otherwise, the interface is a clean, basic Android. The speed is more than adequate (even 3G on the T-mobile Chicago network). The phone speakers are more than adequate and it is easy to hold and the 4.4 KitKat update will make it better. For the price, it is an absolute steal and other vendors are on notice. I have no idea why someone would spend $500 for a phone with this one available but to each his/her own. For me, this is a great find. Thanks to my son for alerting me.

I love this phone! I got it through Republic Wireless for $179 and I only pay $10 a month for my plan. This phone has the perfect sized screen for reading. I don't see the need for a 7 inch tablet anymore. The speakers are awesome on this phone too. I love the HD screen as well. So much better than the Nokia Lumia.

I purchased this phone as a gift for my nephew.It's the perfect low budget phone. I wasn't expecting it to be so quick. The software is miles ahead of anything in its price tag.Streamlined phone, has a good feel,  has that kit kat look that is really smooth.

Suddenly Restarts and google now just open when  am watching a video. The cellphone is good but has some problems.

Unlocked is nice - can choose your carrier and plan that suits you best. Camera is not great but not bad. Updated immediately to latest android, and is very smooth OS. Really should have Micro SD slot for convenience, 16GB onboard seems to be enough so far.Only 3G, but really not able to tell any difference in speed from previous Samsung 4G. Hard to find a belt case that actually fits.

I really like this phone and I use it a lot more than I used my Iphone.  Everything works great and it is fast.

This is my first smartphone. I wanted an iphone 4s but I didn't really have the money. I read some reviews of this phone and took the leap - glad I did. First, it's only 3G but that's been plenty fast enough for me when I've needed it. I have good wifi available nearly everywhere and this phone seems plenty fast enough. Screen looks great. Feels good in the hand. Decent battery life. All in all, I have been thrilled with this phone.

this is a good phonegood baterygood cameragood good goodyou can play flappy bird in this phonehahahayeah a $200 phone to play flappy bird

Great phone for the price. I haven't been able to use all the features yet but am looking forward to it. I love the feel and responsiveness of the screen.

This phone is fast, easy to use and the screen size is great. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

The phone is awesome.Its smaller than i thought it would be but it feels like a real solid phone.All i had to do was throw in my SIM and SD card and it was ready to go 4G LTE on AT&T's network.Awesome imho.The phone has a great screen and  its very easy to see in the sun.Also the viewing angles are great to.If it had 2GB's of ram and more storage like maybe 16GB's or 32 it would be the prefect little phone.No nfc but i dont care.I love this little phone.Totally blows the Nokia 925 away that it replaced

Love this phone. At $199, it's a bargain. This has superb battery life, a decent screen, awesome quad core processor.It is really smooth. The best part is that around December 24, Motorola/Google released the Kitkat OTA to the US Moto G. Awesome Christmas present.Many consider it a mini nexus because of it running almost near-AOSP software.Which is great, as it isn't running touchwiz or LG UI which can be very bloated and slow any phone down. Great device.

I found this phone while i was looking for a cheap smartphone to buy as i lost my 5s. This phone is $200. But performs like a $600 phone. Very Impressed & happy.

Really excelent! Is a beautifull movil, a great idea from Motorola to do something lime that! Perfecta ti normal persons

I love this phone, it exceeded all my expectations.Little concern about the sound quality during the call, but anyways it's a great deal.Keep it up Moto ;)

Bought it for my GF, she was using a Nokia lumia. She hasn't looked back, she is so happy with this.

Its good.

Great specs for a reasonable price. Fast enough for using documents and staying in contact with the office. Plus a fine screen and android 4.4. After 5 months using it no complains so far.Main values- Good processor- Nice screen, good enough for hd video playing- Latest android version- No apps problem- Battery last the entire day (wifi on most of the times, 3g and data sync on, gps turn on only when necessary)- Water resistant (not waterproof)- Almost 6 months without any problem- Compass, GPS, gyroscope, light sensor, proximity sensor- Rear and front face camera- Reasonable price- RadioMain disadvantages- Camera quality (not an issue for me, for good pictures i use a good digital camera)- No expandable memory (again not an issue for me, I don't need to have to much music or videos on it, I have all in the cloud)- Speakers not too loud, they could be better.- No different color LED for notificationsBottom line: Highly recommended.

We are not big smart phone people.  I worked from home and was almost never away from an internet connection.  My wife works at a school where the WIFI is everywhere.  When considering the price of the phone and the service plan, it just never seemed worth it to make the switch for the 2x a month I wish I had a data plan.  I went along fine with my 5 member family plan from T-mobile for less than $100/mo; wondering about the sanity of my friends that pay more per month for their family phone plans than we spend on all of our other utilities combined.So I bought this phone for my wife when hers died and she loves it.  We are still too cheap to buy the data plan but T-mobile had no problems activating it as is.  Since we are usually at home or work where there is WIFI we rarely miss data.  One of these days I might even get crazy and activate data.  As it is, the phone works great and my wife no longer looks like she is talking on a 14 pound 1990 cell phone.

Yes is a good phone, good quality came in a little box but i don't know why just came with the usb. No charger, no headphones but is a great phone.. Work excelent with Movistar VENEZUELA

i love the phone it has wonderful specs i did not see any flaws in this phone i love it!

Got it & updated to Android V4.4.2 automatically, system runs extremely smoothly. Great phone but cheap, completely fulfill my requirements.

I recomment the Moto G to all. I would like to buy more of them and will soon. Thank you.

I wish the phone gives an option to just change keyboard language instead of allover language change. Great camera to take pictures not so good for facetime. The phone is similiar to samsung s4 alot... I feel comfortable using it.

I use this on Metro pcs, yes it doesn't have 4G but uses 3g and the speed is incredible compared to my OLD 4G phone.This phone has every feature you  would want, updates to kitkat as soon as you connect your wifi connection.Even has a &#34;migrate&#34; program that allows you to simply download the migrate app and transfer from old phone to new phone (contacts, texts etc etc).The speakers are nice on this, nice and clear.I'm used to the &#34;sleep/shut screen off button being ONTop of the phone,. this is my only gripe it's located on the side, it is super responsive though.UNless you MUST have a samsung galaxy/iphone this is the next best choice for the price... it cannot be beat!If you like the NEXUS 7 Tablets and think that is a great deal, this one tops it in my opinion.Money well spent, oh the battery doesn't come out,and no sd card slot... but at this price it can easily be over looked.Pros-Super fastSuper ResponsiveGreat screen (gorilla glass)Quad core and a 4.5 inch screen... is amazing (for this price).ConsBattery cannot be removed,NO SD card slot.POwer/sleep button is located on the SIDE of the phone right above the volume/up down buttons.Hope this review helps someone!

I had two iphone 4s and a 5 prior to this phone. I've only been using this phone for about a week and I couldn't have imagined a phone that works as well as it does for only $200.  I have no problem running five or six apps at a time.  The phone is fully capable of running the most ram heavy apps and games.  I was a little skeptical about the android software but it is extremely customizable and you really get to create your own mobile experience unlike the one size fits all apple counterpart.  This phone is everything I want and need to be connected yet productive.  I'd recommend it to anyone who isn't looking to spend top dollar for a galaxy or iPhone.

This phone is pretty good for the price so far i like it quite well.  The reason I gave it four stars is that a couple of times it drops my network and then I have to search for providers and then I have it automatically choose the right provider and then I get my network back it's kinda wierd. So far that is my only gripe.

Been looking for a placement for my Iphone 3gs on a straight talk (walmart) sim and decided to go with the Moto G.  Phone has been a drastic upgrade. Simple yet elegant. Has everything I need and then some. A quick cut of my normal sim card into a micro and a few shell programs from google play has made this phone into something i should be able to enjoy for years.Con:Phone is a bit slippery on the backside. Be sure to get a good phone protector to avoid accidental slips.

Responsive, handsome, all around best value phone you can probably get as of today.

My wife bough these to replace our previous phones and in short they are crap!  First the good.  They are fast, have a decent amount of memory but can also take a 32GB microSD card. The screen is nice and it appears to be a fairly durable phone.  Now the bad.  When I turn the phone off it randomly turns itself on.  I have no idea why.  The camera is okay at best.  I downloaded a different camera app and it takes better photos so it's the camera software not the hardware.  But the worst thing, the reason I give this phone only 1 star is that I cannot get a signal.  I'm sitting in my home and no signal.  I'm using AT&T but my Verizon phone usually got 3 or 4 bars.  My wife's iPhone had about the same.  My work phone (also AT&T) has 4G service.  But my Moto G sitting next to my work phone has zero bars.  That makes this completely useless.  I don't need or want a handheld game system, I need a phone, and if I can't get a signal then this just occupies space.  Not worth the money I spent on it.

I bought on your online store a Motorola cellphone model Moto G Unlocked 8GB. Since I live in Venezuela this item was shipped to my mail box in Doral, Miami and then to my Country, reason why I received the package the last month. The first two weeks that I used the cellphone it works perfectly. However, a week ago it suddenly switch off and it did not worked again. I have been trying to charge it and nothing seems to change, the device does not work. Because it is still covered by the guarantee, I need you to suggest me what can I do?Thank you so much for your attention.I would appreciate your answer as soon as it is possible because I really need my cellphone.SincerelyHeilyn Lopez

Great cell phone. It came with no problems at all. I recomended it.high quality for the price. big deal. thank you

As the foreign user of this device, i can say, that there's some things that firstly are incomfortable. For example, to install Russian language, you need to unlock the bootloader, make yourself a root user and then install locale. But once you do this, and that's it. All other features are just perfect. It has a perfect screen, it's pretty fast and has all i need from smartphone.IMHO, the best value/quality correspondence

Is amazing.

I loved this phone for 2 months, until a kernel trojan made its appearance with that hideous grinning face over the return key. I returned it immediately, and it was replaced the next day with a phone that was not only refurbished but also had the exact same kernel trojan! I couldn't believe it. I was incensed. After wasting a couple of hours on support, I just decided to return it through Amazon. They helpfully processed the return even though its return date had expired a month ago.

Finally I am using this phone.  I had to cut my SIM card down to micro size to fit.  I took this phone to the Caribbean, put in the cut SIM card from my service provider here, phone was configured with no problem by provider, and works great.You can see the specs for the phone in other places, they are good enough, so I won't comment more about that.  I just wanted a phone that would use the SIM card from here and work.  Very easy.  No problems.  And, I do like the phone for what it is.  [My other is an Iphone which of course is superior in design and operating characteristics  :  )  but costs way more.  Can't beat the price for this phone and its features.

It's really really fast! I love the design and quality. I have been using it for a month now and I haven't had to reboot it even once.

I've had this phone for over a week now, i get massive upload and download speeds on the AIO (ATT) network, it is only an HSPA phone, but well worth it.  The battery life is awesome, I get 4+ hours of on screen time, over 3 hours of talk time, and browsing web all day... and when I put it on charger at 11pm at night i have at least 35% battery left, that's after taking it off charger by 6am.MOTOROLA has done a great job...  get the 16GB well worth the extra 20 bucks

The handset is very good, fast, agile, with stylish design. You can communicate with everyone through this system, no need to be anything more than a Moto G. Fantastic! Congratulations to Motorola brand and the entire staff.

I needed an inexpensive unlocked phone. This was the perfect choice. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles as the more expensive flagship phones but it does its job very well. It runs very smooth and all of my apps run fine on it. The only time it gets jerky is when I have six or seven things going at once, but usually that's a result of me forgetting to close out unused apps. It has wifi, bluetooth, a nice speaker for speakerphone, audio quality is clear for both incoming calls and outgoing calls (my wife has one as well and I hear her well when we speak). The screen is clear and responsive. It feels sturdy and well built.One thing I really love about this is that it comes with Quick Office. So I can make spreadsheets and word documents on the go. I usually track my expenses on my phone throughout the week until I have time to update my budget at home. The spreadsheet software has many basic and even some more advanced functions for people who like spreadsheets.The only thing I wish it had was voice control. It's difficult to call people when I'm driving because I have to search their name in the phone book via typing or use the voice search which works moderately well with names. This is not a huge deterrent to the phone but rather a better deterrent of me not paying attention to the road.The camera is not for photograph enthusiasts as it takes only mediocre quality pictures but it's good enough to just have a snapshot of the moment or to share on Facebook.All the complaints I have about the phone is something that can be resolved by buying a more expensive phone. But given my applications, it's not worth it to pay the extra $300-$400 for a more expensive phone that makes my life just a hair more convenient.Also did I mention that the battery lasts for over a day? From start to finish my battery has lasted up to 30 hours. That was with light to moderate use. I sent text messages the majority of the time, talked for maybe an hour, and used the internet for a couple hours at home and a couple youtube videos.Great phone. Huge bang for the buck. I would highly recommend it to anyone who's not a tech enthusiast but wants a smart phone for every day use.

The wifi connection is a little slow, not to the 802.11n standards and have trouble to stay connected. Once update to the new version KitKat 4.42, it seems everything runs ok. As for the phone under ATT, it is very responsive and sounds are clear. Wish it had 4G-LTE capability.

For the price, you can't really beat the phone. I used to have an s2 and can honestly say I love this.When android kitkat is released, the phone will only get better.Pros:Sharp/ vibrant colorsFast processorCons:Weak camera

It works really well and is a great phone for under 200 dollars. I am very satisfied with my purchase

My first impression about this phone was &#34;AWESOME&#34;! I mean this phone is one of the best buy that I Made in Amazon, Is better than the most of the smartphones under 400 $, I had the nexus 4 but this one feels really better!

This Iphone is ver y nice. The desing os besutiful. The weigth is right. I lime it a lot. Thanks

Great phone!

This is an excellent phone, It just plain works. For those of you out there having issues, just stay on top of them about it. Reach out to other people in the forums on Motorola's website, post on their Facebook page. You deserve, as a customer, to be heard. It may take them some time, be patient, but they will work it out for you. Just don't try and run some kind game on them by saying you didn't drop your phone if you did, You never got it wet and you have. Be honest.I did have a problem with mine, yet Motorola worked it out for me and are sending me a new phone. Also, I bought my phone direct from Motorola.

Great phone for the price.  No contract,  lots of features.  Can't beat Motorola phones.  I only have motorola phones because they just work.

lasted only three weeks after 3 weeks of use the screen turned red and did not work but was a good phone but not coming back to buy more motorola amazon replied and gave me 50 dollars so anything more is not their fault they were very attentive

This phone really took me by surprise, its actually comparable to any high end phone out there.  Strongly recommend it for teens as a starter phone.

This the best unlocked budget phone. I bought the global unlocked version and it worked like a charm in India. Thanks Google for the best budget phone.

is the best phone out there at the beginning of the year, a good size screen, a powerful processor and the design is very elegant, I recommend it 100%

Wow!I have more than one phone to stay current with the mobile field.  I had to purchase this out of curiosity.My first impression of this phone was from the box.  The box is smaller than any other phone box I have ever had.  Once unboxed, I was amazed at the heft of this phone.  This is a good thing, as this feels like a solid phone of premium build quality.  It doesn't creak or feel flimsy in any way.  It fits so well in-hand and is very comfortable to hold.  Now I know why so many phone websites talked about how great the Moto X felt in-hand. This phone shares similar design DNA.  It even has the dimple. The build quality is great.  The buttons are clicky and the device feels solid.  It doesn't flex at all.At 4.5 inches in screen size, there was no way to forget that the screen was smaller that my GS4 and HTC One.  Half an inch makes a big difference.  You may enjoy have a 4.5 inch screen if you are coming from a smaller screen, so this is not necessarily a negative.With only 8 GB of space on-board, you definitely need to buy an SD card.  I bought one of the new Samsung's (the orange 32gb card) and it works great.  After installing everything I have ever installed on my other Android phones, I still had 3GB of space left on-board the device itself.  Out of the box, you have approximately 5 GB on-board for all of your apps, music, video, and photos.  This makes the SD card a must.One interesting feature of this phone is the Storage -> Move Media option in Settings.  It is like a broomstick to clean up all of your photos, video, and music and move it to the SD card.  I find this useful because some apps will only write to internal storage, and if they do understand the concept of an SD card, these apps still write to the device's internal storage as an "emulated SD card."  I was caught off-guard the first time, thinking I was saving to my SD card, when it was really the "emulated SD card" in the phone's storage (not my real physical SD card I put in the phone).  So you will still find yourself needed to use this cleanup option to actually move your content from the emulated SD card to the real SD card.I threw my AT&T; sim card in this phone and LTE works great in it.On Geekbench 3, it scores a 338 on single core and 1137 on multicore.My only disappointments are middle-of-the-road photo quality and that it only supports 2.4Ghz WiFi.  There is no 5GHz band in this phone. You can't have everything in a budget-priced phone I suppose.Overall, this phone is generally by no means a sacrifice in quality or usability.  It is every bit a very good Android phone.  Absolutely amazing value and quality for the price.

Ive had this for about a month now. And so far so goooooood!!!! Although sometimes when i open a lot of apps...( like about 8) the app button wont show any apps or the apps look distorted... But you can clear all the apps and it went back to normal.

Good Mobile for good price,Very easy to useThis phone got very great battery backup.But the earphones are not provided

As other reviewers have noted, this phone is very good and a great buy.  Have been using the global GSM version on T-Mobile in Washington, DC, and 3G speeds are very good (8+ Mbps down, 2.4 up; the area has been refarmed to 1900).Compared it to a Moto X for a few days.  It's not exactly a fair comparison given the large price difference, but thought it might be helpful to some. The Moto X is a bit faster when browsing and scrolling--it's noticeable.  What is more noticeable is that the Moto X's display has better contrast--whites are much whiter and blacks are blacker. That said, the Moto G's display is sharp and doesn't look bad, except when compared to a top-end phone.  I found the Moto G easier to use one-handed b/c of the slightly smaller screen, and more comfortable to hold, because of slightly greater thickness around the edges. Returned the Moto X and kept the Moto G.I had a curious problem after the Kit Kat update:  the icon for answering calls didn't display when a call came in, making it impossible to answer calls!  Called Motorola Customer Care, who tried everything.  In the end, a factory reset did the trick.  Apparently, some part of Kit Kat did not install properly the first time around.All in all, I am very happy with the phone.

Coming from an iPhone 4, this phone is *much* better at one *fourth* of the cost. Besides, no need to jailbreak anymore, and finally an accessible filesystem! There is not much to say, it is nearly flawless. The performance is butter-smooth and the display clear and sharp. The plastic shell is nice and the buttons are good. The camera quality is pretty good too. The battery lasts for about a day and a half, which is acceptable considering the screen size.My only complaints are the Dialer app, which displays caller IDs in a small font size and is unintuitive, and of course the lack of an SD slot and removable battery.

I admit I was a bit hesitant buying this phone even though reviews were great. Everyone one wants the newest, flashiest, most expensive piece of technology out there & I wasn't sure I wanted to give that up. But I'm tired of paying a ton of money for extra features I forget are there or don't care to use. So, for the low price of $200 I bought something that suits me perfectly & didn't take to big of a chunk out of my wallet. The best feature, because it's 3G instead of 4G data my battery life is like the energizer bunny it keeps going & going. I have never had less than half my battery life at the end of the day & I am on apps & the internet a lot. Plus, everything runs fast & smoothly, there has been no annoying lag. The biggest down side is the camera is not as good which would be nice. But I have never been big on photos from my phone. In highly recommend this phone if you want a great product for a very reasonable price!

It is a great device, it exceeds all my expectations, your screen is fantastic and very durable, I recommend this product

I'm a proud owner of a Nexus 5, and I decide to buy this one for my mom, she has an iphone 4 and she needed an upgrade but I was telling her to change to android, finally I convinced her. When I first open it I liked the size and the screen, but after using it for a few days I can say that there's not too many difference between the Nexus 5 and this phone, if you're searching for a good phone and you don't care for thing like NFC full HD screen (this one is HD though) and more than 1 GB of ram this is the phone for you! for every day use this phone is fantastic, I even tried the chromecast with it and it doesn't have any problem, Even I received already the update to android 4.4.3, 2 days after my Nexus 5 and 7 o it's amazing!!!!!!!

So far the best phone I ever had, my friends can't believe I just paid 180$ for this amazing phone

Nice phone for the money. I would buy another one.

its an excellent choice for those looking for high performance and low cost. the size, weight, battery and OS performance are more than i expected.

it really suits me for the price is low  but with  good looking and  it's unlocked &#65292;so i can use it in my country outsides usa

I like this phone. It's good, beautiful and cheap. Also, it's fast and it updates to the latest android version (Kit Kat).

This is a great phone. The cost/benefit ratio is great. If you want an awesome phone and don't have much money, this is the one you should go to

So, I have had only one other smart phone (NOKIA LUMIA 620 which sucked...ish)(so I'm not the best smart guy), and I like this, did not require data (on red Pocket). I love this phone so far, and I am running KITKAT on this and everything works great and associate with Gmail and Google. I got OSMAND free OFFLINE navigation that works great.  In comparison to the 620, theres no comparison. My 620 was a good starter phone but not for the price, worth 100 at best. This so far is worth every penny....so far.  And it feels expensive and well put together. The style is great but unfortunately its all covered by my ugly OTTERBOX (which fits it perfect, but is not attractive, but oh well). The called quality sounds really good when speaking to people, especially to landline.I admit, I don't know much about the OS android, so I can't comment on that, but the phone seems to run everything really well, movies, games, apps. navigation and voice. uploads downloads. picture quality is great.And in comparison to the Lumia 620, the battery seems GREAT. my lumia needed a charge halfway through the day, and I have the MOTO G all day, doing basic apps, no movies, mainly texting and surfing, and its 30-40 percent down. really great i think.I think if you want the best, than the MOTO X, for someone who doesn't really know all the features of smartphones and wants the luck of a  NICE smartphone, MOTO G. Im sure there are lots of features other phones have that this doesn't, but it has all the important ones people generally know about.I think if your new to smart phones, and don't want to be tied into expensive contracts, THIS is the phone, just don't break it, get a case like OTTERBOX.

Pros:Display: I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised to see , in addition to its generous size , we have excellent quality , a delight to be located within the economic range . Find few screens like this.Performance : The fluidity of Motorola Moto G does not leave anyone indifferent , we are in front of a spectacular performance. Had incredible hope in this paragraph and the Motorola guys have got, Moto G delivers performance mid / high range .Price : I'm not one to value the price, as I said at the beginning, but the product , but in this case , find the two preceding paragraphs below 200 US is something to keep in mind , really a great price for midrange device . Yes I dare , is a mid-range priced at low end. The terminal end of the market more balanced start .Cons:Camera: Motorola Moto weakest point G , I can unequivocally say that if Motorola had spent a little more in this section would have the perfect terminal for 95 % of users . The poor quality offering will eliminate many users , reducing their market field .Storage as the fact often increase storage carries a price increase is very large and that why Motorola has sought to minimize this section. The lack of microSD slot already know that Google is signing , they want to consume in the cloud and to buy their products , then it should be remembered that its benefit is in services.Design : I usually like to put three paragraphs of each and maybe not find one , the design of Motorola Moto G is correct and is enhanced by its cover cases colors, but perhaps the quality of some finishes , buttons and even margins excessive - specific lower - make a good intention to remain in that, in intention , and not get out of being a simple design and a somewhat heavy terminal.

I just got the unlocked Moto G Global GSM 16gb dual sim phone from MobiCity.  The dual sim 16gb version was not listed on Amazon.  It's a brilliant phone.  I wanted dual sim because I travel in Europe quite a bit and wanted both USA and UK or France pay-as-you-go sims installed.  The dual sim feature works perfectly.  While the camera isn't great, I don't use the phone as a camera except in rare quick shot situations as I use a full feature Canon G16 for the majority of my photography.The display on the Moto G is outstanding.  The sound is plenty good enough.  Added my three ringtones that I like and am good to go.If you don't need more than 16 gb (about 12 gb of which is available) or a high end camera, this phone would be very tough to beat for the price (or at any price).I am not a heavy app or music user, so 16 gb is plenty for my needs.  I have loaded up the music and apps I want and still have about 7 gb remaining. Poweramp is my music app and Power Casts is my podcast player.  Use DuckGoGo app for searching - love it.  Added the Currency app, a Paris metro router, and a London tube router.  Data Enabler app and Quick Settings app are must have (for me).  Easy Voice Recorder app and GO Contacts app complete my app lineup.LOVE this phone.

I used to have a HTC one. But after I upgrade it to 4.4.2, the system crashed. I've to sent it back to factory for repairing. Since it may take more than two weeks, I have to get a temporary cellphone. I want to get a smart phone in a reasonable price. After searching the google, I found this one. Its specification is pretty good enough for a $199 phone. It works fast and smooth. The outlook is really nice.Although it also has some shortcomings. Such as, it can only work at 3G network, which is a little bit slow to some previous 4G user. The gap around the screen is a little bit big that it may be filled by dust. The rear cover fits pretty good with the body(it can be removed but normal user cannot change the battery.), but it is very easy to leave your fingerprint on the cover, which may influence the appearance.Over all, it matched my requirement for a smart phone and works very well.

Great phone when I use I have never tried feelings 'so cheap and powerful .i love ues no reason .

I'm a first time smart phone user, so I wanted something useful, but not complicated.  I Although it took a few days to get used to some of the features, I soon learned to customize and now it works great for me.  Battery life is good; camera is good enough. The only thing that bothers me is that it is difficult to find the  volume button on the side, especially with a case on.

Awesome phone, terrific, super fast, with the latest Android, nice features.Confortable size.Decent battery life.Android Kit KatLove it.

I love it!

We have IWireless, which stands for Iowa Wireless. We had a Samsung Nexus which we loved but after a year it wouldnt charge any more and the warranty was out. So we searched so many other cell phones like the sony Xperia L and T and just about everything else. This is the BEST cell phone right now for the bucks, I have read some reviews that this even stand up to the Iphone 5's right now. The only down fall is that the battery doesnt come out so you cannot take a spare for when your on the go for to long. But the cell phone is as advance as any andriod will get and we already have android kitkat on it. BUY THIS!

For the price this is all the phone you could want. It is my first smartphone and it's got everything I want and doesn't seem to be missing anything compared to my sister's iPhone5.Updated to 4.4 as soon as I turned it on. Screen is crisp and clear and responsive. Also bigger than I was expecting, but not oversized as some new ones are. The camera issues that people have mentioned aren't obvious to me. Hold it steady and it's a pretty decent picture.Other family members are now thinking of getting one instead of a new iPhone as it just does everything you could want.

I really like the phone EXCEPT it has limited wifi coverage and that was very important to me.  My wifi works very good at home, but at McDonalds and my public library and Starbucks, though it says connected and excellent power, I cannot open my apps like yahoo e-mail, the New York Times and others.

Not much to say. Its an excellent phone for the price, I would buy this model at U$200 over a U$700 iphone 5S any day.

Nice phone, great price,BUT...it has a major-league defect (much discussed on forums, which I wish I had consulted prior to buying this unit). The screen flickers maddeningly when making phone calls--so as you go to terminate a call, for example, the screen goes black, then comes on for a second, off again...and so on and on. Only way to end a call is to hit the screen-off button on the side of the phone. However, if you need to hit a number on the keypad whilst the call is active, you're outta luck.Maddening--no excuse for this. I'd return the phone but doubt reseller would take it back at this date.

It's a great phone.

Didn't buy from amazon but I still thought I'd contribute.The phone is very good,the speaker is pretty loud,it is cool and slender,a nice sized screen and takes pretty good selfies (If you like taking selfies,I enjoyed taking them) but besides the joking title I am thoroughly satisfied with my purchase,only problem I have is that you can't remove the battery yourself and because I'm strong and don't really know my strength that well with these types of things,when I try to remove the back shell I feel like I'm going to break it but the average person could probably feel the same.

I like Moto G.The price is reasonable to me.And it is easy to use.Moto G may be the last phone by Google.

Works great with my T-Mobile SIM. Solid 3G coverage wherever it is available, easy to hold, and great battery life. For the money, it is a very good unlocked phone with mostly stock Android.

Great phone! The camera is not the best but it's ok anyway. Extra 50gb in Google Drive suplies perfectly well the lack of the memory expansion card.

Buying a colored back shell is almost mandatory. With the bundled one the phone looks very dull, but with the white one I bought it looks classy and restrained. The phone itself is plenty fast and it works much better than my previous Galaxy Nexus. Motorola's intervention in Android is minimum and useful, the screen is good and the battery life is about 20hs with medium to heavy usage. I wish the camera was better, but it's not that bad either (it takes nicer pictures and it's faster than the Galaxy Nexus's). I really like the size too, not huge but spacious enough.

this phone is really nice. battery life is fantastic. I am not a heavy user, I mean, I do not watch videos all the time, but checking emails, texting, and making some phones calls in a day. I plugged out of charger yesterday morning, and by far it is almost 27 hours and the battery says it has 69% battery left. how amazing is thatttt.  I updates quickly to the latest version of android. its fast. the only thing it could be better is probably the screen size.  but so far, i love this phone.  and trust me, i change phone all the time. iphone, blackberry,LG android, Samsang Galaxy S3 and i have a Galaxy note that i have been trying to update.  But from all those experience from previous phones,  Moto G has been the best one. Especially the battery life.I would recommend to anybody who wants a cheap, but firm and nice phone.  :)  (if one do not like the phone, why bother writing so much here, right?)

Twin sixteen year olds give this phone 5 stars.Dad likes no contract and a good monthly plan at T-Mobile.

This is such a great phone. This price is perfect. The updates keep coming 4.4.4 now and it just works 24/7. The battery life is amazing and 3g is fast enough.

I am ver y happy with my phone, good price and excellent performance.

Phone is a very good model and specs are good for that price. But problem is with the loud speaker. Loud speaker volume is less than normal call volume. I thought that particular piece was having problem, so replace the phone with another new one. Same LOUDSPEAKER PROBLEM again. My wife got vexed and returned that phone as well.Called Motorola support before returning this piece they asked us to send this piece to them and they wont give any other phone till they return the phone to us. So it all sucks :)Cons: Loud speaker. Very very very low volume.

I picked one up from Verizon. I had to get on a prepaid plan. I had the Note 3 before. I have also had experience with I phone. This phone exceeds my expectations. For the price you will not find a better phone. And u get the kitkat upgrade. The only things I would like is an SD card slot. To me that's the only complaint. But you get cloud storage so that helps. Also the camera is only 5mp. Which gives OK pics. When ppl ask what phone I have I tell them moto g and they ask how much I paid, I asked them to guess and they say between $200 and $400. When I tell them it was $99 it blows their mind. So if u need a great cheap phone, this one is for you. Motorola/Google hit this nail on the head.

Nothing to envy TOP BRANDS THAT ARE IN THE MARKET YOUR PRICE AND QUALITY ARE TOGETHER A GOOD START FOR REBIRTH OF MOTOROLA'S NEW ON THE MARKET FOR SMARTPHONES

It does not have charger. What? I do not understand why

People with far more expensive phones (iPhone 5s , Samsung Galaxy S4 / S5, Nexus 5) have remarked how beautiful the screen resolution is on this budget smartphone. I say budget phone since it's priced like one, but it works (and feels) like a full-on premium smartphone. Sure the camera isn't the greatest, but it's not bad either. I also LOVE the fact that it's factory unlocked and un-branded, without any of the bloatware that comes with other smartphones that might be tied to carriers. Also, having micro-SD functionality means that I can drag and drop media files easily using a laptop or PC, without having to depend on cloud-based services, or media management software. Brilliant phone, overall. At the price it's being sold for, it can't be beat!

bought one for my wife. o boy was she pleased with it. works good. fast. makes an incredible pics. we managed to only get it going thru att.

This phone does all I need, at a price that I'm not afraid to carry around. It's sturdy (It fell out of my pocket on the bus, no damage), display is crisp. I upgraded to Kit Kat and am pleased with the usability. I would say you probably want to replace the camera app that comes with it with a better camera app.I have a no contract unlimited data plan for $70 a month from T-Mobile. Yeah, the camera is only 3G, but the speeds are good enough to stream Netflix movies.My three teenagers will be getting this phone.

Best phone you can get for $200.

I bought two of this cell phone, very beautiful, very fast, very comfortable and great especification. I recomend this cell phone.

Great phone works good on AT&T May not be 4g but down loads are real fast nice screen just a great phone for the price

One of the best phones on the market for the price.  Impressed with the speed and durability.  Often times I have more than 9 apps open at once and I do not notice any problems with performance.  Battery life is incredible for a smart phone.I will say that the camera is mediocre.  It does not possess many of the functions that other smart phones have.  i.e., auto-timer.  Front face camera is not the greatest however the back camera with HDR is not bad.I have had the phone now for about 8 months and I have not noticed any problems whatsoever.Well worth the price!

I've received the phone, and I believe it's exactly what I wanted.  A great value device that allows me to do the simple things I want in a phone.  I was attracted to the brand because Motorola scores high in durability tests, and I wanted a great value - a phone that was priced reasonably, and would last as long as possible.

love this phone, esp for the price!the phone is zippy and very practical. there's virtually no OEM bloatware which is great for performance and easy for motorola to keep up to date. the 1gb of ram is sufficient tho u need to do light memory management. the processor keeps up with if only a little behind last years flagships,(gaming on the 1.2ghz quadcore snapdragon 400 with the Adreno 305 gpu on board is great for games like Temple Run 2, and scales all the way up to the likes of Real Racing 3, which is very impressive) which are still around twice the price. the screen is beautiful and makes for a great little multimedia phone experience. the only place where the price is evident is in the camera, while completely competent, its nothing but. its okay for the occasional social network sharing, but even then your food porn shots wont look so great. when KitKat arrives the value of the phone will even increase with its low memory optimization. overall if you dont have to have the greatest but if want a handset that excels at being enough then you cant go wrong with the Moto G.Side Note- i completely recommend spending the extra 20 bucks got 16GB version.

Great back up phone/cheap replacementI use this whenever I am not using my nexus 4 or nexus 5. Just an overall great experience with fast software updates and awesome speed for the mid-range specs.

This is for this price one of the best phones you can buy at this momentsolid android 4.4 kitkat and quick phone

I saw reviews on youtube, blogs, etc it was fantastic, but since i holded it in my hand, wow, it was all true. It feels like a premium phone. Of course, the hardware won't make any miracles, but it's smooth as butter.

I love this phone it is great and works perfectly.  the price of 200 was perfect and i love it

Excellent quality

I can't find anything about it that would knock a star off this rating.Hardware buttons would have freed up some screen space but on-screen ones are a bit easier to use.No AC charger or earphones come with the phone, which is unusual, but keeps the price down, I guess.On the other hand, build quality is great. Screen is sufficiently large, bright and very pleasant to look at. The hardware keeps this phone running smoothly at all times. And, it's a joke what it costs.

I bought 2 for my parents.But it does't have Chinese language. I thought it is the &#34;global&#34; version!Going to return them. I am really disappointed. Moto, good job again.Alway ignore the details.

I have the moto x and now the moto g I love both of them and if you want a android get a moto g or moto x both grate smartphone and they are both really cool the look and everything is grate

This is my first android phone and am really liking it.  It is pretty simple for me to figure out and after I understood where all the power was being sucked by (google + and other apps I don't use), I'm able to go almost a full week on a single charge, which is a really nice plus.  I don't use the internet much, but when I have used it, the 3G is fast enough for me, it is as fast if not faster than wi-fi when I have used either.  No complaints from me about being slow.  It is also light and the curved back makes it feel more comfortable in my front pocket when compared to what I had before (samsung slide phone).  No complaints so far and have had it three months.

HTC, Samsung, sony... just learn from Motorola...Awesome phone!! loved it!!!Go for this without a thought....upgraded to latest android version....just fantastic!!

Mom bought as a gift for the new year. For her, this is the first experience with a smartphone. She is very happy!I'd add:Great design, decent performance and operation. Good value for money kachestav. Recommend for those to whom much of the smartphone is not necessary.

I got the 16GB global GSM version direct from Motorola instead of Amazon as they were shipping faster but here it goes anyway. The phone feels well built, of quality materials and it handles well (can almost be use one-handed). I would have preferred the power button on top but it still better than having it on the left.Pros- good quadcore processor handles tasks easily given the 1GB of RAM- not much fluff on top of Android4.3 and guaranteed update to 4.4- good looking screen with vibrant colors and great resolution/DPI- built-in FM radio (yes, I'm old-fashioned but it was a must for me)- camera is decent for a phone- LED is powerful enough and makes a good spot for using as flashlight- built in compass is fairly precise and does not jump around muchCons- no SD card (this is more of a fault to me since I like to put loads of music on my phone and thus only 4 star rating. You get ~12GB free with the 16GB version)- no 4G (I get 8Mbits/second in San Jose, CA using 3G though which is sufficient to watch Neflix without a hitch)Update to cons: the new LTE version of the MotoG fixes both these cons with the slight caveat that SD card capacity is limited to 32GB. I think 64GB should have been a minimum.Edit1: despite what the description says in San Jose, CA using T-mobile prepaid I am not limited to 2G service. Actually 3G speeds are quite good as noted above. More than enough for me.Edit2: reordered cons from my point of viewEdit3: as of 12/25/2013 firmware was updated to Android 4.4.2.Edit4: as of 06/07/2014 firmware was updated to Android 4.4.3.

Bought this to replace a phone. Great price is your looking for phone with decent power.Lacks censors for location/position, not talking GPS which it has, so don't expect features like 360 picture and things to work. And the usual no SD card slot.

good image the camera is good for video recording is quick good resolution .... the only thing is that it does not bring the headset to listen to music or the wall charger: (

I was so happy with the phone when I discovered 3 dead pixels in my Moto G. Unfortunally, I'm from Venezuela and I can't send the phone back to USA because it's too expensive.

i really need to know why the phone is not accepting me st.lucia sim card, its not reading it at all. am not able to use it now and i have spent money on it.

Its excellent, thank you. Thats it. The cellphone os very pretty, I don't hace more Word ti say. OK bye.

Great cell phone

Great value for its price. The best you can get.Overall it runs smoothly, the screen is great and the phone itself looks really good.The only thing I don't like is the FM Radio app which has only basic features, and you can't hear it by the speakers.

100% great, excellent motorola, everything was good !

First and foremost, this phone isn't a powerhouse. There isn't a single spec this phone has that isn't trumped by pretty much every major phone out there. That being said, if you want a smaller phone or even just a GREAT phone for the price, this may be the perfect phone for you.If you are coming from any modern flagship phone then the first thing you'll notice about this phone is it's size. 4.5 inches isn't a lot of phone anymore and is almost impossible to find outside the bargin-bin devices that makeup the prepaid lineup for most carriers, most of which are junk. For people with small hands (or small pockets) then this may be the ideal size to use. You won't be inviting friends over to watch the game on this phone, but short youtube videos are no problem.The button placement on this phone is decidedly budget. Both the volume and power keys are on the right side of the device and so that can take some getting used to, but both are easily adjusted too. It's a bit of a shame that there aren't dedicated home, back, and menu keys on this phone so we could use all the available screen real-estate (the Moto G uses software buttons), but more and more devices go this route so I can't really fault Motorola.The screen is very nice with good viewing angles and the colors really pop, especially when compared to other phones in this price range. It works well for reading or watching videos and the small screen really makes 720p look sharp.The camera is below-average, and especially in low-light this phone struggles to give nice images. They work in a pinch (especially in good lighting), but this is definitely an area where the budget price shows.The performance is more than adequate. When phones nowadays have more power than most people will ever use, this phone brings in just enough tech that you should be able to do anything the newest phones can do. All games and benchmarks play without a hitch, but some intense apps like high-end emulators (mainly PPSSPP) may not run as smoothly as the newest phones. Since this is such a specialized circumstance (and since even the highest-end phones can have issues on the same applications) I don't count it as a loss.Voice calls sound just as they should with the sound being clear on both sides of the call. VoLTE does make a difference if your carrier supports it.The battery is surprisingly generous, especially considering an average sized ~2000mah battery. A full-days use should be easy for most people, but heavier gamers may be reaching for a charger before the end of the day.This is probably the most &#34;average&#34; phone I've ever used, but the best part about it is how quickly the updates to the OS come. Expect this phone to be current for at least the next 1-2 major updates, more than most &#34;flagship&#34; phones can hope for. For the price this is the best phone you can get bar-none. You can save a bit if you don't want LTE and I do wish there was a 16GB option on this model, but this is the best definition of bang-for-the-buck.

Excellent phone especially for the price at the time. Only thing I wished it has at launch would be it including a micro sd card slot, removable battery, and possibly a gig more ram to help more multitasking.

I am loving this phone.I am a careless guy, who keep loosing phones.This is the best budget phone for people like me.

This is the best phone in this price range. It is very handy and comfortable to handle it. It is having quadcore processor and gorilla glass which add value to this phone. Processor speed is very descent while accessing internet and applications. I will suggest this phone to anyone.Thanks,Shrivaths

Really like the phones I ordered. They were here when I was told they would be, (actually a day early).

this phone is cheap,I Feel good&#12290;but verizon is cheaper  &#12290;last google company . 12/25/2013 firmware was updated to Android 4.4.2.

I purchased this phone in its global model to use in international travel as a supplement to my domestic US Verizon phone.  It is a great smart phone, well priced (I paid $199), and you can put in a domestic SIM card in whatever country you find yourself in.  I tried it in Mexico, using a SIM card purchased from Telcel, and it worked fine.  Its Android OS updated itself automatically to the latest version, and I was able to use several gmail accounts without any problems.  All the contacts from gmail were automatically carried over to the phone's contact list.  The camera was very good, and I was able to attach using USB to my laptop, and download all the photos that I took.  The only possible caveat is that it does not have a slot for a supplemental micro-SD card, so all apps and content have to fit in the 16GB (nominal) of memory.  Basically, it was a pleasure to use.

I've had this for about a month and after getting everything set up proper on it I must say it is a wonderful device. I was previously using an iPhone 4S and this feels a bit faster and the screen is a bit clearer. The battery life lasts about a day and a half with heavy use (WiFi, video, random google searches, phone calls, constant texting).The only complaint I have is that storage is limited, so if you love to load music up on your mobile devices then this might not be the phone for you. It is great for apps like Pandora, Soundcloud, and Spotify however because those are streaming services.I usually only pick up 3G speeds with T-Mobile's network, but it is still pretty fast.This phone handles all the basics of a modern day smartphone user, and it isn't loaded down with a bunch of crap software like the HTC phones. You can tell this phone was built for Android and I find it to be more and more intuitive each day.

very good phone, i in love with that phone very cheap and amasing, is faster, the only thing that i don't like is, sometimes when you use the camera it says error i don't why but i have two friends with this phone and they say the same error.. but the rest of the details are amasing...

The phone is a great phone. I can pick up signal in places I could not get it before. Phone has a good display. Just one problem. I bought the US GSM-Unlocked-16GB. You cannot unlock the bootloader on this phone. It says that this is an AT&T; phone  and when you try to unlock it message comes up on screen that it is not eligible for unlock. Of course you have to unlock the bootloader before you can root the phone. I bought the phone UNLOCKED. Why does it have the bootloader locked and it can"t be unlocked?Phone is Model #XT1034. Obviously it was made for ATT. Other than that, I LOVE the phone. Just wanted to root it.UPDATE: Was able to unlock bootloader and root phone. Just to make a GREAT phone better. Money well spent!!!!!!!

I had read a lot of reviews prior to purchasing this product.  Even after that I surprised at how resposive and full-featured a device it was for the price.  Since I am almost always on wifi, 3g is good enough for those rare times when I'm not.  As others have said this is not a cheap phone!  It's a very capable android phone, at an affordable price.

Good device, work very good from Venezuela.

Very poor WiFi connection!Can't connect to the internet through WiFi with this phone.Got a super fast internet connection at home and this phone gets the signal in full bar but once I try to download an app it just keep on loading and never downloaded anything, same thing when just trying to go to a certain website, it's loading non stop but never get through anything. Never had this problem with my previous phones which is way older than this one. I assumed that newer phones should be better than older ones, but not in this case. I already contacted the customer service and just waiting for the return authorization. My first negative review by far.

Put it on AT&T family shared value plan for $25.  I have a nexus 5, but was still impressed by this phone.  Small, but feels really nice.  Doesn't feel cheap at all.  And it has Kit Kat.  Can't go wrong.  No LTE, but she'll be on wifi more than anything else.

Value for the money is incredible. Apparently this is scheduled for Android L, which, if true, would add a lot more value to the purchase.Did I mention I got two of them and my wife is happy with her phone, too?

This is a great phone in looks and feel. Screen is clear and easy to see, not too big and not too small. Motorola utility for migrating your existing phone date to the Moto G worked great.

Love love love my phone. I've had it for 2 months now and the only issue I've had with it has been a problem with the networks. That's not the phone's fault.  If u do the research you'll see that a lot of people have had problems with the data in some way after activating with their network.  I was no exception.  I spent a combined total of 10 hours on the phone with Motorola, straight talk, and metro.  They all told me the sake thing and none of them seemed to believe me when I said I've done all of the trouble shooting before.  Each person, when I asked about the reports on line about things working by the next laundry period, tried to tell me that wasn't possible and that they had never heard of such a thing.  Well they were either all liars or they were all wrong. Because sure enough at the very stay of the next payment period the data was suddenly working perfectly. And now I'm absolutely in love with my phone. It just poised me off that I had to wait and that none of the companies had done any of their own research.

Good phone for the price. I'm issues minor issues with the tilt feature. Decent camera could be better . .

It has all the features I need for a lot less $$$ than the other high profile models.Great for people looking for a midrange phone.

Awesome!

I love this phone. is all I was looking for. good price. functioning. good camera. excellent display. It is very good for me. I highly recommend

For the price you cant beat this phone!!!! Its fast and has excellent screen. Really good quality and it has the upgrade to kitkat.

The phone is great, especially the IPS display, its great as iphone4s. But it still have some lag after i upgrade to 4.4

After some research,this is the best midrange Android cellphone available! works better than expected! great deal!i will get a second unit without hesitation. Just hope the new company owner(LENOVO) do not withdraw it from market!

I purchased this phone for the Global GSM capability about a month ago because I frequently travel outside the USA. The Global GSM is 3G but it is still very fast. Very easy to use, great screen resolution and fits in my back pocket comfortably. I use if for email, text plus some surfing and the battery lasts me all day. Most importantly it is not that expensive.

Great Specs for the price, good camera quality for a 5mp camera, phone is fast and responsive to the touch only p[problem is the no sd card slot but for this price its worth it1

i bought this phone when my HTC One had to be sent in for repairs.  The Moto G is is worth every penny !Pure Google Android ( Almost)Great DisplayGood Battery lifeYou cannot get anything better, for the price !

I choose this phone after letting the network providers limit me on all of my other phones. I bought it just before I went on vacation and found it much easier than the LG phone and the Samsung phones I used previously.  I like the slender style and the camera.It takes as good of pictures as my Canon. This phone is not &#34;touchy&#34; like my other ones have been and the features are very user-friendly.  The battery seems to last longer than the other phones too.  I have no regrets in choosing this phone.

This phone is amazing for the price, the camera is not top notch but you wouldn't belive how fluid this moto g is

This phone, especially for the price, is amazing. The screen is clear and extremely responsive. Android Kit-Kat is one of the most user-friendly OS's that I have used on a mobile device. The dual core processor is as fast as you need it to be - it's not top of the line, but has enough power to complete almost any task with ease.All in all, great buy and great product.

Product as good as advertised, arrived on time and in perfect condition. Mail notifications do not work very well though, or else they are late, but I believe that to be the phone's company's fault.

It shut down after having it for only a little over two months that's a lot of money to waste i am thankful that u are give a refund

I don't have 4G/LTE in my rural area so that was not an issue for purchase, I want(ed) the 32GB expandable memory. I keep getting a &#34;Removed SD Card&#34; error and it seems I am not alone. Come on Motorola, fix the SD problem or I will return the phone for a full refund.

We bought 3 of these phones and so far the experience has been great. At $180 unlocked, it's a steal.  The display at 4.5&#34; is huge for its price, the resolution is decent and the apps and web-pages load reasonably fast when on a Wi-Fi net.  3G speeds are okay (although that depends on the carrier as well - t-mobile in this case).  Sound quality is very good.  The only thing that feels wanting is the camera resolution, although it's decent at this price.Would have liked to give 4.5 stars if the system allowed it.

The phone works perfectly with movistar prepaid service and I do not think there is problem with ICE or Claro.Shipping only took 11 days in this Christmas season, I was very fast.My Moto G running Kit Kat 4.4.2 now, and yes, I am very, very happy.Price is very cheap (100-130 thousand &#34;colones&#34;).t is definitely a great buy!!! :-D

I ordered this product on april but did not recieve it until yesterday because I live in Venezuela and had to use an international mailing/locker company called Liberty Express. The package arrived as soon as the website said it would, to start a slow process of burocratic paperwork in the hands of the LibertyExpress people (who I MUST add delivered the package to me in splendid conditions and PERFECTLY sealed). As soon as I could get my hands on a USB Port, I hooked it up and got started on the phone's inicial registration process. The evening progressed fine and the device seemed to deliver every promise made by the companies who designed, manufactured, sponsored and sold the product; and so, I turned it off and went to sleep.What followed this morning was a shock.I woke up to a device that I could not turn on no matter how many times I pressed the &#34;Power Button&#34; or how many hours it spend plugged into a PC. After all attemps had failed, I had the phone checked at a cellphone tech place where they concluded there had to be something wrong with the phone's battery (which is &#34;not user friendly&#34;, had only been turned on once, not designed for users to remove themselves and ALSO not for sale in my country).Amazon, you suck.

I bought this phone for the reviewed use and speed.  I had a Straight talk LG on Verizon which was slow, but worked.  I have had this phone almost 2 weeks and get data sparingly on Straight Talk with T-Mobile.  It works mostly for phone calls when there are bars.  No bars are frequent in my area.Jane

Very Good equip, is gama mediun-high, but funtinonal as a gama high, is wonderfull celular, very thansk you to motorola and amazon

This is a great phone !  It's very fast (compared to my Moto Razr X).  The picture is very bright and the phone is very comfortable in my hand.  I highly recommend it.

Ok. I'll start this review by saying that i've read so many reviews and critics about this phone. So have you, I guess. But I'm writing this review after 2 weeks of hard core using this phone. This is what i think:1.- Camera: The camera is a good camera, better than any 5mp camera i've used. Nice perfomance at morning or high iluminated places. At night the perfomance is not that bad, it's true that it's not the same but the flash does its job. For social media: instagram, snapchat and all thoses it's just great :)  (With a 3rd part app like cymera the camera gets better) 6/10.2.- Battery: In these two weeks I've been playing Asphalt 8, reproducing music, using google now and chatting (WhatsApp and BBM) The autonomy of the battery has been &#34;enough&#34;. I mean, i'd like a bit more, but we're talking 4hrs of screen display while playing such a core game like Asphalt 8. I have not tried how many screen hours it lasts w/o playing or reproducing music. But I assure you that if you're not a hard core user you will get 7 screen hours and of course, even if you are, by the end of the day your phone will be still alive :) 8/10.3.- Perfomance: Can't complain. I can play any game I want, I can run as many apps as I want, I can switch from any app to another quickly and easily. I'm not giving a 10 just because sometimes when I'm playing Asphalt, if I recive a phone call, once it is finished, The game app restarts and that's normal, but it's something that Android Should improve and not Motorola. (It happens even with Galaxy s3) 9/10.4.- Design: I like the fact that they designed a space on the back cover so we can put our finger on it and it's very comfortable. But I don't like the frames. I think that there's an useless space on the lower one and I don't like it. But this phone is highly accurate on its designed. I mean, the back cover is curved so we don't have to neccesarily put the phone upside in order to listen to music. (I'm missing more colors on the notification LED)  8/10.5.- Others (Display, storage..) The Display is the best thing about this phone. It is beautiful 720p that with a 4.5&#34; screen gives us a high quality view that some 1080p screens dont give to us. Storage? 8gb are ENOUGH for me!  I mean, this phone supports OTG. I have Asphalt (1.5gb game) on the phone, and more apps like Subway Sufers, Whatsapp, bbm, youtube, snapchat, dolphin, cymera, mega, marca and more...) and lots of pictures and i still have 1gb remaining. You have 50gb free on Google Drive and if you don't like drive you also have mega for android that does almost the same thing with 50gb free too. Recording videos will take all your memory, so you should move then to a sd card and take advantage of the OTG support.  If you want more, go for the 16 gb version, but 8 gb (5.5) are enough if you know how to use them.  10/10Conclussions:There's no phone in the market better than this one comparing prices. It gives the perfomance of a high end phone and you pay for a low range phone. If you don't need the best camera ever you should buy this phone.Extra:Moto G has nano-coating so if the phone gets wet it will not die. (You don't believeme, do you?) Search on youtube, you will see :):)More?Yes! There's more. Buy the phone and you will see. Im very happy, happiest person in the word when i received my phone and it was actually more than I expected. As i Said. So many, I had read so many good reviews but it was even more than people said.

It is going to take me awhile to get used to all the new features of this smart phone but I think its a great phone so far.

I love this Motorola Moto GSM Unlocked phone.But I am not fully satisfied with its functional.The problem started almost a week after the purchase.Sometimes it cuts off and on a placed call. It doesn't happen always.I need to replace this phone please.Although the window of replacement or return is closed,I feel that in a  months time of purchase is a short period to purchase the same product.Please consider reversing this condition to a negotiating period.I believe we will come into agreement.Thank you and blessings with your business.

I have to confess - my previous smartphones have all been budget LG clunkers, so my bar is pretty low.  But this device has been charming to work with on several levels.  Well built, clean interface, stock Android 4.4.3, easy to unlock, root, and the like.  Oh and having it be carrier agnostic is so wonderful - I love being able to shop around and move between non-contract carriers.Wish it had a better camera, but hey.

I bought this phone to replace a galaxy S3 that I gave to my wife. I didn't want to spend too much but wanted a good experience and so far it has been great. Battery life is better than my galaxy S3, and it is more responsive.The screen is very sharp and crispThe size is small compare to my galaxy S3 but not as small as an iPhoneGood buy, hope other companies take notice and start improving on the budget area.Best Android phone under 200

El tama&ntilde;o del celular en si es muy como para manejar con una sola mano, incluso mi esposa que tiene la mano mas peque&ntilde;a le parece comodo.El sistema operativo que tiene es el 4.4.2, al momento de encender y configurar el celular ya estaba pidiendo la autorizacion para la ultima actualizacion de android.despues de usarlo por mas de 2 meses, el rendimeinto de la bateria sigue siendo igual, 24 horas aproximadamente, yo soy una persona que trabaja y no pasa todo el dia viendo facebook o twitter, las notificaciones de las aplicaciones fueron desconectadas para asi tener un buen rendimiento de la bateria.Le he descargado algunas que uso diariamente como:Any.doAvgCal: Any.doDropboxTouchpal X KeyboardTwiterFacebookUnit ConverterBatteryBot Battery Indicator (te muestra el porcentaje de la bateria)CamScannerCleanMaster (muy importante para eliminar archivos basuras y optimizar el rendimiento del celular)EvernoteFlirkAparte de tener estas aplicaciones y otras mas todavia tengo una memoria disponible de 9.GB. Yo compre el modelo de 16gb Global GSM. ya que con Digitel (Venezuela) la operadora trabaja con la frecuencia europea. el 3g funciona muy bien, es super rapido la descarga.el unico complain es que cuando el telefono celular esta con poca carga (9%) empieza a calentarse, no se por que. Lo que si recomiendo y es algo que he leido es no dejar que el telefono celular se descarge menos del 20% o completamente.The size of the cell itself is to handle with one hand , even my wife who has the smallest hand seems comfortable .The operating system you have is the 4.4.2 , when turned on and set the cellphone was already asking for the authorization last upgrade of android .after using it for more than 2 months the battery remains the same, about 24 hours, I not spend all day looking at facebook or twitter , notifications were disconnected to also have a good battery performance .I've downloaded some that I use daily as:Any.doAvgCal: Any.doDropboxTouchPal Keyboard XTwiterFacebookUnit ConverterBatteryBot Battery Indicator ( shows you the percentage of battery )CamScannerCleanmaster (very important to remove garbage files and optimize the performance of the cell )EvernoteFlirkAside from having these applications and others still have more memory available 9.GB. I bought the 16gb model Global GSM . because with Digitel ( Venezuela ) operator works with European frequency. 3g works great, is super fast download.the only complain is that when the cell phone is lightly loaded (9 % ) begins to heat , do not know why . What I do recommend it and is something I've read is to not let the cell phone is less than 20% or download completely the battery.

SMART PHONE THIS DESERVES 5 STARS OR MORE AS MY EXPECTANCY MEETS DAILY USE, ALL THE PEOPLE WHO LIKES A PHONE WITH A SIMPLE AND MODERATE SIZE YOU RECOMMEND THIS SMART PHONE MOTOROLA MOTO G.

Even though the configuration on paper looks average but it is much better than that. Performance is good so far.

Great holdover phone for when you break your phone 6 months from upgrade. Very capable phone that acts faster than the specs, but realize you will have to add apps to make it more like a carrier phone with all their add-ons. This is just a plain phone great off the line, easy to app-up and will not disappoint if worried about speed.

It's a Great value! Some Motorola bloatware. Not a lot. I actually recommend the Google Play version of this phone.

Over the past year I've used the Nexus 4, Nokia Lumia 520, and Nexus 5. I'm a light user and don't care much for many of the various technical aspects. All I care about is a great experience.Pros:1. Snappy and smooth. Not quite as buttery as the Nexus 5, which has been the smoothest experience I've had (this is in part probably due to the 5 having KitKat), but not far from it. Very close to the Nexus 4.2. Great form factor. Fits in my pocket well, and I can reach everything with my thumb, unlike the Nexus 4 and 5, where I'd have to use two hands, or constantly reposition the phone.3. Simple, good looks.4. Has a quality feel. I'm also not as worried about it being brittle like the Nexus 4.5. Battery has been more than sufficient.Cons:1. It has a definite heft to it and is a bit thick. It does give the feeling of quality, but I find it a bit too heavy.2. It can be a bit slippery. The Nexus 5 back texture is perfect.3. I'm not sure whether it's the hardware or the software, but the screen is sometimes a bit unresponsive to light swipes. For example, I like to use very light, quick swipes when scrolling down my Pinterest page. Sometimes on this phone the page simply won't move unless enough pressure is applied. The Nexus 4/5 didn't have this issue. Again, maybe it's the phone per se, or Jelly Bean. Either way, it's a bit irksome at times.4. Power and volume buttons are a bit cheap feeling.At $179, it's an easy 5/5. Overall, the phone provides a fantastic experience.

After reading the reviews on this phone, thought give it a try. I was looking for my first android phone, but didn't want to spend anything above $200. As soon as the phone arrived, I powered it up. It has some getting use to if new to android OS. The phone navigation is good and the battery life is above average for android device. The phone has a nice feel to it and it is the right size to put in the pocket. Overall I'm satisfied with the purchase - right phone at right price for budget conscious person.

High quality materials and assembly. Good performance for those who don't need supa-dupa high-end and ideal cost. The only negative thing - not very high battery capacity. My Incredible S has lesser capacity but longer life on same OS (4.4).

is very practical, with good technology and is perfect for those who like to work on touch screens size. night camera is not very good but if day.

it suitable for people who don't play game a lot and need not very high quality (iPhone class) of camera.

I purchased this unlocked phone for my mother to use on her Consumer Cellular service. It was her first smartphone. For the price, it is unbeatable; easy to use and easy to see.  We've had no problems or issues with either the phone or the service provider.I'll be buying one for myself, as a replacement for one that I inadvertently broke.

My new smartphone has met all my expectationsI have loved their aesthetic as well as its operationIn the future I will come back to buy motorola smartphones

This excellent unlocked Moto G LTE Phone has surpassed my expectations! Before I purchased this phone on Amazon, I had a much larger phone the Samsung Galaxy Grand (5 inch display), which was just too large and heavy etc. This Moto G LTE phone is just the right size, not too large or too small! For you the reader, my goal here is to give you everyday and practical uses regarding this phone.PROS:+ Built in slip proof cover - In a sense, the slip proof cover is built into the phone and it so attractive and anti slip on the front and on the back that I did not need to purchase an additional cover to start using the phone. However, I purchased on Amazon a slim cover and a genuine Moto back in a Pinkish Purple and this keeps the phone protected and anti slip etc.+ Screen Resolution - VERY CLEAR! The colors are vivid and the fonts, icons are very clear. Even though this is a  4.5 inch screen, when I view pages on the internet, the text is clear and pictures very clear and colorful! For me, I can read everything well without my reading glasses.-+ Kit Kat / Pure Android Experience - Since this has the pure Android with no overlays over it, and just the essential apps installed, this is a leaner phone that uses much less memory and battery than the ones that have those overlays and are not straight Android! This means that Kit Kat OS runs better and faster also I have found. I know as I own two Samsung tablets with Kit Kat that I love, but they have bloat ware on them, this phone does not).+ EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD -  For me, I added a 32GB SD card. However, there are those who add a 64gb SD card, and I have heard that these work in this phone. And for the newer updates and new apps that are Kit Kit approved/Kit Kat ready, I was able to move them over to the SD card to save space.+ WiFi Connecting/Speed of WiFi - Very, very fast--in fact in the back of my home, I still get 4.5 bars of WiFi signal on this phone! This I tested using my home router and on the go at many hotspots with WiFi. . Other hotspots: No problems at all connecting and staying connected on these. And I found the speed still high at home with several devices connected to the router, no loss in speed. **Note that I had other phones before this one and for me, none gave me the quick connect and overall speed as this one!+ Internet & Webpage & Video Viewing - The Chrome browser does a great job, however, I use Maxthon Browser with great internet viewing results and it renders webpages quite fast for me.+ LTE is amazing! For me, I use AT&T; and I have noticed that the LTE data is super fast loading webpages, opening emails on this phone --- it is so much faster than in my last phone with just t 3G on it, I can really tell the difference.+  Office Program with the phone - Found it to be OK, but I went to the Playstore and installed Docs to Go (which lets me edit, save, view in MS Office types and also view PDF files). There is also a MS Office App (free) in the Playstore.+ Music Player - This phone comes with Google Player installed and I like it OK. It does play music that is stored on my external SD card nicely and saves new Playlists OK (and Google Player also plays music from the Cloud). However, let me suggest RocketPlayer (free) from the Playstore. I like it because my music is on my external SD card and it plays it in playlists or from my folders etc. I have already created my playlists on it and the sound is superb!+ Home Videos - The stock video player is OK and plays MOST home videos, however, may I suggest QQ Player (Free App from Playstore and the ONLY one I recommend as it plays every home video I tried).+ Battery Life- Excellent and the best I have found yet! Since this phone does NOT come with lots of bloatware and useless apps, this helps the memory to run better and the battery last longer! In fact, I have gotten a day and a half of battery use (I turn off WiFi when I am off the internet or email etc).  However, I run my brightness at 100%. So on an average day, I get at least a full day with about 15 percent left (sometimes more) and then I charge it overnight.+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.+ OTG - The micro USB port on this phone is OTG (On the Go) compatible, this means that if you order a OTG Adapter Cable, then you can place a flash drive, USB Mouse and more into this phone. For me, I have been able to place my 32GB Flash drive in this adapter and easily copy files from this phone to my flash drive!+  Peppy and fast - Found the response on this phone to be very peppy and fast, no lagging!+ 5MP Camera - For a 5MP, actually I found that my pictures came out clearer and better when I did this:-  I DO NOT USE the AUTO setting, just the flash or no flash and my pictures come out better now. My outdoor pictures I do not take in bright, bright sunlight, I take in shade and my pictures come out better. However, for more serious and highly detailed picture taking, I like to use my regular digital camera.+ File Manager - I went to the Playstore and found Astro File Manager, it is easy to find my files on my SD External card and also on the phone. Liked it so much, I bought the AD FREE version!**Notes regarding the camera: I found that if I leave my flash either on or off (and do not set to AUTO), the pictures have come out so much better now (clearer with better color etc). I took some outdoor shots and indoor shots after this and found that my pictures really looked nice!CONS:- New Adobe Flash is not supported; however, I found that archived flash (which I installed) gets some online videos to play. So I downloaded the older archived flash which gives me the ability to view many internet videos (I use Maxthon Browser and have had good results, however, I could not get Amazon videos to play).Bottom line: Would I buy this phone over again? Yes I certainly would buy this exceptional phone all over again. If you are looking for a easy to use and reasonably priced Android smartphone that has wonderful battery life, let me suggest this phone to you. Also, since I am a techie person, I will be happy to answer any questions you may have through the comment section.

Moto G was, and still is something extraordinary made up by Google (although Motorola is now a Lenovo company). It's quite affordable for its specs, and the ONLY flaw is that it does not offer microSD storage, and we all know that 8GB is not enough for our daily use. But then, you get what you pay for, and in this case, we're getting far more than what we should. The quad-core processor and 1GB of RAM doesn't allow this phone to run slowly, not only that but its nexus-like android allows it to be updated almost as quickly as the nexus flagships (that is, assuming you're not buying a carrier phone bloated with their custom stuff, unlocked ALWAYS get updated quicker)Its camera is very good for the price, even though it could have a little more options on it. Maybe I'm asking too much, but since I've fallen in love with the camera app for the 1020 I saw with a friend, I seek stuff like that in other phones.As for game performance, well, its Adreno 305 GPU paired with the quad-core processor (for all that matters, it's a Snapdragon) and 1GB RAM makes it a good gaming device. My sisters play Ice Age Village and Minion Rush and got nothing to complain.It is a solid phone, by far it's the best on its price range, and if you won't mind waiting, in a few weeks the LTE version WITH SD STORAGE will be released, and then Lenovo will &#34;cure&#34; the only bad thing about this phone.

nice phone

Great deal on a smart phone that doesEverything I need!

I liked the phone, got automatically upgraded the new android OS (kitkat)The audio quality for music is the only deceit

For me it is the best smartphone according to price and quality. I am happy  with it  besides is is simple to use.

Excellent phone for the price, really smooth with android 4.4 kitkat, and works nice with my provider Movilnet in Venezuela...

I purchased this for my mother to replace her aging iphone, and she loves it. its the perfect size not too big nor to small. The phone actually performs well and the battery life is as listed. Good phone if you are looking to go off contract and don't care about 4g

Amazing phone. I'm really happy with it. The great experience and the the low cost make it the best Iphone ti buy rigth now. More than any Iphone, samsung or sony

Durable phone, camera is decent, but stability control should have been fixed. Not terrible, but compared to the higher-end phones you will notice that. No NFC, and No 4G LTE.  also ** Make sure you get a Micro-Sim Card before this arrives because nano is way too small and regular is way too big. **It has BT4.0 so it will work with the heart rate monitors or a pebble if you have it .Battery life is great , and this does have Pure Android 4.4.2 &#34;Nexus Android&#34; which allows you to set up a hot spot and is really well integrated with Android/Google.Though it is KitKat Android, the &#34;ok google&#34; feature does not work from the home screen with this software... However, during my 15 hours of usage I was running OpenMic+ which allows you to launch, Google's Voice Search/Commands from anywhere.I am very satisfied with this phone, very fast and smooth... Probably because android kitkat is a smaller size.It does NOT come with a charging hub, only the micro USB cable, so make sure you have a computer or hub to plug it into.The call quality is good, but I had some issues with sending messages via google voice, when using voice actions.... it kept trying to send from my sms without giving me an option for voice.Also, it does NOT have the Google Now home screen page when you slide all the way to the left.It is a black cover, in case it doesn't say it on here...Get it, No buyers remorse and the US version is required to use with T-mobiles 3G .... so that's a thing, but T-mobile has options for global usuage included in the plans.

great phone might just get oe for the ehole family really enjoy this phone and just great at the prie yu cant beat taht

For the money it can't be beat have the 16gb and when I show pics or vids everyone always asks &#34;what phone is that?&#34;  I'm satisfied and you'll be too.

Pro:Great cell phone, considering quality/price.Using the save energy in mode on, the battery life is around 36 hsCons:Using the save battery in mode off, the battery life is around of 18 hs.

This is one of the smoothest Android devices I've used. Everything about it is better than what I feel like I paid for it.

this phone performs up to expectation but sadly the sale of motorola mobility to lenovo might just kill off those who conceive this phone!!

Great screen, great sound, great build, great powerful processor for an enjoyable fluid android user experience... all for a great price.

Pros:- Smooth smooth smooth phone, not what you'd expect from a budget phone.- Fits nicely in hand.- &#34;Moto Migrate&#34; makes it easy to transfer apps and data from your previous phone.Cons:- Screen dimmer than average.- No way to remove the &#34;Google search bar&#34; on top of home screen.- Phone back cover could be a bit slippery.- Camera image quality below average.There's also a couple of dead pixels on my screen. Tried various apps from the Play Store and can't fix it. I am returning the phone. Will buy again when it drops to $99 or less.

Hi all,Never post but this situation has been enough to drive most crazy. Bought a moto g from amazon beginning of January. Phone came not sealed in box, screen protector had bubbles, and there were fingerprints on back. I figured I would use it anyway, my bad, and 30 days later it wasn't charging. Sent it to motorola for fixing, after 10 business day they just said to buy another from Amazon and they would reimburse me.I bought another moto g form Amazon a few days ago. Got my phone in the mail and the same thing: box not sealed, bubbles with dust specs on screen, and fingerprints on back. This time I'm not using it and will send it back. Phone was  good for price if amazon would actually ship me one I could trust and dialing with motorola wasn't a hassle.

This is my first motorola, and it really impressed me. I've used lots of android phones and iPhones, and this one has the highest cost performance.Compare to iphone 5, the battery life is longer and the screen is as good as retina. Also, the overall performance is great the system optimization is good. From my own small test, the fluency of playing Real Racing 3 is even a little bit faster than iPhone 5, almost the same as my friend's 5s. This really shocked me!!! However, the camera is the weakness of Moto G, the quality of photos is not good due to the 5 MP cam, and the video quality is also bad. Considering its low price for only 200 bucks, i think it's acceptable.Compare to Sony Xperia Z, Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and HTC One X that are three android phones i've used for long time. Surprisingly, Moto G has the best fluency among the other three android phones and the performance is also great, maybe it's because Moto G is running the latest android 4.4. Battery life is much better than one x and xperia z and it's close to note 2.Moreover, there is a drawback of Moto G, the charging speed is really low. From 20 to 100%, it takes nearly 4 hours!!! That's double time of iPhone.One more thing.. Don't be hesitate to choose between 8GB & 16GB, $20 give ur much more space.

It's a good cheap phone.  The battery back up is good. I didn't feel short of processing power. Over all a phone worth the buck.

Have this phone over 6month. A+++ ultrafast/superb battery life.

Both my wife and I own Nexus 4 and we got a Moto G for our nephew just a few weeks ago, so this review will mostly compare the Moto G againts the Nexus 4.The short story is: If the Moto G would be in existence by the time we got our Nexus 4 about a year ago, I would definitely preferred the Moto G over the Nexus 4. The reason: it's price.DESIGNThe Moto G design, although a little thicker than the Nexus 4, it's absolutely beautiful. Most $200 Android phones feel &#34;cheap&#34; but this is not the case. Materials are great and the curved back it's really great to hold. Buttons (volume rocker and on/off) do a satisfying &#34;click&#34; when they are pressed.Its screen it's a little smaller than the Nexus 4, but that's precisely a plus for me: I have regular-to-small hands and I can't completely reach the other side of the screen with my thumb when holding the Nexus 4. The Moto G feels a lot better in my hand and has a screen big enough to comfortably browse the web, read a book or watch a show.BATTERY LIFE AND PERFORMANCECompared to the Nexus 4, the Moto G battery life is WAY MUCH BETTER: With the Nexus 4, I need to charge my phone every night and sometimes even charging it a little bit via USB while at the office. The Moto G battery can easily reach 2 days without a charge... of course, this depends on how much do you use it, but I'm talking about &#34;normal&#34; use.About the performance, the Moto G does a really impresive job, almost as fast as the Nexus 4 (they both have Quad Core processors, but the Nexus 4 has +1GB RAM). You won't feel any lag, at all, while using this phone.CAMERAFirst, let's be clear about something: both the Nexus 4 and the Moto G have &#34;regular&#34; cameras. They do not have top-notch cameras as other phones. But on the other hand, they are also two of the cheapest (and better built) Android phones in the market. This phones have cameras good enough for everyday use. If you need a really, really, good camera, you could just pay more than three times the price of a Moto G in order to get an iPhone 5S or something like that.That said: The only thing I would prefer of my Nexus 4, it's the camera, which has more manual settings and a better interface than the Moto G. That doesn't mean the Moto G camera is not good: if I had a Moto G, I would definitely and happily live with that camera.PRICEDid I say it already? This phone has the price that a smartphone should have, accesible and proportional to a piece of hardware that we carry in our pockets, everyday, that we can easily drop and brake, and at the end, it will go obsolete and won't be up to date with for the software specs in about 18 to 24 months.If you need a good Android phone that works fast, but you don't have a large bufget to expend, this is definitely your best choice.

Good phone nice screen updated to KitKat on first bootFeels good in hand not too heavyVery happy with it

Nice kit. Could do with better instructions as to use as was difficult to understand small info package.

good is not enough, is fast compared to s3, this phone is a ferrari, the camera to be 5. mp takes exelentes photo and price is best really Motorolo always give that talk, buy a bike g 16 gb personally pieso that 8 is short but happy with my purchase buy two gift

For Russia is very interesing model. It is raser rare in this country and so is original!Phone has wondeful look and feel, saturating display. But camera is just ok.NOTE FOR RUSSIAN CUSTOMERSFor some Russian network operators there is a big promlem with emergency alerts (dummy empty system notification message) on EDGE connection, it is a real trouble on MTS where it appears up to 100 times in a minute. Complicating procedure of rooting and removing this dummy service only helps. Instructions are on 4 pda.

This is one of the best phones I have ever had! Fast, smooth, beautiful! Battery life is amazing.What can i say more? You can't go wrong on this buy.

3 stars is harsh, but my phone did not come with 4.4.4 as advertised, and I bought the SD card that Amazon recommended, and it doesn't work on this phone.Otherwise, a good phone, but with 2 big disappointments.Note: I realize 4.4.4 is causing issues, but it's supposed to fix the SD issue.

I echo some of the other reviews; this is a budget phone. That being said you will be lucky to find a used phone at this price that performs this well, with a guaranteed upgrade to kitkat. My daily stateside phone is a LG G2, which I am extremely happy with, but two previous were Motorolas (OG Droid and Bionic). I have spent the last week overseas using the Moto G, and it had exceeded expectations. More than all day battery life (even with heavy GPS/Google maps usage around an unfamiliar city), processor has been plenty quick (even compared to the Snapdragon 800 in my G2), solid voice and 3G performance, stock Android, great size and form factor. Only thing wish it had was wireless charging. I have quickly grown accustomed to that.  For my not-so-infrequent overseas trips, very pleased with my choice... Now just waiting for delivery of the Moto Flip cover. Seem to all be back ordered.Bought a Blu Dash 4.0 last year for same overseas need and it proved dreadful; never connected to 3G, zero customer service. For just a bit more, this phone is light years ahead. The Moto G almost makes me wish I bought a Droid Maxx or X instead of the G2 for my normal at home phone.

An incredible phone for a very reasonable price.The build quality is outstanding and all the apps I use run flawlessly.

The size and weight make this phone interestingly portable and comfortable to use.And the most important is its impressive specification for a low cost

Great phone. Great battery life. Gorgeous screen. Nice fit. Value for money.. Moto should continue making great phone like this..

I love my new phone! It was somewhat difficult to root, but it was worth it. The camera is not the best, but the price, screen size, performance, speed and weight are the best you can get for this price.

No Lag. Very Smooth. Does the basics well which is important. Got Kitkat Update as soon as I put on the device

This phone is excellent, very fast, does everything that I need it to do, good memory and space, I just love it!

It works well. I went from a 4g phone to this 3g and noticed no difference. Speaker volume goes louder than previous phones I have owned. Battery also lasts longer. I have only been using it a couple weeks. So far I am very happy with it.

This is a very good smartphone. The operating system is set up a bit differently from the Samsung Galaxy, so it took a while for me to get used to the selection buttons and settings. My Samsung Galaxy Note II smartphone charger (output 5 volts and 2 amps) worked very well charging the non-removable battery. In fact, my Kindle charger would have worked as well. My Galaxy S4 Mini headset worked fine with the Moto G. My Note II headset probably would work as well. I mention these items because the Moto G only comes with a USB cable; no charger/converter and no headset which was not a problem for me.I really appreciated the way Amazon packaged this order with another order in a very compact recyclable package and shipped it by U.S. Postal Service. I wish more sellers would stop using UPS because of their very erratic delivery times for my street.

More then i expected, is a very very good phone, runs so fast, never gets lag and incredible android stock.

its soooo goood the price is even better omg this phone feels better than my htc one, jus which it had more memory

Device is beautiful to look at and hold. It's fast enough and the screen is good enough. 5 stars for value and 4 stars for quality.

very nice!!! is good smartphone!!!

Bought this as a replacement phone for my daughter. She love the features, the cam and so far like the other reviews... this is the best and cheapest smartphone available in the market today.

Like the Moto X line but below the Nexus, this would be the best option of purchase due to the performance and the low value of the product.

For the price you pay is the best phone you can get, very dinamic I bought it for my mom but now I want one.

simply it is the best unlocked phone for 199.99$.what are you waiting for order it if you want great phone for great price

for $199 16GB version no-contract phonethis thing is awesome.It has excellent build quality, the screen is small compared to those 5&#34; phones, but that is not a con.Phone feels great in the hand.HSPA+ is fast enough not to make me miss LTE. I was averaging 12Mbps, not bad.phone was responsive/snappy.This phone will be even better once the modding folks get their hands on it.This is a phone you can't go wrong purchasing.I would recommend that people buy the 16GB version.

This phone has been the MOST stable with the least amount of Lockup's I have experienced with Android to date. Buy this from knowing i have like twelve program's(App's) running at once without any hiccups.

Great budget phone. Good specicication (enough), very good screen (quality, brightness), performance and otpimisation and the newest release of Android of course (4.4.4 for now).Quality of photo module could be better.

Google seems insistent to not include SD card slots in their own branded devices.This is a deal killer for me, and why I will never purchase a Nexus or this phone.I like to be able to use my phone to store large music collections to listen to as well as large photo collections to share on the go. As well as many other reasons I want the extra storage capacity.This is an insane design decision in my opinion, and despite everything else that is great about these products, this is a fatal flaw that will prevent me from ever being a user of their products.

This the best budget phone recently.  It's provided with great display, smooth UI, good talking quality.  Go get it for yourself.

*Reviewed after 3 months of useI picked this phone up so that I could finally ditch AT&T.; I was paying $75 a month (normally $100, but I got a dicounted rate from work. $100/mo for cell service is just nutty) for spotty data covereage, minutes I didnt use, unlimited texting which doesn't cost the carrier a dime, and on top of all that the annoying "2 year agreements."So, I did some research and asked some friends and I settled on this phone as my best option. I'll list the pros and cons below:PROS:-It's cheap, at least relatively speaking. All these 4,5,6,7 hundred dollar phones are ridiculous and companies are nuts if they think I'm gonna drop that much on a phone.-Good size, slightly bigger than your average iPhone, but not as huge as many other phones on the market.-Decent battery life if you tweak some of the settings like screen brightness and turn the data connection off when its not in use. I get about 24+ hours on average, sometimes more if I dont use the phone too much.-Charges VERY fast! About an hour.-Comes with the newest version of Android. I know thats important to a lot of people. I didnt really care too much since I dont use my phone for much else other than email and paying my bills with their respective apps.-Its unlocked, meaning you can throw any (compatible) carriers sim card in it. So if you're looking to upgrade your phone or need to replace one without signing another BS contract, then this makes it easy. Also good for those, like me, who went for an off contract plan.CONS:-Coming from an HTC ONE X, this phone has a slower response time and tends to bog down when too many things are happening at once.-Widget system isnt as robust and is missing a couple that were existent on my HTC, namely weather and data widgets. (there is a way to set a widget for data, but it takes you through the setting menu and requires too many taps instead of just "on/off")-Fastest data speeds are 3G. Not the end of the world, but noticeable if you're on the internet or apps frequently.Overall:I'd say I "like" this phone and it does what I need it to do. It's a cheap way to have an unlocked smartphone. Im saving HUGE amounts of money by switching to a prepaid plan and I was sick of AT&T; syphoning cash out of my bank account. Check it out if you're not looking to have "the latest and greatest" tech and just need something to get you online and using some basic apps.

The one I got from Amazon has some issues, freezing, some apps would not load, so I returned it.  I had also bought the same phone directly from the Moto website and this one seems to work pretty damn good.  It't not perfect, sometimes a little slow coming out of games like Dead Trigger 2 but for the price it's great.  The new LTE on this phone was worth the wait, it's really fast!!!

I never have been imagined that it could be a so wonderful headphone in this cheap price.Moto is still one of the best companies over the world.

Compares favorably to my Google Nexus 4. A little fatter, a little heavier, but broadly similar in size and specs.

This phone will not maintain a good connection with the SIM card and therefore loses all connection to a network.  It has been handled with care, covered with a case, and regularly updated and charged.  But it repeatedly loses connection with the SIM card and becomes inoperable.  Forums on the web have reported that it has been addressed with a firmware update, however, none of the updates have addressed the problem.  The only way to fix it is to take off the back, plug and replug (usually multiple times), boot and reboot (again usually multiple times), and then eventually it will come back.  It was a gift that was ordered in advance of it being used, and now, the window for return is passed.  So frustrating.

Very Good Phone for the price, but wish it comes with a Micro SD slot for additional storage and a much larger screen.

I purchase this phone for an upgrade from a Galaxy nexus.The screen has great colors, at least at the moment after almost 3 months of use it hasnt given me any problem about being slow or anything it receive the upgrade to kitkat just as i started the phone.Just a recommendation if you purchase this consider that it uses a micro sim card so you will need to either cut the one you have or request another one from your carrier.And for international customers i live in El Salvador and this has work excellent with Tigo and i also tested it with Movistar.

This was a mothers day gift for my mother.She is not the most tech savy but she does know how to work a smartphone and plays plenty of games.She enjoys the device and uses it everyday.The camera could be better but its ok for quick uses.

Excelente!!!

It works great, is fast, powerful, have excellent benefits which can be used very smoothly ... highly recommended if you need a good phone at a low price.

very good!

Cheap, and fast smartphone, worth each dollar.Really bright screen at direct sunlight.it's a must to buy device .

Great Upgrade from the Huawei Prism 2. My previous phone could not multitask if I tried it would just be really slow. I tried playing deer hunter it would just lag like you wouldn't believe. The Moto G is not an iPhone but it is a smartphone. Fast, sleek, small but a bigger display than the Prism 2. However, as this phone was an AMAZING deal they did have to cut corners and can mainly be seen in the camera. Grainy and doesnt take in a lot of light, and I can already tell night shots will not be great. If you want a camera that is reliable and takes great quality photos, this phone is not for you. The phone overall is great and you cannot beat the price.

Good cheap phone, great build quality and operating system as it is running the latest and greatest of android, kitkat.Despite the box looking worn out the phone came in superb condition

Really wasn't expecting much for under $200 without a contract but it surpasses my expectations. I bought a T-mobile micro sim card for this. I only use their $100 Pay-As-You-Go plan since I use a Jetpack through Millenicom's 20gb plan which uses Verizon's 4G LTE network that is connected via Wi-fi among my devices. I don't talk much, but when I do I use T-mobile when its important and Voip via Groove IP most other times so I can probably stretch the $100 for T-mobile a year if I wanted to. I only got T-mobile as backup. I also use Google Voice for text messaging since that uses my data also.I'm really happy with this. I originally was thinking about buying a iPod Touch and converting into a Voip, but found this phone instead. What a great phone for the price.

I purchased this phone a few days after my Galaxy S3 died on me. I had heard great reviews about the phone prior to purchase, but I was nervous about the price tag and any sacrifices Motorola had to make to get this price.It only took a day to remove any doubt from my mind.First off, I love the low clutter vanilla experience this phone offers. There isn't a custom motorola launcher or many (Only 3 apps) pre installed motorola applications. I received the update to 4.4 Kit-Kat almost immediately upon getting the phone, which only improved my already great experience with the phone.Second, The battery is phenomenal. Constantly I can go 2 days with &#34;normal&#34; use without a charge, something my galaxy couldn't do. I never have to worry about the battery being drained at the end of the day. (I will say though I'm not necessarily a heavy phone user, but my Galaxy S3 would die by the end of the day with my usage of it, while this phone lasts easily 1.5 times as long)Third, the phone build is great. I have dropped in multiple times without a case, and have yet to experience any damage to the screen and only have minimal damage to the side of the phone. The general feel of the phone is nice too, the screen, at around 4 inches, feels big enough to read and type on, but not too big to feel awkward while typing and doing any phone tasks.The one thing I can't testify to is how well the phone does in games or intense tasks. I only use the phone for web browsing and texting, if you are playing good graphic games or anything that requires a lot of power, then you might experience the drawbacks of a lower tier processor.All in all. Great phone and I would recommend or purchase again in a heartbeat.

My previous phone was a HTC G2 that was about 3ish years old. This thing is light years ahead. I was worried about compatability with my network (tmobile) but it works flawlessly. I was also worried that not having 4G Internet speed would be an issue but so far I haven't noticed any difference. Even with speed test app it is still very fast. FYI this phone can be used to create a mobile hotspot. I had to cut down my SIM card to fit this phone. There are directions online how to this and it was not hard to do. I purchased a cheap rubber case for it because the phone is super slippery. I would definetly order something like this with the phone because you'll end up dropping it if you don't.Using the free Motorola app I was able to transfer all of my old phones info including photos to my new phone. Except some of my contacts didn't transfer. Luckily I used an online back up with my old phone so I just installed it on my new one and it automatically restored them. Would have been a major pain if I hadn't done this.Sound quality is a 9Camera is an 8Battery life is a 9 (so much better than my old phone)Design is a 8 (would be a 10 but the phone is very slippery and it's hard to tell which end is up on it)Value 10+I really can't see any reason why this wouldn't be all the phone someone needed. For 200 bucks and no need to extend my contract for 3 years I think this phone is an amazing value. Unless you just have to have the latest and greatest or are a brand hog or have sold your soul to the apple gods :) this phone is the one for you.

With all the hype of Samsung,and iphone Motorlla still has some farely decent phones.This one is a cute little deviceNothing very fancy about it but  overall good value for money.The browser is fine the 16 gigs a bonus and call quality fair.

I am very disappointed with this device which I bought for a trip to China. When I plugged the device in it wouldn't charge . I never got to use it once! Being in China it was impossible to exchange it for a replacement. Now of course upon my return to America four weeks later I find I am stuck with this brand new phone that won't charge. Someone at Amazon let me know what I can do about this situation. Thanks

Camera quality on about par with the iPhone 4.The phone works and fits the niche of a decent quality unlocked phone for a reasonable price.

the phone works as spected, its fast, responsive, play almost every game and has a great display with high pixel density.  The camera lens ar e the biggest cons on this product. Poor image quality and is worst at night.Sorry about my english.

Screen could be improved, Motorola apps are crapware (to me at least) and would like replaceable battery. Otherwise spot on with current stock Android, mSD slot, fast processor, nice size and sturdy construction.Update: Oops - the 4G LTE doesn't work in the UK where I live - drat!

This is the phone i have every own. The price is ridiculous, the is phone is a quad-core and it performance match any other phone. I have used it for months and i love it. The camera is not great but not bad. It is a deal.

Amazing value for money. Would suit most individuals. Camera could be better. The phone itself is very fast and easy to use, the screen is amazing at this price range.

Excellent phone stronger better faster durable than the other high end smart phones out there very impressed. It is a pioneer phone for a new movement

I have been using it in India, its working perfectly. Display and performance excellent, I'm able to keep multiple applications open at a time and switch between them.Battery comes to more than 24hrs with moderate calls and continuous data usage.

Very happy with this phone. Moto G will not disappoint anyone! Well-speced and highly affordable phone and well regarded by the industry professionals!

Phone deserves its excellent reviews. Top quality Android phone at a bargain price.The 8 GB is not a problem for the average user because most people end up keeping music/photos in the cloud anyway. 8 GB is plenty of space for apps as long as your'e not a power user.

I got my device on February 2014 and it work constantly since then (I never turned it off). The battery lasts for the whole day and even more because I'm not a heavy user. One thing that bothers me is that the device is not durable enough. It fell out of my pocket while I was sitting in a restaurant (that is to say, about 40 or 45 centimeters to the ground) and the &#34;home&#34; button broke. It turns out that the switch of the button detached from the board and needed to be soldered again. (That's why I didn't turn it off...).Besides that- I really think it is a good device and reasonable value for the price I paid (199$)

I bought two of these phones and even though my parents are a bit old, they  didn't have any trouble on using it. So far no issues, fast, average camera and an unbeatable price.

The Moto G is an absolutely amazing deal for the price. You get an unlocked handset with high-end specs for under 200 bucks. What's not to love? Google's influence on Motorola post-acquisition has been nothing short of remarkable, with the Moto X and now Moto G providing two excellent options for smartphone consumers. This phone is destined to be a massive success with value-minded consumers in the U.S. and abroad and it doesn't scrimp on quality or speed to attain the low price-point. I have encountered no issues with the Moto G since purchase and have been genuinely delighted. Pick one up or three now!

for $200 this is the best non-contract phone you can buy right now!I'm using a T-Mobile sim on it and T-Mobiles HSPA+ data is amazing on this phone

Very pleased with Moto G. I have more learning to do on a smart phone but so far it's great.

Great for first time android user. I do not need 4 G usage. Still trying to learn how to use this but its worth the time required.

Yes, you can find a better phone but you can also pay a lot more money. This phone works very well, has the latest android os, feels great in the hand, and feels solid.Some say the camera is not good. Well this is a phone, not a camera. I find the camera suitable for my uses and I use a camera if the subject matter is important to me.The value of this phone is outstanding. I have handled Nexus 4's, Samsung Galaxy S4, Moto X and this phone is close enough in performance for me while costing a fraction of those phones.

I used the phone for about 2 months now and I cannot be happier.  It was an excellent buy!! Great quality for the price!!, The processor is fast with all the functions and apps that I need.  No problems whatsoever just great performance!! Motorola did a good job with this phone.

I love my Moto G, is excellent. I have nothing to criticize. best smartphone I've had until now. much better than I had s3

Motorola cell phone is horrible, I know my comment may be biased, but there seems to be one defected device among thousands of cell phone produced. And that device was delivered to me. The battery is failing all the time, and it takes a century to recharge... And one day it just fails completely. I don't think it's worth the price. I would consider unlocked Nokia, it's more durable and even cheaper

Very good phone. I love it! Works perfectly, I had no issues with it. If you don't care about having an SD card slot on your phone, this is a highly recommended and affordable android phone to have.

Do n't know much about smart phones but if your looking for a cheap way out this is the phone for you its only a 3g phone but does everything I want It to do and good battery life just a nice phone for the price

Very clear bright screen with very nice color, Very responsive UI, and multitasks well. The lack of a removable battery and NFC is a bummer but at this price I'm willing to overlook it. No LTE doesn't bother me at all as the HSPA is plenty fast getting over 10mbps regularly. Over all I think this is a great phone that other than screen size and no NFC is very comparable to the overpriced high end phones out today in every other aspect.

It an amazing phone. Easy to use, excellent screen/colors. Replaced my old Iphone 4 and i'm super satisfied. And look at the price, you can't go wrong with this one.

I purchased this phone for my mother's 60th birthday 3 weeks ago.  I rated it a 4 stars based on the following chain of events.  My mom loved the phone at first, the size & colors of screen, the apps she could download for her grand-baby, its seemingly eas of use.  She soon discovered she could create groups to send texts messages and couldn't send or received photos or videos via text.  This was the biggest reason I chose this phone as I have a 15 month old daughter that her Nana wanted pics and videos of on a regular bases! Her carrier is Consumer Cellular which uses AT&T's signal system (my dummy language).  Upon discovering she wasn't getting my pics and videos of her grand-daughter experiencing her first big snow, she spoke to an online-chat support tech at Motorola.  They told her she needed to contact  her service provider.  Next, she spoke to several tech support peeps (4 total) at Consumer Cellular over two days to no avail.  Third, she stopped by a local AT&T store to see if a tech person could help her there.  The guy who assisted her put his SIM card in her phone and still couldn't send/receive media files.  He guessed the phone was defective. Finally and a last resort before returning the phone, I convinced her to actually call Motorola.  After over an hour and two tech peeps later, she was able to send/receive pics via text message!!!  The second techie had to actually dial into her phone and install some apps and play around with her settings. The techies at Consumer Cellular had her mess around with her settings too; but that was all.  Needless to say, she had to install some type of messaging apps from Motorola to ultimately solve the problem.

I like this, specification for the price is great, but there's problem which haven't been fixed yet by Motorolla, this phone doesn't work with 32GB MicroSDHC Class 10 (although the spec tells you that it'll work and compatible with all SD card classes!) I have tried 4 different SD card brands class 10 but non of them worked! you can buy this and use class 6 and below SD card or wait for Motorolla to fix the issue with class 10 SD cards.

A nice smartphone. It met expectations.

I was looking out to purchase the Moto G since it was announced few weeks ago. Most reviews were in favor and it seems like a good deal at $200/16GB compared to other brands/features. Once I got it on Monday 12/16 and I played around for a while the disappointment began to sink in. Signal strength seems a bit weak compared to other phones that I own, the function keys take about 1/2&#34; or the LCD screen real state and that's very annoying specially with plenty of space on the bottom of the unit (outside the screen), it looks like a 4&#34; display instead of the advertised 4.5&#34;. The OS/UI lacks a few features that most users are used to see in Android. Lack support for 4G is another downside, but I knew about this before purchasing. Overall it's a good smartphone, well made and the idea of having an unlocked device that you can use with different GSM providers is very tempting, but Motorola and Google tried too hard to minimized features and options on this smartphone, in the end came too short for my expectations. I returned the Moto G and will keep on looking for the ultimate unlocked smartphone at this price range.

for days I was looking for a phone that would suit my needs, I found this bike g released and I love the speed and memory that does not crash, and I've installed many everyday applications ... is a good phone and price this best

The advertised and promised storage capacity is 8 GB but then the actual storage capacity is around 5GB something and then with the apps and phone software it gives 3 GB of available storage. It will soon run out when you install any more new apps or download songs for offline use and take pictures or videos. So I had to return it and have ordered a 16GB one instead. Lets see how much storage the new 16GB gives.

Excelent

I really liked how the phone operated. Seemed to keep up with most of the new phones on the market but for only a fraction of the cost! Awesome phone!

Love it, love it, love it! still learning about all the different features as I go on.Being used in Trinidad and Tobago.

It's a good phone, is ashame it does not come with charger.nor headphones.But for the price is a really good phone.

This phone arrived poorly packaged, DO NOT ORDER FROM AMA$ON, they are getting worse and worse every year. I have a 20 dollar phone and it is of much better quality than this non-sense. i do not know why there are so many positive reviews. Buy a different phone maybe I-phone, and order direct.

excellent quality product, meets all the characteristics specified in the offer, the package is sealed with its usb charger and instructions. practical, stylish, excellent resolution and its size and weight are suitable for the proper use and handling.

Very Satisfied. i do not have words that describe my happiness.I Personally recomend this smartphone. Especially for people that want to save money.

Phone is amazing considering what you pay to get it. The experience is great, colours look fantastic on screen and just over all awesome! Although there is no NFC to make sharing easy but there are tons of great apps out to go around this minor issue.

i live in chicago with t-mobile as my carrier. the phone is fast, and it's very close to stock android. updates arrive quickly. i bought the global model since i travel and t-mobile uses the 1900 band in chicago for high speed, but i regretted that decision when i went on a road trip and was stuck with edge in most places. t-mobile is planning to re-farm a majority of its bands to 1900 in 2014. hopefully i won't have that issue anymore when traveling in the states. overseas, the phone gets 3g, so no problems there.

This phone is fast, solid and has no bloatware installed. Good pictures, great screen, fabulous battery and fast loading. What else do you want?

excellent phone in terms of price performance and informatic must say I have no complaints and for those who looking for a but all I have to say that you can not ask for more for that price excellent performance nitida display a very good colors and in its pure android

Lots of avenues to explore and learn to use.  Great images and color and organization! I wish it had come with a manual as I am cell-phone illiterate.

I pre-ordered this from Motorola directly and received my phone on 12/3/13. The phone is great for the price. The best phone you can get at this price point (off contract) bar none. I did not experience any issues setting up the phone and using it. I purchased this primarily as a world phone for when I travel overseas. It is perfect for that purpose. Great display, sharp and bright. The processor keeps the phone zipping along quite nicely, I haven't noticed any lag yet. Call quality is very good and WiFi connectivity is also very good. Keep in mind that mine only came with a USB cable for charging and no AC USB power adapter. This was no issue for me since I have plenty from old phones. It is a standard micro USB connector. The picture quality is fair to good but what do you expect for a phone at this price. My only gripe is that the back cover is a bit finicky to remove. Make sure you hold the middle while prying up the BOTTOM of the cover first. If you try to open it from the top (like I did), you will most likely crack the back cover along the tiny strip of plastic around the hole for the headphone jack. I feel like they should have had the back cover go around the headphone jack without the thin strip (so it fits like a U around the jack instead of like an O like it does now). I would  definitely recommend this phone for frequent overseas travelers. I'd even recommend the US version for normal use here as well.

This phone has a great quality for this price. Processor speed is excellent, battery life is excellent, display quality is very good and camera is acceptable. It almost has everything you find in a $600+ phone. It's also a great phone if you're and Android developer.

The phone is very close to perfection. For this price it is a bomb. It is great in any respect. Although it has weak places too:1) camera is well below average for phones2) android is castrated, most of foreign languages are removed3) It has problems with false alarms with several foreign carriers
