
Great phone overall for the price, but does have a few flaws... This phone doesn't have much memory to download applications, and although you can transfer some applications to the internal memory which is quite vast, most applications need to be downloaded to the phone's memory which tends to fill quite quickly... So if you're an avid app user this probably isn't the phone for you, but otherwise it does the job. Other than that, I've noticed one other problem, this phone tends to randomly close browser pages when you're accessing the web, or exit apps/messages when you're in the middle of something... This can tend to be quite frustrating, especially if you're in the middle of writing a really long message or anything, but as I said, for the price it's still a great buy. The phone itself is quite light, the home and lock button are the only push buttons with the back & menu buttons being touch sensitive buttons that light up.

I have had many LG Phones.  So when my cable went out and my home phone was down I was able to use this phone.  I haven't had a phone that would work in my home before.

great phone but little memory on phone so this isnt t a good phone for people who always download games

I received this phone and activated it, but within about 2 weeks the memory on the phone was completely full and would not accept any more emails without deleting some even though it had a 4 GB card in it, I could not get the phone to use the card.  I am phone savvy and asked several professionals who told me that this is why you should buy a more high quality phone.  I don't think I will ever buy LG again.  Terrible products by them.

not too bad for a pre-paid. I just got what i assume the &#34;first generation&#34; of this phone and was quite pleased. i figured that since i liked the first one i got for my husband, that i'd get one two that was a different color. it is better than the one i got for my husband.

Seems like a nice phone.

not enough memory to install decent apps- I couldn't install any more apps after I've installed 3 apps on the phone.

This is perfectb if you need you child to have a phn but dont want an expensive plan. It has internet capabilities youtube, and games. I am thoroughlly satisfied with this purchase

Had a problem with phone could not get the service up and running.very bad customer service.I had to send phone back to amazon.they said there was a problem with it.

My daughter loves this phone! It works great for her needs. it has a Great signal as well. She uses it as an mp3 player and even that works great with really good sound quality.

Unfortunately this phone has a major flaw.  Everything saves to the system memory which is ridiculously small.  After adding 15 contacts and a couple of apps we got a memory full error.  We returned the phone.

Awesome phone,especially for the price,,,easy to use,, fun to play with all the apps,, My husband wants one now! so I'm getting him the black one

This phone is great for the money!  Using APPMGRIII to move and uninstall various apps I had enough memory with a good deal left to install Netflix, Android Weather, Map Navigator (stand-alone GPS), and about 10 games for the kids.  Good phone for texting, calls, and light app use.  Wifi works great making browsing the internet quick and easy, as well.  Not at all bad for $25.

just what I wanted big enough but not too big.

I love this phone. Recommend to everyone. It does more than I will ever use. Camera is excellent. Triple minutes are wonderful.

I needed a backup phone that didn't ask for more money every month.  I like tracfone because they only ask for money every quarter.  I did my research and this phone uses the Verizon network, so I am happy with the coverage.  The battery on this thing seems to last for days, but that is the trade off for an underpowered phone.  I got this because I needed a smart phone that could run just a few important apps, and it does that well. I also needed to replace my ZTE Valet from Tracfone because it doesn't have an autofocus camera for scanning barcodes when I'm hunting for great buys in my Deal Mobile.  Guess what?  The LG Optimus Dynamic does not have autofocus either, even though the description said it did.  Oh well, I will just have to type in the numbers manually.  QR codes are no problem though.  What made me decide to keep the phone after the autofocus disappointment, was the $25 price and the awesome GPS navigation from Google.  For some reason the GPS just seems more alive and responsive that any of my other 5 android phones.  I can hear the spoken directions very clearly, even over top of my music playing on the car sound system. I just leave this thing in my windshield phone holder and use it as a very inexpensive GPS system.  I'm keeping it, and I'm thinking about getting $19 black version.

Got mine on Thursday had my number switched to it in about 30 min work great, does eat up the battery if you are using the wireless all the time and have GPS active. Ordered another one for mt wife.

I got this phone because it was 75 dollars off the retail price and it looked great, while meeting my budget requirements. I also got the phone because it was an Android and had WiFi, but I got a few apps, and it already said my memory was full, and you cannot remove most apps to the sd card ( internal memory ). But it is still great, and is a definite upgrade from my previous phone.

Love the lightweight-=ness of this phone and the expansion via microSD for all my music and video.Yes, its a plastic body but it's lightweight and not too big.It's Android 2.3 but that's enough for me.  The response with web surfing using my home high speed internet is amazing.I can't believe this is only $25 bucks !  It's selling for $99 on the tracfone web site as I type this.Get one if only for an extra music player and small web-accessible device if you don't need another phone.

Again I loved this product. I loved the 3X's voice, text and Data. I disliked the memory I wasn't able to put too many apps on this phone even with a 32 SD card placed in the slot.

I have used tracfone for many years and like only buying minute cards and no monthly bills.I came close to switching last year so I could get a smart phone. Then tracfone came out with android phones last fall and I grabbed the ZTE valet. I like it a lot and after figuring out how to use the features I need, I was happy with it. So when I saw this white android phone at such a discounted price, the girlie part of me couldn't resist. I tried using it for a couple days and switched back to the ZTE due to the problem of running out of room for apps. Didn't even try any games when Facebook pretty much filled it up. Facebook's not even very big. If you want a pretty phone from a recognized name without a lot of apps, this is a good phone for the low price. If you put a larger sd card in it you can even store plenty of music on it. The sound is pretty good. Didn't try the bluetooth.

Love it received it in like a day

If you are transferring from another Tracfone that is not an Android your minutes will NOT transfer just your date of service. And Tracfone does NOT tell you this when you are transferring. You also won't be able to install very many apps because there is not much room for them. You cannot store apps on the SD card.

Cons*requires a physical card from tracfone to activate*You cannot use promo codes with these model*you have to download an app to keep track of your balance or go to Tracfone's website and request the balance be sent to you. You are charged for this message.*The text message rate is terrible. If your main form of communicating is via text then this phone works out to be more moneyfor example a 60 minute card on any other phone would give you between 200 to 400 text messageon this phone you get only 180 text messages with a 60 minute card.*has a low system memory. you can uninstall some of the updates on apps you don't need but they will just be re-installed later*you cannot uninstall any of the pre-loaded apps*apps are slow when used with 3GPros*is small for a smart phone*Apps work well with Wifi*easy to check email on* MP3 player works well* if you are a google user everything syncs wellI got this phone in a bit of a rush because my other phone was dying on me but I'm done with tracfone now. I think I will probably get a new non-tracfone phone ASAP.

This phone meets all of my expectations and more.  The charity of the calls is wonderful for the price and I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone in the market for an  inexpensive phone with great service.

Loved this phone it's great, with all the bells and buttons one could want. But  it would not work in my area, so I had to return the phone. Check your zip code before you buy.

it is definitely an upgrade from my old dumb phone; reasons why it is not four stars: not all apps are compatible with this phone (i.e. FrontFlip), and I'm used to my text messages taking .3 of a minute, so I'm trying to get used to the separate call, text, and data balances. I don't like that.

The answer button doesn't work so when I get a phone call ( after repeatedly sliding,tapping the answer button) it won't connect.And as someone previously mentioned the text minutes seem to run out quickly.I would not recommend this phone.

I agree with Rich,The only thing is they should have included a stylist pen . I can't seem to find a small one for this LG without buying three other things with it.  I cannot type on it with my finger.Does anyone know where I can find a small stylist pen?

this is the perfect starter smart phone for my kids, not too big and not too bulky...it's fashionable and allows them to feel as if they moved up in the big world of gadgets....the triple minutes is a great deal given their burgeoning texting/calling habits! could not be happier with this purchase!

There are better options for a first-time  pre-paid Android cell phone...Well, I got a &#34;low on space&#34; error on the second day that I had this cell phone.It was easy enough to activate, though.*I was not able to switch my Safelink phone number (and minutes!) to this phone, though. :-/I will add more to this review,  after I get some sleep :-)

I am the phone lady. I change phones regularly. Some people are computer people, some people are gamers, I am the phone lady. I LOVE cell phones and always have. I purchased this cellphone at my daughter's request for her 7th birthday. She hasn't been able to play with it yet as her birthday is not yet here but. I have enjoyed setting it up etc.. It takes ONLY Tracfone minutes. It triples all minutes, texts, and data purchased. In my area this phone runs of Verizon towers which is a BIG deal as they are THE BEST service in our area. Its a darling little android that gets exceptional service. I couldn't beat the price! $24.99! What?? Darling phone. I will purchase more of these as gifts at Christmas time for people that need Verizon service and can't afford a contract plan. Darling phone. My daughter can't wait to receive it and I can't wait to gift it. P.s. This phone is currently $100 on the tracfone website and so is the straight talk version on their website. Great buy.

This works great if you don't won't to spend a lot on an android phone or aren't sure if you want one. The only draw back is all the apps that are already loaded can not be uninstalled and it will keep prompting you to install google play services. I uninstalled google play services because it eats up a lot of your system memory to the point that you can't add anything else to it.

I have this phone. I didn't buy it from amazon, and maybe mine's just a lemon, but the volume has no control! It will blow your ears out. No , i wouldn't reccomend it to anyone. In fact i don't know what to do with it, except drive over it for fun!

I bought this for my wife and I was surprised by the extent of activity available for this price point.

The phone itself is decent - call quality, reception, speaker quality, screen etc. As other reviewers have mentioned, app memory is very limited. HOWEVER - it is not unusable. You just need to be aware of this limitation and avoid this phone if you intend to download many apps. 2-3 apps are fine. Make sure you go to menu &#62; settings &#62; manage applications &#62; downloaded &#62; click your app and see if 'move to internal memory' is available. If it is, do that. It will save your phone (system) memory which is where the apps go. Yes, this phone includes a 4GB memory card but that's basically for music and pictures. The reason why this phone is like this is because it's internal parts are basically based on phones from when apps weren't very large.I have: Gingerbread keyboard, Google Play services (26MB and _cannot_ be moved to internal memory!), Google Play Store, HowardForums, Hulu, Instagram, Netflix, Network Signal Info, TuneIn Radio Pro, and Wordfeud installed with 50MB left. Those are my basic apps and I have moved everything I could to the larger internal memory. You don't want to run your system memory down to 0MB because it's used for text messages and stuff.Overall, if you absolutely cannot afford one of the other TracFone Android phones and know you will need very few apps, this phone will suffice. Otherwise, I would highly recommend something like the Dynamic II though I know it is more expensive. You'll thank me later when you start getting into the smartphone thing and want to be able to download various apps without worrying about running out of space.

Wow, what a great little phone! This phone is not bad just because its cheap. Go in with high expectations, and you will be disappointed, but realize your paying 40 dollars for a smartphone and you will be pleasantly surprised at its performance. This is NOT a phone for someone who needs allot of apps. My storage is full with 5 small apps. But I am not complaining. Video plays great, and the sound is better and louder than my 5th gen iPod touch, and my Surface RT. Its worth the money, and tracfone is the best cell phone service! Highly recommend this phone.

i bought this phone for my mother in her 60's. i recently got her the Kindle Fire an the BOA ( Bank of America ) app doesnt work on it, so i thought id buy her a cheap android phone an see if the app would work.i honestly did not think the cam would be good enough, but it is! i must say im amazed LOL.CONS: well im quit upset that it was not listed that this is a CDMA phone and not GSM Sim card. my elderly mother has some sort of government provided phone and unfortunately even though the service is with Tracfone this phone will not work.since the phone has WIFI luckily she can still use the phone to make her deposits an even use the android services.

If you like to add more apps, this one is not for you.  I downloaded &#34;Skype&#34; and &#34;Fly Delta.&#34;  The phone's internal memory is almost full.  If you know how to ROOT, maybe this phone is still OK.

I love it, I can surf the web and be at home. Check up on my grandkids. And I love playing games. Thanks

OMG!! I love this phone, no question about it. You just can not beat it for the price!! & it comes with TRIPLE MINUTES (FOR LIFE) .  I was disappointed when I learned it wasn't capable with Safelink BUT no worries my son pleaded with me to let him have it. At the price it is a great starter phone for him, I was thinking about getting him one anyway for when he is away from home. So it turned out to be a blessing for him . IT WAS A WIN WIN SITUATION IN THE END!

This phone is definitely a step up from my other tracfone. I have 2 complaints though....it doesn't stay charged long. I turn everything off & constantly stop running applications. I only use it to text & I have to charge it every day and a half!!! The virtual keyboard is harder to use than an actual keyboard. I have small fingers and the keyboard makes me feel like I have huge fat fingers!

This was a Christmas present for my daughter, she really wanted the iPhone, but I could not really afford the monthly payments. I found this tracfone online, which worked out wonderfully, she just loves the cell phone. The tracfone comes with triple minutes, so this applies to the text portion, calling and internet, they all have triple minutes. You can go online and check how many minutes you have on each portion of your phone, weather it be calling, texting, or internet portion of the phone. It was easy for me to set up and get it going right away, so a great buy overall.

I have reviewed the other entries.  I solved the low memory problem, to a degree, with a 32 Scandisk memory card, updating from the 4 it came with, and a free app, App manager II, that shows what apps can be moved to the card,  moves them, and says which can't be moved.  I also am annoyed at re-removing apps. Over time a few of them do stop updating but I still have to re-remove others. The built-in location app is an audio GPS and I love it.  I have a dashboard mount and have used it, giving verbal address and getting verbal directions.  Google maps built-in also lets me see a route if I don't want to keep the GPS (&#34;Location&#34;) app on.  I was disappointed it didn't have visual Skype capabilities; I read that no Tracfones do. But I have also driven to a cheap gas price I've spotted, used my free &#34;gas buddy&#34; app and driven off to a cheaper competitor a few blocks away. Very nice. Waiting to see how it does in Ireland in a few months.  May write an update then.  Previously I would buy a burner phone in the country I went to and am hoping this will solve that problem.  My major complaint (no one else mentioned and may just be this phone):  I can't answer it!  When I get a call, I press the &#34;answer&#34; spot until I think it will break but it won't answer.  I get few calls and return the call right away so for me it's not a big deal.  The ONLY time it worked was when I was sitting beside the one calling to &#34;check it out.&#34; (And didn't I feel foolish when I could answer?)

Nice Cheap Prepaid Android Phones For Text, Web, And Calls. The Memory Fills Up Fast But It Still Deserves Five Stars!

this phone really delivers . the price is unbeatable and the triple minutes just seals the deal .I will order this for myself as well . when searching to get a phone for my son . its hurts alot less to spend under thirty dollars than a few hundred !!

It took a bit of time to figure out the new features, and I am still learning, but it really is an improvement over the previous LG phone I had.

The phone is really nice looking. My problem isn't so much with the phone so I give it 3 stars.  I &#34; upgraded&#34; if you will, from a Tracfone Samsung S125G to this phone. Anyone familiar with S125G knows its their bottom-of-the-barrel $10 phone. I don't use my phone much, but having a previous Android phone from another provider I missed a few of the niceties that most phone users take for granted like having speaker phone option. The volume was also pretty awful on my old model & was prone to constant breaks in conversation on either end.I've been researching which would be the best phone option and decided on this one. I'd wanted to purchase this model before thru Walmart, but oddly enough whenever I'd enter my zip code to see if it worked in my area it would always come back as incompatible. Whenever I went to Tracfone's official site it said this model worked in my area. I compared Tracfone's prices to Amazon's and of course the price was a better deal here.After reading about issues with space for adequate apps and remembering how I killed my last Android with app overload, I decided to not bother with apps and just use it basically as a talking clock that doubles as a phone. I successfully transferred my number from old to new phone as per instructions...easy-peasy. The next day I went to my local Walgreen to pick up my usual 60 min airtime card & attempted to add airtime minutes. Okay, this is where it all goes downhill & knee-deep into a pile of horse manure. I didn't know, wasn't aware of, haven't seen any mention in the reviews that you couldn't add airtime from this phone. Maybe someone mentioned it & I overlooked it...I dunno. At any rate it can't be done. I'm thinking Android is supposed to be a step up right? My little $10 hobo phone could do it.  So finally ( trying not to bother anyone in India) I go to the website and &#34;seemingly&#34; it accepts my pin # & tells me all is good in the land.I go about my day. Threw away the used airtime card as per usual. BAD mistake, because later on I'm receiving a friendly text from the cutesy phone showing my remaining balance which is exactly what it was when I switched from old to new and it transferred my remaining minutes. I even added a 30 minute bonus promo which it pretended to have accepted. So the triple minutes should've brought it up to 210 minutes. I'm aware that it splits those total minutes into three's: phone, text, & data, but what happened to them??? I search in vain online for help. Tech support only gives two options & none are for the issue I'm experiencing. There's a forum for questions. I try logging in. It won't take my password and when it finally does its for the old phone. I try to make a new login, but it's not having it. I look longingly at the forum support board, seeing people with the same problem, but I'm on the outside looking in. Sadly, it's time for a trip to India.So to wrap this up because I need to go have a cry or a drink or both. I called India & was connected to a very &#34;American sounding&#34; rep who put me on hold for a bit to see if she could help. She told me what I figured on my own: you can't add airtime from the Android. She also informed me that trying it online probably wasn't the best way to ensure I'd receive my minutes & that its best to call in. OH GOODIE! They of course had no record of my adding a pin # and even though I paid for the card, I no longer have it or the receipt I purchased it with. So that knee-deep pile of horse manure I landed into earlier has worked it's way up to my neck. I have no additional minutes (which I paid for) and I'm out $20. I really miss my old hobo phone with the bad connection.

now this phone is great the company is good I bought the lg840 was not happy the re in burst me and now I got this Lg android and I'm very happy

I can't send or received pictures by text

This phone is ok if you dont need more Memory good phone and long Battery lifeAnd good service on this phone signal is good

Completely satisfied with this inexpensive pay as you go phone.  Meets all my needs.  I recommend it to anyone who doesn't use a cell phone except for travel or emergencies.

.... though he's struggling to learn all the features.  He's not very computer literate. The phone is fine for him.

this phone is a great smart phone for beginners.  If you read online about the phone and storage you will find how to store some apps to the card to save space on the actual phone, this is a big help.  updates use up space, however, I will probably get a bigger card soon.

When I first unboxed the phone, my first impression was how small it appeared.  I already knew what the screen size was prior to purchase, but in person, the phone looked even smaller than I expected.  However, the phone has great functionality and many cutting-edge features.  Even though it has an outdated OS (Gingerbread 2.3), I did not feel slighted in any way.  The phone's functions are fluid with little to no lag, and the small keyboard is accurate and responsive.  In fact, I found typing on it's keyboard to be more accurate than on my Samsung Galaxy III...and my Galaxy's keyboard is much bigger.  For those of you who aren't used to typing/texting on a small keyboard, you may want to use a stylus pen, but I didn't find a stylus necessary.  While I like this phone for what it offers, I am disappointed that I don't get a strong signal where I live.  According to Tracfone's website, this phone is supposed to work in my zipcode.  Unfortunately it doesn't, so I have to return the phone.  Perhaps Verizon is just not strong enough in my corner of the universe.  If you will be using this phone in a zipcode or area where Verizon is known to be strong, don't hesitate to buy this phone.  It's a great value for the money.

I don't mean that headline to sound negative, but let's be serious here: There's a reason this phone is so inexpensive. It is an earlier-model Android phone that suffers from the dreaded &#34;Low Internal ROM memory&#34; problem so common in these lower-end phones. What that means is that the average user is going to be pretty ticked off when they get this phone and find that they're getting the low memory warning on Day One, after all the Google Services (including the Play Store) update themselves, and you put your contacts and information on the phone. Sure, you can move some apps to the &#34;Internal Memory&#34; (NOT the SD card, it turns out; The phone has 1GB for apps in a separate partition, but doesn't offer moving to SD card as a default choice), but that won't solve the loss of ROM.Let's break this down a bit. This phone has four types of memory in it:1. RAM - This is the operating memory, just like the RAM in a PC, which can be cleared easily enough by shutting down apps. No problems here thanks to the way Android does things.2. &#34;System Memory&#34; - This is where the main OS (plus updates) and system files are stores. When you download from the Play Store, this is where the apps will initially be downloaded to, directly. When you get the phone and all the main updates occur (Play Store, Google Services, Google Maps, Google+, Gmail, Mail, Calendar, and other &#34;essential&#34; system apps) you will find the phone has less than 40MB left in the System ROM. Downloaded Apps will fill this fast. Moving them to the next memory category below will temporarily solve this problem, but you will still find your storage shrinking as you receive texts and calls, use the web browser, receive emails, and get more updates. In short: This is a total pain in the butt and it can only be fixed if you root the phone.3. &#34;Internal Memory&#34; -  This is the built-in 1GB of storage space for Apps. When you choose to move apps from the System Memory, they are moved here. The system actually doesn't offer to move apps to the SD card, but to this space instead. So realistically, without rooting or other management apps, this phone can handle 1GB of apps. Some other personal info can be stored here, too, on an app-by-app basis.4. SD Card - You can insert an SD card (I tested a 32GB with success) and use it for additional storage. However, this space will primarily be used for media: Music, books, documents, videos, etc.  Apps don't get moved here by default. You can opt to have various apps store data on SD (Web Browser, Email, etc.) but for the average user, this is not a solution to the full System Memory problem. Moving apps to Internal Memory will help a little, but when that's full you're stuck.The solution I came up with was to root the phone and use Link2SD to Link/Move/Delete various apps on the System Memory. Doing this, I was able to reclaim a little space, but even so, with ALL the non-essential apps linked, moved, or deleted, I still find this phone hovering around having 20MB left in the System Memory. Periodic cache wipes help, but even with this solution in place, this phone chews through System Memory quickly.Bottom Line: Don't consider this phone unless you're not planning on downloading many apps, not a heavy texter, or are comfortable with rooting and tweaking at risk of bricking the thing. I honestly would not recommend this phone to the average user. For Android geeks and people who are comfortable with hacks/cracks/etc. I would say it's worth it at a low price, but don't expect any miracles.As for the TracFone service, I can't complain. The price is low, the data usage is easy to conserve (turn off Data in the notification menu and use it only when needed), and the Triple Minutes helps a whole lot. Due to the way TracFone does text units on their Android phones, I'd say you want to steer clear of them if you're a super-heavy texter, but you can always find alternative apps for texting, too.Considering the memory problems, and the fact that this phone has an older screen that isn't as responsive or bright as newer ones, I'll call this a three-star device. I'd say it's an entry-level phone, but that memory problem makes it a rough ride for newbies. If you're looking for your first Android phone, I'd caution you against choosing this one.

Bought this as a birthday gift for my mom who's not hip to newer technology but likes playing in my iPhone sometimes. It's pretty good for a beginner, the processor is slow and pinching the screen seems to only work when using the browser. Overall for a beginner or less tech savvy it's a decent phone.

I am so angry.  This phone is advertised as a tracfone that uses minutes.  As a matter of fact the whole reason I purchased it was because it advertises triple minutes.  However, according to the box it is a net 10 wireless.  So I purchased a net 10 wireless card, try to add the minutes, and lo and behold, it doesnt work.  i call the company and spend an hour trying to nderstand someone who does not understand me, only to be told that it is not net 10' it is tracfone.  The tracfone cards will not work on it, but the fine print finally tells me that it will take a monthy net 10 card of 50 dollars.  So now i have wasted money on the phone and on a scratched off card I cannot return, and I am furious with tracfone, net 10' and amazon.com for selling this under false advertising, and I never want to do businees with any of them again.  I gave this a star only because it was required.  It really deserves no stars at all.

I gave up my Samsung Galaxay 4 and purchased this from Amazon.It is white, and does just about everything my Samsung does. I didn't need the bells & whistles that it had,never used them and the $90.00 a month I am saving is the BEST!I already had a Tracfone too, so I know how they work and to set one up on line. They did not have the white option on their site and offered the black for $79.00 so this was a deal for the same phone.Easy as can be, triple the minutes for talk, text, & data, 150 each. for $12.00 a month.For what I need it for its great!!  Looks good too!  Just not a lot of cases for them out there.

I knew what I was getting, it works and for what I use it for it works well for me. Its not the fastest phone, and it can be a bit slow at times. It holds a long charge and is good for the wifi.

This is a great phone. All my friends like it, they say its cute and it is. The whole space problem as usual but i got an app that allows me to move eligible purchased items to my sd card so im good.

I purchased this phone for my 11 yr old son who wanted a real smartphone, but is not ready. This phone has all the basic features of a smartphone and lets him feel like his is moving up in the world. The phone froze on 2 separate occasions and the pattern lock works,but you can't see the trace of the pattern. For those reasons this product loses a star, but not a bad purchase at all.

It was an upgrade over any previous Tracfone I have had, by far. So out of the box, I was highly pleased with smart phone features and a better camera. Then came the &#34;running low on memory space&#34; problems. I thought it was something that I could fix by upgrading the micro SD card. I was wrong. I should've saved money on that end. I am very ignorant of technology, but my experiences with this phone can be likened to having a computer that is loaded with software that you need to run its applications, but only having just enough memory to run them. Adding any app, or just trying to access your e-mail account can create problems that cannot be solved by upgrading your harddrive (SD card) so to speak.Still a great phone at a great price, but just disappointing in the fact that I can't uninstall the memory hungry apps that are monopolizing the phone's resources without bigger headaches, and therefore cannot really use the smartphone as one would to install the apps I would like.

I purchased this to upgrade my existing tracfone to a smart phone.  We were headed to Disney World and I really wanted to be able to utilize the disney apps.  As other users have claimed it does not have much memory for apps but it did run my disney apps and was extremely useful.  Important item to note:  your tracfone minutes from a non-smart phone will not roll-over to this phone.  It seems the reason for this is because this phone seperates all your minutes.  You have a seperate bank of talk, text, and data minutes whereas on non smartphones this bank is all interchangeable.  I have found that I am using up more text units than anything else and when I buy more it will still split them into talk and text minutes and not give you the option to make all the minutes you purchase into text minutes.  I still think it is an okay starter smartphone I just wish I had fair warning of the issues.  If I had to do it again, I would still purchase the phone but activate it with a new number and only use it for apps.

Phone does everything I want. Wish the android version was higher as it limits some of the things I might download

I have had this phone for over a month. My phone will not sound the notification ringtone to alert me of texts. I have been through the settings over and over again....changed ringtones...still nothing. Also, the wifi connection really sucks. I keep getting a no connection alert when trying to connect to the Play Store. Changed the settings on phone, changed settings on my router, changed access points, etc...still, I have to disconnect and reconnect 10-15 times to finish an update using wifi....even setting a few feet from the router with works fine with wifi on a television in the far end of the home.

This phone exceeded my expectations. Great entry level android phone for beginners. This is my second phone purchase from SHOPCELLDEALS... Shipment was fast and phone  was in original packaging. I am using this as a backup phone for emergencies. I can't be more pleased with the quality of this phone for the price. Not to mention triple minutes for life.You can't beat this little phone!

My mom bought me this phone for my birthday and I Love it! Touch screen and I learned to work it pretty quickly.I don't ask for much in a phone, just ring and get good reception. The fact its a touch screen just puts extra icing on the cake.

great for my 5 year. held up after 4 monthes, unlike my last lg that stop working after 3 weeks.

This is my 1st touch phone I  went to play store & put in Norton mobile to keep bad things away from my phone .You should do it to after u buy this phone or any phone .I even have Google sky map .u learn a lot there . Take a chance enjoy your phone like I did  & still.

A petite size phone but very useful! I can add up all the apps I need using external sd card. Good price and good plan comes wth it so you can save whole lot of money with triple airtime for 90days  service day and wifi combined. For me, $20 airtime card purchase will last for 90days. That means only about $7 a month. The best deal I ever had for cell phone! You can purchase additional data minutes whenever you used up data min.

The phone I received is a Verizon phone in a tracphone packaging that does not work with the prepay cards. Only useful for wifi and music. It was a gift and they have thrown away the packaging already or I'd send it back. Very disappointed.

I LOVE MY LG ANDROID PHONE I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR TRACFONE TO COME OUT WITH ONE.  I HAD BEEN WANTING ONE FOR A WHILE. WHEN I SAW IT I IMMEDIATELY ORDER IT

The phones alright, it's a cheap android smartphone.Signal is horrible with this phone here in central Vermont. The cheaper $5 and $15 phones have better signal.

This is a great phone for those so starting out with a phone that connects online and with apps.  I really like this phone a lot it is my first phone that feels like a mini computer hooks up to wifi and was easy to set up plus a very good price.

not the i phone she wishes she could have, but we are tracphone customers so until they get i phones shes happy with this

not enough storage can't even update apps keeps telling me to delete apps when I did not even download any apps.  can't even move apps to SD card so I can update

I went to tracfone site first to key in my zip code to make sure it works in my area. Bought two, and love it. The triple minutes and text pay for it self. Does everything more expensive phones do. You will love it!

this phone is great i love it the price was right and it arrived on time there was an issue but tracfone fixed to anyone thinking about buying this phone it's worth it

Love this white smartphone! Price was unbeatable! I was easily able to move all of my Tracfone minutes from my flip phone onto this phone, my remaining minutes (3000) got me minutes for phone calls (3000), text (3000) and data (3000). Can't beat it! It is also easier to add minutes/time. Battery seems to have a long life. No complaints at all!

a good phone for the price have not figured out how every thing works keys and numbers on keyboard are small hard to type

The phone has very little memory and as it updates apps, it consistently tells you that there is not enough memory on the phone.  I am actually going to contact amazon about a warranty or exchanging the phone.

Fast shipping couldn't activate it with save link

excellent

Bought this as a backup for my main contract phone for areas where service isn't great since this one can roam on pretty much any network from what Ive seen (its CDMA, verizon is the home network but it roams in at&t only areas surprisingly without extra charges). Tracfones plans are great if you dont use it allot like I use my normal phone so for me its a perfect backup device incase my phone's battery dies or wonder into areas my carrier doesnt cover. Love the triple minutes and how it has 3 buckets for minutes/texts and data instead of all just using up minutes like the older phones :3 the phone itself has one major flaw which is that most apps can only be installed on the system memory and it only has about 150mbs of system memory, few apps can be installed on the internal 1gb memory, if they could have left it unpartitioned into system and internal or install all downloaded apps on the internal or SD there wouldn't be a problem but for 25.00 I cant really complain too much I suppose lol

This LG model works better than previous models, but still has some LG drawbacks.  I like the phone, but phone software is limited.

It's a great price for an Android phone. It's similar to - and cheaper than the LG840G, and with this phone you can run Android apps. But you should understand that there are a number of Android apps that won't work with this phone. I like being able to read e-books on my phone. It isn't as good as reading on a real e-reader, but I always have it available. If you're looking for a cheap pre-paid Android phone, and don't mind that there are apps you can't use, this phone is a good choice.

This phone is really good.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I wish there was a way to transfer minutes over from phone minutes to text minutes.  The text minutes seem to go really fast.  Overall, it is a great phone!

Its a great phone..great price too..not  a whole lot of money for the minutes either.........I would recommend the phone to everyone

I love this phone, as soon as I learn all the functions, I will get one in another color, one in case I lose the first one!!thank you! I call this phone Optimus prime after the movie trasformers.

English is a second language for the customer support people,they are difficult to understand and seem to have difficulty understanding English. following are excerpts from an email to tracfone outlining the problem i had with customer support and the LG OPTIMUS:"On march 12, 2014 I contacted tracfone to activate a new phone and transfer the minutes and number from my old phone to the new phone (an  LG Optimus dynamic android, which has been returned to the Amazon vendor thanks to their gracious return policy)Over a two day period I spent approximately  3 to 4 hours on the phone with tracfone attempting to get the above new phone activated. It never got activated and the minutes never got transferred from the old to the new phone.My  credit card statement  for March 12, 2014 shows two charges to Tracfone for $22.50 each for which I did not receive any service.I assumed the above problem with the  phone was a glitch and after returning it bought  a ZTE Valet tracfone from another vendor.On March 31, 2014 I phoned Tracfone to activate the ZTE Valet and again spent about two hours unsuccessfully trying  to activate the phone. The phone could not be activated.With both of the above new  Tracfones, before phoning Tracfone,  my husband made repeated attempts to activate the phones online without success and always got the message "telephone tracfone". We both use Tracfones and have had no problem activating them online before. However we have now gone to another cell phone provider.My request is that you credit my account for the three above mentioned charges of $22.50 each because I received nothing from you."Tracfone did respond to the above and after a lengthy discussion gave me credit for one charge of $22.50. Tracfone refused to give me credit for the other two charges.12 may 2014 addendum: tracfone has now given me credit for two of the $22.50 charges.

I've never had a &#34;smartphone&#34; before, and the price was right on this one.  I'm not a big phone user, so I use Tracfone prepaid service, which offers this phone.  This model is several years old, so it doesn't have the most recent Android version and is limited on internal memory.  It does come with quite a few apps already installed, as well as a 4 g microSD card.  Instructions for copying photos and music to the SD card are good; I can use the phone as my backup mp3 player.  The phone is light weight.  It's very inexpensive, so it would be a good choice for a child who tends to lose things.  It's easy to use, as well.  I will eventually get a more recent model smartphone but this is an excellent choice for a first smartphone.

Bought this phone for my granddaughter.  She loves it.  A great phone for a great price. It's an excellent buy!!!

Its slow , doesn't have a lot of memory and some apps don't work on it. When there is good wi-fi netflix works great and I love that. I wish it had a real keyboard for faster texting

a bit small

This phone came almost ready to use-- kind of a 'plug and play' type of phone.. just one caveat... when the company asks for the &#34;Security number'on the phone, it;s NOT the one labeled S/N inside the battery case.. it's the 18-digit ALL NUMBERS number that they want.. I think they'd avoid a lot of consumer calls to tech support if they made that clear... Oh, and it holds a charge really well, and comes with the triple minutes as promised.. All in all, just as advertised...

works great

I love using this phone. Everything about it has been so easy, from setting up an account with TracFone to downloading and using apps. I hated the cell phone I had prior to this one, a "free" phone with two-year contract with AT&T.; My AT&T; phone was costing me $30+/month for voice only (no data, no texting) and the phone was awful. If I didn't hit one of the several buttons on the side, my face would touch the screen, making the phone do things I hadn't intended. This phone solved all of those problems. It has a proximity sensor that manages the touch screen very nicely. For example, when making calls that require me to press a number on the dial-pad during the call, the screen goes black and locks while held next to my face, then becomes active when I hold it away from my face to press the number pad. I know this isn't a big deal for many users, but for me, it was so much better than my previous phone.When I set up my TracFone account, using my home phone, the confirmation did not go through at first. I tried a few times and still couldn't get confirmation, so I called customer service and they quickly got it sorted out and also confirmed that I had gotten triple minutes for the card I had bought.I like that Verizon is the carrier for TracFone here. Verizon's mobile network is much bigger and better and has better call quality than AT&T.;Having read previous reviews, I learned a few things relevant to downloading apps. I have gotten the "low memory" warning a few times. I had downloaded a couple of apps and moved them to the SD card. The apps that did not do as expected (either didn't do what I wanted or seemed to act wacky), I uninstalled. I don't keep apps that can't be moved to the card. Facebook was the one that was really eating my memory, even after clearing cache for all apps and moving them to the SD card, so I uninstalled it. Since then, I haven't gotten the "low memory" warning, so I think it really does matter what the app does, eg, FB has lots of graphic data to eat up memory.I've downloaded these apps so far: Duolingo, a language app; CVS, an app where I can order my prescriptions from my phone, check my scrip history and tell me when I need to have scrips renewed by my doctor; My Account, a TracFone app; AppMgrIII, to help manage apps; History Eraser, to clear up history, cache, etc. on apps; Ravelry photo, to quickly upload project pics to my Rav account; and Traffic Counter, which keeps up with my minutes, so I don't have to constantly check my TracFone account.All of them work well so far. I have read that apps designed by Google work best but I don't have enough experience using apps by Google vs. other app designers to know if that is true or not. All of the apps I've downloaded so far are free and downloaded from Google Play. I research what I'm looking for on my PC, then download on my mobile.Duolingo is a great app for learning a new language. There are prescription apps for several major drug stores, and I really like that I can quickly order my scrips from my mobile. I tried another app, but it couldn't find my local CVS. App Mgr III is ok, but might not really be necessary. I tend to use the App Manager that comes already installed, but I will work with it a little more before I decide whether to keep it or not.I haven't put any widgets or live wallpapers on my home page, yet, so I can't say if they eat up my memory or suck the battery down. My battery is lasting pretty well so far. I charged it for five hours before use, and the battery has been lasting with the phone on all day. I spent a lot of time using it during setup, downloading and trying out apps. The two previous days, it was down to about 20% by the end of the day and I charged it overnight. Tonight the battery is at about 60%, but I haven't been using it today like I did the past two days.I think it is a good idea to back up contacts on the SD card, though not necessarily essential. While I still had FB on my phone, and was getting the low memory warning, I could not add to my contacts. Again, once I uninstalled FB, I was able to add more contacts. Just for clarity, backing up the contacts doesn't move them, just copies them to the SD card where they can easily be restored to the phone.Overall, I am very happy with this phone so far. The look is sleek, using it is simple and enjoyable and best of all, it will save me a ton of money. I expect my phone bill will now be about $10/month as opposed to the $30 I was paying AT&T;, and I can text, thank goodness!I've only had the phone for a few days and have used only 15 minutes on it, but considering that I averaged less than 5 minutes/month on my AT&T; phone, that is a lot. If I have problems with the phone or find things that I don't like about it, I will update this review.My next purchase is going to be an Ooma Telo, and I can cut out another big chunk of money going to AT&T; every month. My bill for AT&T; will then only be for U-Verse, presently about $15/month, a promotional price for one year. Cutting out my cell phone service and my land-line should save me about $125/month.

I needed a phone for my business strictly for texting on nights and weekends. This phone surpassed what I was expecting, and it arrived a day early! It is easy to use if you are familiar with android and you get TRIPLE minutes every time you reload it! That is such an outstanding perk! This is much less expensive than adding another contracted line. I will suggest this to anyone who doesn't need lots of data or tons of calling minutes. I purchased 120 mins/calls/data and 360 were loaded to this phone. You won't be unhappy with this purchase and it will save you a TON OF $$$$$$$$$$$

I needed an extra phone since I am trying to start my own business and don't want to advertise with my cell number online. I turned to Amazon as always for the solution. I've used tracfone back in high school and thought tracfone might be something I should look into again. I wanted a phone that 1) was prepaid with no contract 2) was semi-cute and 3) had potential for email. I found this phone and the shipping was SUPER FAST! Ordered over the weekend and received the item by the beginning of the following week! Doesn't get better than this when you are trying to get started with your website. In addition, the phone has amazing battery life (if you aren't constantly checking your phone.) And it's cute, compact, and looks pretty much like a mini iphone. The typing/texting keyboard definitely impressed me because it's pretty much the same as my Iphone. No complaints about this phone or the company who shipped it to me!

I paid $25 for this phone. It is a very entry-level Android smartphone, but it does not lag at all. Battery life is great too if you disable the 3G Data which is very easy to do. Overall, great for $25 bucks.

This Tracfone is perfect for all my needs.  This is the best Tracfone I've ever purchased since becoming a customer of Tracfone in 2001.  One thing . . . . if you don't want to deplete your entire data balance you will need to turn off the WiFi and Mobile Network settings . . . .unless you need to use them.  You do this by going into Settings and scroll to the first area identified as Wireless & Networks.  Then scroll to  WiFi and turn off the WiFi.  Next scroll down to Mobile Network and disable the Data Enabled.  If you need to use your email or search on the Internet, just reverse the process and turn your WiFi and Mobile Network back on.  Just remember to turn them off when you don't need them any longer.  Next . . . . the one problem some customers are complaining about that the minute balances not showing on the cellphone display this is really no problem.  You can go into your Tracfone account on your personal computer to see the balances or you can download the Tracfone app onto your Tracfone and get it that way.  But again you will have to enable your WiFi and Mobile Network settings and then remember to turn them off when you're finished.  I really like this Tracfone and the purchase through Amazon was perfect as always.

i do actually like this phone because of its beautiful settings like internet,games,youtube,music,and radio to actually go with it as well

There is hardly any space for apps, and many things I am not able to move over to the SD card. Can not use as I had hoped. It may as well not have a camera, there is no space for photos. Will not download my favorite games either.

I am already very happy with my no contract phone.  It was easy to transfer my number.  This phone is very functional.

Purchased this phone only to find it wouldn't work in my zip code. I had to return it and receive arefund. I was all hyped up when it arrived but then got a big disappointment.I have always had luck over the years with the regular tracfones, but this one was different. Hopethey can come up with one that works in more areas.Thanks for allowing me to try it.

I had purchased this to replace the model that used Tracphones software because many websites could not be seen. I called them and they help me switch my minutes and time to the new phone. It is much better, but I can not seem to put more in the SD card, so I am very limited with the free apps that I can store.

I am not a techy person, this phone seems to be pretty easy to figure out. I am now hooked up to email and FB along with some of my FB games. It seems to walk you through everything very easily.

I can't see paying hundreds for a cell phone, only thing is they should have included a stylist pen . I can't seem to find a small one for this LG without buying three other things with it.. This is a great phone for first timers on a smart phone..

I like this phone very much. It didn't take long to learn what it can do. I have found that I can't download some apps because the browser isn't compatible. I love the wifi feature! You can google, read your email, take decent pictures, and of course make calls. The sound seems to be clear and I was told that they could hear me pretty clear.

I've had this phone for a few days now. Previously I had an IPhone 4 from At&t and was paying $85 a month, so I thought heck with it, I'll cancel my service and try a prepaid phone. This review is coming from an IPhone 4 user so of course if you've never owned an IPhone then you're experience with this particular phone will be coming from a different point of view. This phone is ok....it's pretty much a starter phone for those who have never ventured into the world of smartphones. The touch screen isn't that great...sometimes you have to hit the icons hard for them to pop up. Phone runs pretty slow as well. Storage capacity is very low, I downloaded 4-5 apps and memory was full. Facebook looks horrible on this phone and is hard to navigate through messages/notifications/newsfeed etc. The phone looks OK, but once you pick it up you can feel how cheaply it's made. I was totally willing to look past all this and go on with my prepaid service but the camera quality on this phone was the deal breaker. It is HORRIBLE!!!!

This is a tracfone so of course there are a few drawbacks: 1) it doesn't tell me how many minutes I have left, I have to go to website. 2) can't add time without going to website either, I kinda liked having the easy way on my old phone. Takes pretty good pictures! Love that it hooks up to WiFi, it's like having a smartphone without the bill. $30 every 2-3 months compared to $150 per month, I'll take it!
