
Good phone for the price would b a 5 if you could get cases for it but still a great product

I was impressed taking this phone out of the box. It's extremely well made and I really liked how it felt holding it... the back has a soft-touch coating that felt really nice. All accessories were included and the price was awesome. I've never had an Android phone but the OS and software seemed to work great.There were only two flaws that I saw, and one ended up being a deal breaker.The first was that the screen has a very narrow viewing angle. Anything outside of that, the colors are distorted and the screen hard to read. I thought I might get used to holding it a certain way to avoid this, and I indeed started to do so.The deal breaker was that the ear speaker was very quiet even at its loudest volume. My hearing is pretty mediocre, and I could barely hear people while talking on the phone even in optimal (low surrounding noise) conditions. I bought it to use primarily as a phone, so didn't feel I could keep using it if every phone call was a struggle to hear.I really liked the phone otherwise and really wanted it to work out, but I ended up returning it after trying it for 24 hours.

Just got the phone a few days now. I love the colour. Working fine so far no complain. Have not tried the second sim yet only using one so far and so good.  Phone was delivered on time. Thanks.

Sound quality is so-so as is the screen resolution.  The camera has no flash and phot quality even in well lit scenes is less than acceptable.  It does not have a GPS chip lo location is approximate using cell towers for location.

I needed a phone to surprise my siblings as gift and them I saw this in a phone shop. I came online to find it here and trust me I would wish the phone for my self. Its so cute and handy and it also came as described. Great phone, highly recommended.

Very nice and excellent device...

There's a few short comings like the lack of a GPS that keep me from giving a five star rating. But overall a very decent phone given the price.

I've had this phone for six months, and it has been a great replacement phone. Like many other reviewers, I was stuck with a broken phone in the middle of my contract with AT&T; but still wanted a smartphone for the remaining period. My dream phone was the HTC One, but there was no way that was in my budget as a senior in my undergrad career. Front speakers just make the most sense. And these speakers are the best phone speakers I've had the opportunity to listen to. My iPad mini's speakers are just a tad better, but then again...it's not a phone. I've been happy with the pep of this phone. I use it mainly for Google Voice, calls, emails, light web browsing, and random apps. I've never felt frustrated with the speed. It's not sluggish, but it's also not the zippiest.There are some odd things about this phone that will take getting used to since coming over from the Samsung Galaxy world. Some of these things could be unique to my individual phone, so don't be quick to dismiss this phone when considering a new one.CONS:1. The touch buttons on the bottom of the screen (you know, the menu, home, and back buttons) never lit up from day one. Not a biggy. My thumb quickly memorized where they were. Is this just me?2. No navigational GPS. :( No fix for this one other than to buy a Garmin.3. About once a month the screen will behave all screwy and not listen to my thumb. For example, it will show my open apps, and when I try to swipe to close apps it disappears back to the home screen or a recent app. It sometimes does this without me even touching the screen. This problem is temporarily fixed by locking and unlocking the screen. Very temporary, though.4. Call volume is quiet even at full volume. I fix that by putting on speaker phone. Problem solved.5. The camera is absolutely AWFUL. My first smartphone in 2010 had a better camera. It has no LED to light a dark place. Don't even bother taking pictures at night. I've gotten around this problem by appreciating what's in front of me in the moment. So perhaps this phone has done me a huge favor...PROS:1. The phone has never locked up. I have never removed the battery to hard reset it.2. One charge has lasted me up to FOUR whole days of use. With average use I charge it after two full days. Impressive!3. WiFi range is excellent. It is always connected when I unlock the screen.4. This phone (actually this version of Android) has an auto turn on option. I turn off my phone at night to conserve power, not that I need to with the great battery life, and it turns itself on in the morning so my alarm goes off without worry.5. Solid construction. I have butter fingers, and it's surviving quite impressively without a case.6. The dual SIM feature is perfect. I'm on my last month with AT&T; and am giving H2O Wireless a try. I currently run both services at the same time to see how H2O compares. By the way, H2O uses AT&T;'s network, so coverage should be similar if not the same. We'll see.7. The screen is beautiful. Yeah, it's not a retina display, but I still stand by the Dash Music 4.0's screen brightness and image quality.8. NO BLOATWARE. It's pretty much the stock version of Android 4.2.2. Great for those who are OCD with organization. :)Overall, I would recommend this to a friend if they were in a pinch. If you DO have the funds to buy a Samsung or HTC, etc. they might have more of the features you want. If your budget is tight buy this phone without a doubt.

Is this phone perfect? Not at all, but for how much it costs it performs great. I've had the phone for nearly a month now, and it is so much better than the Nokia Lumia 521 I had. The only semi-complaint I have is that the touchscreen isn't always very responsive- probably due to the type of glass that is used.Again, this phone is fantastic, but make sure you know its limitations:-Edge, H+, and 3G only, not 4G capable-No front facing camera or flash. Rear camera is 3.2 pixels-Runs Android 4.2, and won't/can't be upgraded to 4.4-Looks/feels a little cheap when compared to high-end phones

It's a great phone, aesthetically it looks fantastic. The only problem I've encountered is that (at least with T-mobile), it loses its connection in some areas, but that's probably the carriers fault.Other than that, I recommend it.

great phone! only one problem is that the camera sucks real bad (like reeeeeally bad) but otherwise its great value for money! i love it!!

I have had this phone for a month now, and have loved this phone. I have it on the Straight Talk service and at first I couldn't get MMS to work, but after trying different APN settings I found online, i got it to work.MMSC:[...]MMS Proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS Port: 80Settings came from [...]After trying that all my issues are gone and I have no complaints. Shipping was fast and price was great.

This phone sucks that I have to buy me a new phone I would never recommend for somebody to love that phone.

It's a very nice Phone. It worths the money. The quality of the sound should be improved. The WiFi works perfectly. It is highly recommended for movistar and movilnet in Venezuela (H+) it is not that good with Digitel.

I purchased this item and I am very satisfied with it. Great phone! It's not big and bulky nor small, about the size of the iPhone 4.

This phone is an excellent value for the money.  It is a full feature phone and the stereo speakers are good quality.  Overall very pleased with this phone

Got my new phone today and I do have to say, that I LOVE it. It's fast and love the way it just fits with everything I do. Had a little trouble setting up straight talk on it, but after fixed it rocks.

I've had this phone for a few days now & really like it, no flash or front camera but the speakers make up the difference for me. Good job blu.

I never got it die to either the weather or postal mistake. So I am not very happy I was getting it for my wife.

This is an excellent product for your money. Works well and has more features than was expected. If the prices of all the models can come down a little this brand will rival any of the bigger names in the cell phone industry.

It did everything i need to do . I put my T-mobile sim card in and it came up with no problems . Daughter is happy

I bought this device for my son's twelfth birthday and he absolutely loves it. The dual front speakers give off a nice sound quality when he is sharing a video or music. I acquired a prepaid talk and text plan and he uses wifi for data. This is a perfect set up for my &#34;tween&#34;. I have actually started researching a Blu device for myself so I won't have to renew a two year contract. I'm very pleased with Blu!

I really like the phone, but there is a learning curve to it.  It seems like very good quality, I think the graphics are pretty good.  I like a qwerty, but the virtual keyboard is pretty easy to use.

Right for the money. Has all the functions I need and the price is very attractive.

This phone is pretty good but its not complete, it has no direct setting for gps, the camera is terrible with no flash I'm definitely gonna buy another blue brand but this one is kinda weird

Good.The phone is one of the best encuanto price.recommendI  it. DUAL SYSTEM IS IN VENEZUELA AND WORKS FINE

This phone has been a pleasure to have so far. Finally made the move from Blackberry to android. Still miss my physical keyboard, but not the fact that their phones were simply falling behind in everything else. Battery life so fr is this phones only weak point. This is a great value!  Still can't figure out why people still cater to Samsung, Apple, etc.

Since I bought ,it has worked  only for two weeks. Since then the screen is blank, nothing can be seen n no icons, nothing. I took to a store. They  look at it and they told me that it is a waste. I have to buy another phone.When I call Amazon to return it, I was told that it was too late .

great phone. Really great features

It`s so good. It`s not damage. Good to use in Venezuela at Movilnet or Movistar. It`s a very nice celphone.

I bought this after my old phone died on me, I was low on money and the (at the time of purchase!) $100 price tag was appealing. I've had it since the end of November (it's now January 9th) and it is still running well. the dual core processor is more than enough to run the OS and all the applications I've tried to run on it, It runs GTA san andreas smoothly if you turn the settings down some.Aesthetically it has a pretty nice design, the only thing that looks a little cheap is the speaker holes on the front. I think it would have looked really nice if the holes were flush with the plastic, they have this concave look to them that makes it look like their molding process is inferior (and it very well could be) but i'm nitpicking here. Overall it feels really solid, and looks nice. the only thing that really limits this phone is the RAM. it only has 512mb which means if you're running too many apps it will force close them. if they bumped up the price a little and used 1gb this would be an amazing phone.The quality of the screen is decent, don't see any ghosting and the brightness is more than enough, I usually have it on the low or medium setting (there's a widget included that has wifi/blutooth/sync/brightness buttons on it that I keep on the home screen.)It was fairly easy to root. I had to use one of those automatic rooters, it was deigned for Chinese phones I don't recall the name though.Pros- Cheap- Looks and feels nice in your hands- has enough processing power to run 3D games- speakers on the front sound pretty good for phone speakers, even with music. (as long as you don't turn the volume up enough to cause distortion)- comes with plastic case and screen protector in the box (good because there's no aftermarket cases!)- battery life is good, I often see it go down to 80% after a day of mild use. If you're on it using skype and doing a video call you could see the battery drain in a matter of a few hours (pretty normal TBH) but on standby this thing easily lasts 3-4 days with minimal usage.Cons- 512mb of ram (knew what I was getting when I bought it though)- some language errors in the rom, barely noticeable though.For the price point, you really cant go wrong with this device. if this thing lasts me at least a year I'll be ecstatic, if the quality of this device is indicative of blus' other devices, I would be happy to purchase another phone from them sometime soon.

This phone was activated on Straight talk. It required a sim card that was purchased separately from them.It includes a case and screen protector. The Android operating system seems fast and responsive. The photos appeared to be good but not outstanding. The screen resolution was average. The voice quality was very good. Overall, I would consider it a value phone. I would purchase it again.

Good phone for older person, who does not want too much things on their phone. It is user friendly and easy to manage

Perfect phone from Blu for travel and entertainment as well. Very attractive phone, pulls so many eyes especially abroad where I used it. Had so many candidates in the country I used it who wanted to buy from me on my way back to the US.

I didn't know the brand before I got this, so my expectations were really low, but we're extremelly satisfied: Android performs well, no laggy interface, and batteries last long enough. Speakers are not the best but really loud! My kid is loving it.

I bought 2 phones to give as gifts and they are received verywell and so far no complaints on the performance.

Bought this phone for my niece as a upgrade and she loves it , works perfect has more apps like ordinary sumsung , its worth the price.

Okay so I ordered the pink one for my mom had no issues with it at all ordered the yellow one for myself  and it came with a few malware programs on it go into the app settings and look for weird box like kinda looks like Chinese writing. Or a thing called  Com.android.xmanager  if you have it send the phone back  that malware can also effect your pc/laptop  when connected to your phone via USB cable but amazon gave me full refund including shipping and taxes

Nice

I got this for a friend that's is super cheap.He didn't want a phone costing more than 100 bucks so I took the chance on this and it was a good choice.It has jellybean 4.1 and it basically functions as good as my $500 phone .He plays games on it and rocks his music all day and he's absolutely loving it.The screen is pretty good too but the internal storage is very small.Basically if you want a good cheap phone then this is a good buy

This is the second time I have had my phones stolen. I am really frustrated because I am disabled and I use my phone for everything and I haven't been able to reach anyone:(

its an ok phone

This blu phone is a very good one i bought and bring it to africa and it works great...i do really recommend it for international version.

I like this phone.  The sound quality is good, it's a good size, it was a good price.  All I wanted was a simple phone and nothing fancy.However, I have been plagued with Chinese spam apps since I got this thing.  They pop up constantly and install themselves even after I've uninstalled them.  I am certain this is not my doing, as the only thing I've put on this phone is the most popular Stopwatch app from google here and I read no reviews of anyone saying they got spammed as a result of this app.  I do not have a data plan and have the data settings as off.  I have used my home wifi on this phone only once to check my email, and discovered I don't like using the internet with a phone so didn't even open any messages, so I'm certain this didn't come from browsing on the internet either.I did some research and found out that there are lots of unlocked phones that end up pre-installed with spam apps.  I can not get rid of these things.  Chinese browsers, Chinese porn, Chinese dating apps.The phone (I'm assuming because of the apps) also seems to send "phone home" texts, and so I receive 15+ messages a day from +1121611611 saying "Error Invalid Number.  Please re-sent using a valid 10 digit mobile number or valid short code. 77db0f9043de11ef;310410659478026;359388050169345".  I get this text all day and night.Does anyone else have this problem?EDIT: I have contacted the Blu customer support about this issue, and if I find that this is not due to the phone itself, I'll happily redact this review.Aside from this the phone is fine.  But it's my first smart phone so I can't make any comparisons.But - it does what I want it to.  I make phone calls and they are clear.  I text people and it's much simpler having an actual key pad to text with.  The battery seems to last a very long time, and I like the way it looks.

I BOUGHT TWO OF THIS PHONES BY JANUARY 30th AND TODAY IS MARCH 1st AND I HAVE RECEIVED ONLY ONE. I HAVE CONTACTED THE DEALER SEVERAL TIMES BUT NOT SOLVE THE PROBLEM. I DEMAND MY PHONE RIGHT NOW, I ALREADY HAVE EXPECTED LONG TIME!!!!!!!

Very Nice Phone . I love it. Just need a good case for it. Need to protect it .

IT AN AMAZING PHONE I LOVE IT MUST GET IF U LOOKING FOR A CHEAP PHONE IT LIGHT AND HAVE EVERYTHING THAT YOU WANT ON A PHONE

brought this phone for my daughter to go overseas. It works well and has all the basic features of a phone.

Just got it yesterday so still playing with it but so far here is what i have.ProsFastLoud speakerst-mobile card works instantlyheadphones sound greatcamera is actually pretty nice for a 3.2mpconsscreen is not the best

I am surprised (for its price) by the velocity and screen quality. Although the screen viewing angles are not the same as apple products, they're reasonable for this brand and model.

A little disappointing that it does not hold a charge for a couple days. I am learning how to use this wonderful phone.Patrica neal

Update 6/8/14: The phone works great 80% of the time. The other 20% it exhibits a strange problem: the screen will get very grainy and white with lines. The touch part of the screen still works and you can still access all the apps and they work. There seems no consistency at all in this behavior. I haven't contacted BLU yet because they would likely ask to have the phone sent to them, leaving my husband without his phone... due to this issue, I'm down-grading the phone to 3 stars from 4.I wish I'd bought him the Advance 4.0. It's been working fantastic AND gets data in our area. Bother.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought Advance 4.0 (A270a) ) for myself and the Dash Music (D272a) for my husband. These models are very similar to each other, and I'll compare them a bit in this review.First, this is a very nice looking phone. I think it looks more "manly" than the Advance, which is why I got it for my husband. We're use to low-end Go Phones, so this was a really nice upgrade. It feels a little more fragile than our old phones, but not cheap. It's certainly way more stylish than the Pantech CrossOver my husband had previously...Second, we use T-mobile and, yes, this phone works just fine with that carrier. All the settings were loaded automatically from the Sim card. Interestingly, this phone has fewer "Data Bands" than the Advance, so it tends to have spottier 4G/3G coverage than the Advance. Except in really large buildings, this phone gets great cellular and text reception. (If having data consistently is a big issue for you, I recommend getting the Advance.)Third, the camera is mediocre. My husband's old Pantech had a 3.0mp camera on it and it still took better pictures than the one on this phone! Focus is terrible and it just seems to have problems in any lighting that is not "Outdoor-Sunny". (The Advance's camera is just as bad too, even though it's got 5.0mp camera and a flash.)Forth, even though it has a 4GB ROM the actual usable space for apps is less than 2GB. This will be problematic for some people who install large apps that can't be moved to the SD card. But for people like my husband this isn't much of an issue. His prior phone had something like 256MB of space and he never complained about a lack of space. (Note: I use AppMgr to help me sort through programs that can be moved to the SD card. I save a lot of space on my ROM with it.)Also, this is a very very bare-bones Android 4.2 OS. It only has the very basic features (calls, text, calender, camera, and clock). This is great for people who don't like having extra programs forced on them, but inconvenient for people who like everything to "just work" out of box.Weirdly, Android 4.2 really limited it's ability to customize your ringtone assignments. This isn't BLU's fault, of course, but a poor design decision on Google's part. My husband was really disappointed though. He loved the high level of customized ringtone assignments you could do in Android 3.2 and really felt the lose when he "upgraded".Fifth, the screen is sharp and clear but has pretty bad viewing angles up and down. Right to left viewing angles are fine. And, as has been with phones in the past, direct sunlight makes your screen unviewable. The touch capacity is comparable to other entry-level phones in this price range. (Basically, get Swiftkey or some program similar to it to make up for the deficiencies in the touch screen.)Sixth, one thing this phone does right is the speakers: they are front facing. The Advance 4.0 has the main speaker on the lower back, where you'd usually hold it with your hand. Thankfully that design flaw in not present here! The speakers are also reasonably loud. Don't expect anything super high quality though, and if you're in a noisy environment you'll have problems, but for a cell phone under $100 the speakers are acceptable. As a bonus, BLU is nice enough to include a headset (earsbuds + mic).Seventh, Battery life seems reasonable? Part of the problem with cell phones is your battery life will be heavily determined by what you're doing with the phone. Battery life seems average. (Note: I found a replacement batter for the Advance in the BLU Amazon Storefront under Accessories. I'm pretty sure I saw one for the Music Dash as well...)Not knowing much about the BLU brand, I can't comment on longevity. However, if these phones last for more than a year I'll consider them a success and BLU will have a returning customer. :)

this isn't the best phone for an adult its kinda slow and drops calls and when texting the words your trying to type are not even close to what is on the screen so you have to retype over and over but it was new and makes calls I guess better then no phone at all

I was getting this phone as a second phone to use on a trip and I was pleased right off the bat with it's smooth pace of function and ability to use the dual sim. The camera isn't the greatest at 3.2 mp but it still can capture a moment in good lighting. Anyone looking for a great budget phone to use I'd give this two thumbs up.

Upon receiving this phone I noticed that the seal stickers were broken, and the box had been opened.  The stickers say if they are broken to send it back.  (And I did not want a used phone when I bought a new one).  I sent it back for a replacement.  When I got the &#34;new&#34; phone its package had been opened as well.  I sent it back for a refund.

Phone works great so far, have it for only a month now and both sims slots works well. Problems i found was the camera quality not that good and when you take pictures there is a delay of 2-3 sec before the picture is actually taken out after you snap. Another problem was that after continuos texting i realise the keys stop vibrating when i press them while typing messages. Funny though but when i set the system to not vibrate keypad it still vibrates when typing messages and then sometimes it stops on its own even when i have the vibrate keypad on.

Like it, easy to handle, good product

I broke my iphone 4 and needed a replacement phone that didn't cost $400-$600. Since I have AT&T; and no upgrade available for a while, I was on my own. I wanted 4G smartphone that I could still download all of the same apps as the iphone pretty much and then I found this one. For a little over $100 I am VERY happy with the capabilities of this phone. And it's an android so it has access to large variety of apps. It can also hold 2 sim cards at a time.When I ordered it I was sad that I could not find a phone case or screen protector for this phone since it isn't a very popular model, but boy was I glad when I opened up the box and realized a screen protector and case were already included, along with the headset and charger of course.So far the only thing I miss, is the way someone could text you a phone number and you could click on that number and save it directly into your contacts. But it's not that big of a deal to me.I most DEFINITELY would recommend this phone.

I order the phone last week  and found out that they are not even in stock. Was told that  by March 3 or 11 that I will get the phone. The site is still falsely advertising that the  BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272a Unlocked Dual SIM Phone (Pink) by BLU available and they are not. Contacted customer service and they are not even a 100 % sure the phone will be available to ship on March 3 or 11. I canceled my order, but I do not understand why Amazon still have this item available when they are not. I can not rate the product, but I can rate Amazon.com for their lack of truth on their site. No stars, more then very disappointed, but it requires a star.

Excellent phone,

The only reason I didn't give this a 5 star rating is due to the fact that there's quite a bit of fiddling around required to figure things out and you can't get a whole picture image to set as a wallpaper/background. Other than that, it's a good buy.

Awesome,  really enjoyed it very much.

I really like the BLU DASH for the money very pleased I  hope they get phone covers soon..It will be tested when I start my travels

the phone is a nice phone just that it doesn't have a lot of memory... everything works great...

This a nice phone with easy to use features. My only complaint is I wish that the battery held a charge longer and I wish that the screen was a little sharper.  However, for the price of this phone you will not find a better phone.

This phone doesn't have GPS.  I figured that was standard on almost any phone.  The speakers to sound great but it is cheap for a reason.

I purchased this unit because of its size.  It fits in my hand much easier than my larger blu dash 5. So for long phone calls this phone has its advantages. At the price this phone was easier than using the 2nd SIM slot on the larger phone. Honestly I'm not a big fan of android, in fact I hate it, but  the phones with the computer interface options I loved are getting phased out.  With no better options I deal with this new (and annoying) android technology as the only logical way to still send and relieve text messages on my computer (It takes Gmail and an interface app to accomplish that through any net access ...it works and even works if I forget the phone at home and I'm on a computer at work, a somewhat scarey but useful operational  android APP/Gmail feature...)But as a basic android phone... no problems out of the box.  Pretty much this phone can do anything my much more expensive android phones can do. Its music speakers are (as expected) about as good as my friends I-Phone speakers, and that is not good for music quality but pretty good for my audio books and interviews/lectures. They do make for one loud ring volume. If you want to add audio files, or  run every APP you can get your hands on (or never delete your emails/text/photos) add the external memory.  Pictures are fine but keep in mind it has no flash (and thank God no front facing camera).Note...it was tricky getting the SD mem card to sit properly in its slot.  At first I thought it would not accept any SD card. I tried several. then I found its metal clip flips up before the card can go all the way in... poor design and no instructions but...once you know u know

I GOT THIS PHONE BECAUSE I NEEDED A UPGRADE ON MY OLD PHONE. ITS A GREAT SIZE WITH A MP3 COMES WITH HEAD PHONE, CASE, AND SCREEN PROTECTOR. BUT IT TAKES HORRBILE PICTURES AND IT DROPS EVERY SINGLE CALL I HAD. IT WORKS GOOD WITH STRAIGHT TALK I JUST DIDNT HAVE THE RIGHT SIM CARD. THIS PHONE IS PEOPLE WHO LISTEN TO MUSIC A LOT THE PHONE IS VERY LOUD WITH OR WITHOUT HEAD PHONE. KINDA LIKE A IPOD/MP3. VERY DISAPPOINTED FOR THE PRICE I PAID.

The only things this phone is missing is an LED notification light and GPS functionality (at least out of the box). Otherwise it has everything one could ever ask for in a phone and features 2 SIM slots. The onboard Android OS is vanilla, without any of the crap that AT&T/Samsung/Motorola/Sprint/etc. like to shove on them, so it's very quick. Screen looks good, build quality is good. Comes with a case. Would buy again for sure. For this price, the value is insanely good.

Fine but not the color Blue everything else is exact all the features such as the music and other things just could't contact seller
