
The specs of this phone is one of the best with such a low price.As this phone is a google phone it get all the Android updates OTA and first in line.

Best phone ever, not only between all my previous ones, of all the ones that I've seen or tried.Amazing experience, fast, battery lasts enough to get back home after work.I'd totally recommend it, if you are considering it, go for it, iPhone has nothing to do against it.

Love the phone, good speed, all that. Only thing I find awkward about is, so that when I try to change the volume from the controls on the left of the phone, I often accidentally press the power button on the right of the phone...which is annoying. I have to then press the power button again and log in to continue what i was doing

What can I say about this phone. It features some nice hardware. As you can see form the specs, this phone has quality internals. If there is a way to connect, this phone has the hardware for it. 2/3/4G, wireless charging, NFC, WiFi you name it. Google made sure you could connect to everything. It is a bare bone Google device running the latest kitkat. With this device you will always get the latest Google releases. Google Now service recognizes patterns in your life and helps you with directions and notifications if you wish to give up some of your data for it to analyze. I cant say that the battery is great. The 1080p screen drains the battery the most for me. If you subscribe to a lot of google services you need this type of phone.Pros+BIGGEST PRO is the processingGreat Screen at 1080pGreat call qualityGreat at connecting and featuresGoogle services work wellGreat firmwareGood build, simple and feels like great quality plasticGood tolerances on build. Feels solid.Cons-BIGGEST CON- battery life is awful (probably the 2.3GHz processor and 1080p 5&#34; screen.Bulky compared to S4 and G2Decent camera but could be better (would have paid more for a better camera)I definitely recommend unless the battery is a big factor and you do not have to many chances to charge.

It's a very good cell phone. It's Very fast and the battery is much better than my Galaxy SII's battery.

is by far the best andriod experience I've had so far, definitely a great work by google, can't wait to see the next one in the nexus series

phone was well worth getting no complaints at all Only if it worked with Verizon but that's Verizon's loss ha

As someone who has experienced all of the available options for smartphones (Windows, Android, IOS) I feel I am able to make an decent assessment of this phone. And boy is it a great phone. Although the IPhone is the more popular choice, I would highly recommend reconsidering that. The Nexus 5 is a quick little beast, and is just as slick and smooth looking on the outside. I have never received compliments on my IPhone's or Windows phone's ever...yet the Nexus draws them like ants to a picnic. The Nexus is the perfect size, and the quality of the build is fantastic. The apps run smooth as butter, and the with the latest Android update I am more than pleased. Try it out for yourself, and you will very soon see the reason why so many are raving about what a fantastic piece of technology it really is.

I liked very much the slim feature of the phone and the rapid response of the phone apps...I deffinitely recommomed it

Unfortunately, my Nexus 5 came broken. With the infamous light bleeding issue... The phone itself is a beast, super fast. Although, the NEXUS 5 has major flaws... 1. Terrible speakers... 2. Mediocre Camera compatible to the Galaxy S3. 3. The Nexus 5 seems to be built with poor materials, very light...  I returned it in the next day (got yesterday my full refund)... Now, I changed my mind, I love taking pictures... So, today I am getting the Lumia 1020... My first windows phone...  Hopefully, I will like it!

It's everything and more of what people are saying on the reviews, if you want a very fast phone at a good price buy the Nexus 5.. Even with the overprice its a perfect choise, it is the perfect Android experience. I have it since last week and im very much in love with this phone.

Great phone with google experience, light, battery disapponting.It's unloked i live in Mexico, i just changed the sim card from y old one the nexus and it started working, no hassels.The battery does not hold the full day you have to recharge it.Its greta to have a phone that come only with android no extras added from the manufacturer

Firstly, this is definitely the best phone I have owned or used. It's light to hold, the screen is crisp and bright and performance is very good. The only cons I've found are1. The camera could be better. It's not bad by any means but if you zoom in enough you can see graininess and indistinct edges2. It's easy to cover the one speaker grill accidentally with one finger which mutes it entirely

The shipping document of WHITE version says that's the D820 (North America) version. Is the black phone the D821 (rest of the world) version? thanks in advance.As for the money value, this Nexus has a great price for it's spec. 4/5 for the battery.I for one would have gladly accepted a few more millimeters to the thickness of the device, in order to have a better battery. While some of the few downsides can be solved with software updates, the battery cannot.

Google Nexus 5 Unlocked GSM Phone, 32Gb (Black) Awesome phone.  Love it, worth every dollar. I need a case now!!!

It is simply great. Light, great screen, wonderful  coverage, works in places my Nexus 4 didn't. Excellent price as well.

Compared with other smart phones on the market the Nexus 5 offers all the features at a very competitive price.

Hi, the phone is really nice. The only comment when I got it the box was open. I I don't know why but this is what happen plus I don't see anything says that box open.Other thing I don't like with Google and app the permission they request to use them appOther than that fine to me.Cheers

Do not buy from amazon. They are clearly mislabeling the product. Actual LG product SKU number is &#34;LGD820.AUSGBK&#34; this is a 16GB us black model not a 32Gb as listed. Amazon's SKU number B00GDH0NU is just labeled over it as a 32GB model. Don't waste you time buying this and having to return it thinking you will get a 32Gb version.Phone is great, just don't buy it here. This review only reflects Amazon's fulfillment and warehouse Management.Working on posting picture to show what Amazon is really shipping.

Well I guess I have not too much to say about it. AWESOME smartphone, this thing is a flying rocket, once again Google did an excellent job.I've just upgraded from a Google nexus 4, here is a little list of things:1. The screen, it is much better, brighter colors and of course better definition and sharpness.2. Storage. Dammit, 32GB for a phone? I barely used the entire 16GB of my old nexus 4 and now I have nothing to fill it with... Still have 23GB or so free from the storage available. Oh by the way, I bought the 32GB version of course, and I must say I play games and watch videos, movies and stuff like that in my 2013 Nexus 7 (maybe that is why I can't fill it).3. Weight. Its so lightweight that I'm afraid of dropping it off... Waiting for my case right now... Just in case.4. Fast as hell. God, this thing run fast...  And Android optimized (as any Google device), make your conclusions.5. Nice camera. Well, just 8Mpx, but it takes nice photos... You know the entire focus and stuff...6. PRICE. One just simply CAN'T beat it.As you can read, happy Nexus 5 owner here.

Great Phone! Easy to use and highly customizable. State of the art technology at an affordable price. You should try it!

My nephew loves it.  It was is birthday present,  it does all that he wants.  I only have input from him.

Delivery time: excellent.Product: I love this phone. It is fast, it charges very fast, there is an update for the camera to fix issues reported in previous reviews, NFC works very good, tethering is very good and can be configured with just 3 &#34;clicks&#34;. After updating the camera software it works great.I would just recommend a few UX enhancements for the OS, but those recommendations are not for the phone itself, those are for the OS, which I'm not scoring in this review

This phone seems great, at least for the 24 hours that I've had it so far.  But DO NOT TRUST THE LIST PRICE SHOWN ABOVE.  Buy this phone on Google's own site.  It retails for $399, not the $482.50 that I paid because I was too dumb to shop around first, and certainly not the $599 &#34;list price&#34; shown here on Amazon.My order was supplied by some outfit called 'Electro Bros Inc.  I am a little upset that I just paid somebody $83.50 for no good reason. Their business model seems to be &#34;let's buy some phones from Google, and then sell them at a premium to suckers on Amazon.&#34;  Well, I was the sucker today.  Eff me.That said, this phone beats the pants off my old iPhone 3GS, but that's not saying much at this point.

Ok good so google is experimenting getting in the market of smartphones, I was curious because I like google as a brand but this is phone is just that A BRAND. Is not good at all I am so frustrated and is only day 4 after my purchase, I regret it! Since day 1 it starting giving me troubles, day 2 the power button started not working to unlock the screen, the battery drains incredible fast!!! :( and a friend told me it's ok they fixed it with an upgrade, LIES, don't believe all you read on internet google, you will find beautiful reviews coming up first on the browser when you search for this phone also why I decided to buy, but when it started giving me troubles I searched 'Power Button not working' I found the 12 things done wrong on the nexus 5 ONLY day 2 and all the things from that list I could identify, my friends tell me they hear lots of background noise, agh is just to much, a person should feel excited about a new phone not so disappointed and frustrated as I am, I recommend not only reading the good reviews go search for the list of things that are wrong about the phone you wanna buy. And $400 for this phone is A LOT google brags about how cheap it is, well is not cheap because for that price you should get a phone that rings when someone calls you, that is another thing! I miss the calls! I realized because someone complaint I was not answering the phone and then went to the phone icon and there was 6 missed calls and keeps happening, arrghh...I think is the worst phone I ever had the only thing I like about it is the screen. But for that price is NOT WORTH IT. oh also another thing about the 16gb version is that when you go check the storage you only really get 12.55GB not 16GB as they advertise so I feel this is misleading advertising and I wish someone could demand them, I will post this review everywhere to save others from wasting the money.

I bought nexus 5, the February 17, 2014 and at first everything worked fine. Now, the phone restarts every time I use it.this started a week ago. at the beginning any program that I used, froze unexpectedly. Now all programs freeze unexpectedly and immediately the phone reboots.I did a hard reset, but the problem persists.I do not know what should I doI thought this was an excellent phone, but I'm starting to believe it is the worst device in the market.LG have no answer, and I do not know who I claim for a solution

Beautiful phone.  Elegant in simplicity.  Fast.  Screen is beautiful. I moved up from Galaxy S III.  No comparison.  Battery life is amazing from anything I had in the past.  I have a Nexus 7 (2013) and love it.  Google's Nexus products are the bomb. I hope Google keeps them coming with their simple clean operating system.

It's an excellent phone. I'm really picky with my mobile phones and I've found this one faultless. Really, it's impressive.

Amazing!!

This was the best user experience transfer ever. I felt like I was in a Chrome Book commercial.I received my phone from the Google Store(Already fully charged I might add) and went to the T-Mobile store to upgrade my sim card. The T-Mobile guy asked if he could help transfer anything from my old phone and I just smiled and said no thanks(Thanks to Google and my other apps everything is synced to the cloud). I signed on to the WiFi at the T-Mobile store, logged into my Google Account with two factor authentication. Everything downloaded to my phone. My apps installed on the way home over 4G. I got home and my phone automatically connected to my WiFi &#34;It already knew the pass code info&#34; (it's synced in the cloud), kinda scary! Glad I have two factor authentication. I'm done, everything is installed on my phone and I'm back to work already. Thought it was going to be a multiple hour project.And you were going to get an Apple product? Ha! why bother? Connecting your phone to a computer is a thing of the past and has been!Thanks Google, for an awesome user experience!

Recommended. Pay attention to the battery life, specially on bad network coverage. The screen also consumes too much energy. So, I recommend reduce the bright to 50%, which is enough. I would appreciate if it have better view against the sun. Beyond that, the device is pretty fast.

i love it is great deali recomended for anyone wants a top of the line phone and cheapgreat

This is a superb product and a strong competitor to Apple's iPhone and Samsung Galaxy s4. Android OS Kitkat runs very smoothly on the state of the art hardware packed in this small unit. It is very very light and has very sleek feel to it. Price is well below that of unlocked iPhone and galaxy. I haven't used for too long, so cannot comment on whether battery deteriorates quickly or not. But it holds up very well till now. Camera is pretty good, not great for taking photos in dark or near dark. I would strongly recommend going for 32gb capacity for 50 bucks extra.Make sure to double check the price with google store before making the purchase. If its less then request Amazon to price match (they did it for me).On the downside, I read that google is discontinuing nexus series after their sell of motorola mobile division to Lenovo. If that is true then very soon it will be difficult to find good cases or screen protectors for this phone.

I received it pretty fast without any problem at all, as for the phone itself it is extremely fast especially since I'm upgrading from a Samsung Galaxy S1. Plus at only 399$ it's the best phone I could get.

There are widespread problems with this phone. As you can see from the link below, lots of people are having problems with missed calls and voicemail notifications. I personally often do not receive calls (or voicemail notifications) unless the phone is on 3G. The phone had been out for months, but no solution. No answer from google.  [...]

This phone has met my expectations 100%, works very well, capabilities are amazing, and software is fastest than other cellphones.

Upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy Nexus by Google to this beast.Hardware:Screen - 1080p screen.  Beautiful, sometimes feels a little &#34;washed out&#34;, but is quite sharp while playing videos.Battery - 2300 mAh, only lasts me 6-7 hours of screen-on time.  Lasts the entire day if I stay off the phone and pay attention in class... standby time lasts me all day.Camera - Wish the shutter speed was faster, but I'm not a heavy camera user unless I'm sight-seeing or at a concert.  Optical Image Stabilizing makes a huge difference.  GREAT video recording!!!  The mic picks up all the audio perfectly at a concert.Speakers - Probably the worst part of the phone if you're watching a YouTube video with a friend.  Located at the very bottom of the phone, the real speaker is located behind the left holes, and the right holes are &#34;fake speakers&#34;.  If you cover the left holes, the sound will be muted.  However, 95% of the time I'm using my earbuds to listen to my own music, so it's not a big deal.Design - Feels great in the hands, and the soft-touch back just feels sturdy and easy to grip.  Goes to show you don't need an aluminum metal casing around the phone for it to feel like a quality phone.  The ceramic power and volume buttons are nice and add to the solid experience.  However, I prefer to have the volume jack on the bottom of the phone, but it is easy to get used to.Processor - Snapdragon 800 is extremely buttery.  Everything runs fine with all my apps and data imported (Galaxy Nexus got laggy).  Google Now is quick to use.Software:Android Kit Kat 4.4 - Best experience of the phone.  It's the real reason anybody would purchase an Android phone, especially from Google.  Google Now and the Google Experience makes everything so efficient and is very user friendly.  It syncs everything within your Google account, taking your contacts, locations, sports teams, bookmarks, Chrome searches, etc. and keeps everything up to date.  A pure Google experience that anyone would love.The always-on Google search feature delivers fast & accurate searches that beat our household iPhone Siri every time.Overall:Easily the best Android phone on the market, and you really cannot contend with a $350/$400 Google phone.  The very small shortcomings of the speaker, and itty bitty detail of the camera is almost negligible.  This pure Android experience is for everyone.

BProduct good, but items were kept outside the door without any customer sign or any intimation.

I purchased this phone directly from Google and while it's a great upgrade from my iPhone 4 it does have its issues. GPS is weak if you're on a closed room, auto focus on the camera is very slow at night and pictures do not always come out sharp (although overall quality far surpasses the iPhone 4's)and it doesn't have a physical home button which could make it much easier to turn on the screen. Finally I had to install a separate phone dialer app because Google Phone does not open (at least on my phone).What's good about this phone? Price ($399 for 32GB), fast processor, big display, Google apps and services, plus it's unlocked so you can travel internationally and get local or international SIM's.

I can recomend this phone as a very usefull tool, to comunicate, to work, etc., it is fast, very nicelly to handle it

Great Phone. It is in great condition. The only issue is that I ordered the black version and they sent me the white version. Other than that, I'm very satisfied.

Not sure why people are buying from Amazon when this phone is much cheaper buying it directly from Google Play Store.  The 32gb version is only $399 if you buy it from Google (349 for the 16gb version).  So if you want to pay more, buy it here.  Otherwise, why put money into someone else's pocket?

I am an Apple product user, but had recently sold my iphone 5 to my daughter. I needed another smartphone, but didn't want to purchase the iPhone 5s instead waiting for the launch of the iphone 6 this fall. As an interim, I researched and decided on this Nexus 5. Also because my youngest son,who is in college talked about an unlocked Google Nexus smartphone as his next best choice; whoch I will pass this Nexus 5 to him, once the iphone 6 is available to purchase. I also decided on this Google product, because of the lack of any LG overlays, so much cleaner usage. I also do very much like the swipe typing feature, which the IOS software does not have.  I do not like the small earpiece that went into LG's design of this phone, as I always have to adjust the position of my ear to hear a caller. I like the &#34;no physical Home button&#34; on the face of this phone, bc the phone has a fluid look on the front.  I'm still learning how to use this new Nexus 5 phone.

The glass circular behind is very external, salient. No protection! And I don't want put one in it.The new screen size, is not absolute. The photos, for example, doesn't appear in 5&#34;.The duration of the battery charge is very short.At the most, I was pleased.

Excellent phone. Nice to grab, it is always updated (google)

I love everything about this phone. After researching several  competitor phones, I chose this one. I was aware of its so-called shortcomings, but I don't really see many areas for improvement. Everyone said the camera was difficult to use, but I think you just have to spend a few minutes getting familiar with it and it's cake. This is hands down the best phone I've ever owned, or even used.

Wow, at this price you cannot get a better Android phone, maybe best phone overall. Check out my full review over at ModoGiz.com.

Perfect product, works very well. The speed is awesome. The only drawback with N5 in comparison with SG5 is the display is slightly pale or yellowish.

great phone, everything you can expect from a nexus phone. The battery life its pour but whit some root hacks i extended it to 10-12 hours per day, intensive use

I got this phone direct from Google when it first came out. The phone features are excellent. The screen is bright and big, maybe too big for stuffing in your front pocket. The processors are powerful and I have never noticed any lag when switching from app to app. Android 4.3.3 is very powerful and there are many apps available on the Google Play Store.Now for my complaints: As I mentioned earlier, the phone is big and is not easily stuffed in small pockets. There is no physical button on the front of the phone, so when you are using your phone with encrypted storage, like I am for work, the only way to wake the phone up is to press the button on the upper right side. The volume button doesn't bring up the lock screen nor does tapping on the glass. And finally, there's the battery life. This phone is so powerful that if you turn on all the features, like Google+, NFC, Bluetooth, wifi, GPS, etc... you will have a hard time making it through the entire day without needing to charge the battery. I have turned many of those features off and now the phone can usually survive overnight before needing a recharge.I recently used a Samsung Galaxy Light, which has a much smaller form factor, and I am considering whether or not I really need the power of the Nexus 5...

Great Device. Love the fact the it has core android OS and is not bloated with carrier and manufacturer's junk. I highly recommend this device to anyone.

This is one of, if not the best deals in the smart phone market. The screen is beautiful, the pure android experience runs flawlessly with this snapdragon processor, all for a reasonable price off contract.This would easily be 5 stars if not for the flawed faceplate. The supposedly tough gorilla glass plate is weakened by a poorly cut hole for the handset's speaker. I put the phone in my mouth in order to use both hands for something, and the screen shattered like a rotten egg.Customer support says it's not covered under the warranty, which doesn't really surprise me, though it's still frustrating.

I like it but Just saying it's an Unlocked phone is very Deceiving.. It would have been nice if the description had said GSM only phone.- Cuz I am am only in a Verizon Service area- So Now I have a $400 MP3 player-  thanks alot (insert Sarcasm)

Has 2gig of ram everything runs smooth and beautifully, great with large size games, 1080p HD screen beautiful and  crisp. Battery could do better ,great camera it's 8 mega pixels but it so takes great shots. In short they cut back on the camera and battery a little but gave it to you for a crazy low price making it a great deal and a great phone to own

Until this year, the only phones I had were Blackberries [and I'm 22!]. They were easy to use and not cluttered with apps I didn't want or need. When it came time to upgrade, my brother INSISTED I buy the Nexus 5. Here are the reasons I appreciate him for forcing me to upgrade:1) I own this phone. It is mine, outright, no contracts or phone companies or inflated price.2) Google has incredible technical support. Any problem your phone has, they have an easy and well explained solution.3) This phone is the absolute best phone you can get. No matter what phone it goes up against, it wins. It runs faster and more smoothly, is wonderfully clean and minimalistic. It is easy to use and without fail, &#34;ask Google&#34; is more efficient and correct than Siri will ever be.4) It takes really great pictures, especially considering the price. I haven't used my digital camera since buying this phone.5) Because Google makes Android operating system (who knew?), the Nexus receives updates before everyone else ;)If you buy this phone, you WILL NOT regret it.

The Nexus 5 is currently the best phone available between $300-$400. Fast updates and stock android on an unlocked phone can't be beat.

You can check the ratings, it's the best phone on the market for the price.  It's easy to operate and haven't frozen on me once as of yet.  The battery life is good if you don't play too many games.  I don't have games and it can survive for up to 36 hours.

Great product !!!!  It s the best phone at this time. It s easy to use and big like i need

I switched from HTC One recently.  Speakers are pretty weak and screen is not as vibrant as HTC One.  Everything else is so much better though.  Phone is physically same size for larger screen.  It is much lighter and faster with newer version of android.  Unlocking bootloader is a breeze.  Wireless charging is one of the best things about it too.  Definitely recommended, even if it cost a lot more than it does!

I should have done my homework better. I overpaid something like $80 for not buying it from the Google store. Live and learn. I do like the phone itself although it has a problem with the camera driver, if I remember correctly, that was making the battery drain too fast. But following some tips y found for this issue, it is working great.

arrived on time, all i expected and more. comfortable and easy to use. highly recommended. only down side is the size

Smooth , fast decent battery over all very happy . pure Google experience not going back to the iPhone 5

I am very pleased with my nexus but I had the surprise to have to pay an extra 60 euros because of customs regulations (I live in Belgium).So I'll find another way to buy such a product next time.

Do not get tricked by the many people 5 starring this product.They are all deceived.Resist the hype and don't buy this phone.

Have used it for over a month now. Migration from galaxy exhibit ii 4g was very smooth. Occasional restart issues. Worked with my existing T-Mobile plan, with the micro Sim. Miss Wi-Fi calling for sure.

FULL DISCLOSUREI should include the disclaimer that I am an avid user of a number of google apps via the Android platform and services through google for business. For one, using an android device provides an integrated experience with all things google (Google Calendar, GMail, Docs et al) and provides an ecosystem alternative at a very affordable price - which brings me to the Nexus 5.LIKES5&#34; displayLook / feel - minimalist with a good solid feel that isn't bulkyDesign - OS and features are very well put together and the &#34;pure android&#34; experience is a promise I look forward toDISLIKESBattery life - as expected at the price, I believe (Minimum of 1 full charge the night before and average use)Call quality - not sure what the secondary microphone does for you, but I have had a few call quality challenges that seemed to even out after the first week or so when I got the phone.ATTRACTION - PRICE, AND &#34;PURE&#34; ANDROID EXPERIENCEThis phone was an attractive offering for me because of the price point, but also because of the exclusion of 3rd party software that comes with non-nexus android devices. In my opinion, the Nexus 5 delivers on the promise of an android experience that is curated by Google and free of 3rd party interference. Since this is my first nexus device, I'm yet to see what the update commitment will be over the lifetime of the device as Google releases OS updates / new versions.DESIGN: 4.8/5The design is somewhat minimalist in my opinion - especially the device exterior. The weight of the Nexus 5 is evenly distributed across the device, leaving you with a 5&#34; smartphone that feels light for it's size, but not flimsy or as cheaply made as you might fear at the price point.CALL QUALITY 3.8/5Starting out, in the first week after I got my device, there were phone call quality issues, but whether these went away because of software updates, or because my issues had nothing to do with the phone itself, I am unsure. Articles online suggest there were hardware changes too, and I suspect I got one of the &#34;newer&#34; versions after the modifications to the initial hardware for the nexus 5. My call quality today is as expected for a handheld device, but does seem to depend some on the secondary microphone positioned on top of the phone.BATTERY 3/5The battery is what you need to get through a day with power - the nexus 5 promises &#34;all day battery life&#34; which it delivers on at average use. Peak use sees you running out of power somewhere at the end of the work day. I would say for the price, the battery is satisfactory.CAMERA **The camera software took some getting use to - the design is different from what I had been use to with my last phone, but this shouldn't come as a surprise (new OS, new software). The photos appear to be pretty good, but not being an avid photo taker / critic myself, I'll refrain from scoring here.DISPLAY 4.8/5The display delivers on the pleasures of a larger smartphone (5&#34;).OVERALL 4.5/5Where 5 is the most awesome smart phone you could buy vs. value for price paid, I think the Nexus 5 gives you a very good deal @ the offered price. I spent $400 before tax on my 32GB model direct from Google, and considering the competing price points at &#62; $600, I'd say I feel very satisfied.

I'm so glad to have this phone. Is smooth and faster than any other that I've had. The camera works quite good, I don't know why some people are saying that is &#34;just fine&#34;. I totally recommended if you are looking for a faster, always up to date Android Smartphone.

In a year filled with all kinds of top-tier phones (Samsung Galaxy S4, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, HTC One, LG G2, Moto X, Sony Xperia Z1, Oppo N1), it's a nice problem to have for any Android consumer or tech enthusiast. My first Android device was an HTC/Google Nexus One, and maybe it's because of that phone that got me sold on Android. I've tried various iterations of the Android OS (with Sense, with TouchWiz, Blur, etc.), but I would keep gravitating to the pure, stock Android experience that I got with my Nexus One. Even flashing a custom ROM on my last phone (Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket) still left me wanting. So, I then looked at the landscape, and after going back and forth on what I want out of a phone, I ended going with the Nexus 5.Why do you ask? It has all the features I expect out of the phone, and on top of it, getting (and receiving updates straight from Google) the latest Android OS. Sure, other phones may be better than the Nexus 5 at one aspect or another, but for one reason or another, each of the other phones are missing something that's a deal-breaker for me. This phone has all the aspects I want, and it does it either good enough or better. Newest OS? Check. Seamless Google Now? Check. Blazingly fast UI? Check. Beautiful, more &#34;natural&#34; display? Check. Solid (it doesn't have to be spectacular) camera for photos and videos? Check. Battery life (again, at least 3/4 to a full day's worth)? Check. Understated, clean design? Check. Easily modifiable (unlocking, rooting, etc.) for the tinkerer in me? Ditto. Unique, as in you won't see this all over the place (I've had strangers ask me about this phone)? Ditto.There's been detractors out there, but I feel that alot of it is being too nit-picky about what to expect out of a phone. In the end of the day, you want a phone to work solidly all-around, and this one does it in spades.

The product is excellent! I would recommend it because it's very fast and simple, it has the last updates from Google!

THE PHONE IS VERY SMOOTH, THE PERFOMANCE IS A VERY GOOD TOO. I LOVE IT. DON`T FORGET GOOGLE NEXUS 5 FOR YOUR CHOISE IF YOU HAVE TO BUY A PHONE

This phone is very wonderful

Do a Google search for Nexus 5 screen shattered and you'll find the origin of my complaint. I had had the phone for four days when I set it down on my desktop and picked it up to find a shattered screen. This same thing is happening to hundreds of people. Some people even report waking up and noticing the screen was shattered, or taking the phone out of a jacket pocket and seeing it had shattered. It's unbelievable! Google will not accept the return because it's &#34;physically damaged,&#34; and LG (the manufacturer) takes the &#34;physical damage&#34; as evidence that you broke it, even if you tell them exactly how it broke during extremely ordinary use and must have been faulty from the start. Trying to work with the customer service is an absolute nightmare.Save yourself the headache and buy a phone that won't break because you look at it funny. This phone isn't worth the headache.

***I bought my phone directly from the GooglePlay store so have no comment on Amazon or the seller in this posting.  I'm just reviewing the device and my experience with GooglePlay.***I'd give the Nexus 5 '1 star' for my experience with the product, but I added '1 star' for Google's noble attempt to disrupt the current status quo by creating a well-equipped smartphone for a very reasonable price.I did considerable research on different smartphones before settling on this one.  Nexus 5 really is incredible value for the hardware and features it includes.  And I'm generally a big fan of Google and all its offerings, so I felt pretty good with my ultimate decision.That said, I think Google is venturing into unfamiliar territory by selling its own device through a retail channel and I would warn anyone against buying this.  My problem with the Nexus 5 developed about 3wks after receiving it in the mail from GooglePlay.  Randomly, the touchscreen would become unresponsive.  The side buttons would work and it appeared that the device was still connected to wifi and the cellular network, as I'd be receiving texts and email notifications.  But I couldn't access anything because the touchscreen did not work.I have spoken with GooglePlay support twice and both times the touchscreen worked after a &#34;Factory reset&#34; of the device, which takes about 30min and wipes your phone clean.  After one time running through it, I could handle that fix on my own.  But in reality a phone that suddenly and randomly becomes unresponsive, and requires a complete wipe/reset (need to re-enter all of your info and reinstall all apps), is almost worse than no phone at all (imo).  My problem has recurred in a random pattern, several weeks or days apart.  There is no specific action or context in which it malfunctions.Because the factory reset fixes the touchscreen issue (at least temporarily), GooglePlay believes that the malfunction relates to an app that I have downloaded and not defective hardware. They suggest resetting the device and using the device with no apps (what's the point of a smartphone?) and then slowly adding apps back one at a time, hopefully pinpointing the problem.  In reality, my issue has come up at random times and a few weeks apart so it is enormous task to test each app, one-by-one, over that time period to ensure that it is not the cause of the malfunction.  And while I use a medium/high number of apps, almost all of them are major reputable apps (most of them are recommended in the app store) and I don't play any games or have strange third-party apps.Google's other option is where  I take issue.  If I want to claim a defective device, as I believe is the case for mine, Google will send me a new device and return shipping for the original device (all good so far).  The Google warehouse then runs a diagnostic test to see if the original device is in fact defective, presumably a one-time test when they receive the device, which very well might not detect my random touchscreen malfunction, especially if their test involves a factory reset.  If they determine that the original device is free of defects, they will charge me for the new device and keep the original device.  They explicitly will not send back the original device, which they deemed fine and for which I paid for and own.  So at the end I will have paid for two devices but only have one.All of this is a long way to say that Google puts the consumer in a bad position, with only two unappealing options, should anything go wrong with your Nexus 5.  A big part of this situation relates to Android's open platform, which allows Google to disavow responsibility for any apps that you download and may cause you harm or malfunction.  But the other part of this situation is Google's lack of customer orientation: they require the customer to gamble and send back their device for testing at the risk of having to buy a brand new one if their 'warehouse test' comes back clear.  A brick-and-mortar establishment would be able to test the phone in person and address any issue right there.This is a very long review but I wanted to share my experience with others before they commit to this device.  As I said earlier, the Nexus 5 is a noble effort by Google and I'm generally a fan of the company but I would warn against buying direct from them.  May be worth a purchase through your service provider's store location.

It's only $350 on Google Play store! If you buy it there you can even get it in red! Please buy it on the google play store.

The phone is fast, has light weight, is beautiful and &#34;pure Android&#34;.It has all the things that I search for.

Updates to Review:12/9/13- Camera and Speaker section12/31/13- Camera4/17/14- CameraReview based on Google Nexus 5, Black, 32Gb.  Using ATT LTE.  Bought in the Google Play Store for $399.This phone produced by LG and designed for Google is their flagship phone for Android at half the cost of most the flagship phones from other companies such as Samsung, Sony and HTC and almost 2/3 less in cost than an unlocked 32 Gb iPhone 5s.Pros- Performance- As of December 2013 this is the fastest Android phone second only to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3.  Everything is ridiculously smooth.  Watch videos, browse the web and play games smoother than any Android phone currently on the market.  The iPhone has always been the standard for smooth performance and I would go as far to say that the gap has closed enough between the latest iPhone 5s and the Nexus 5 that the difference is either imagined or a non-issue.- Screen- 1080p in your palm on a 5 inch screen is glorious.  I have a 7 inch tablet that I really don't even use anymore because viewing things on my phone is such a pleasure that there is no need to switch to a tablet.  Compared to an amoled the blacks are not as black and the colors are cooler (or less vibrant as some would say).  A lot of people prefer this more vibrant look of the amoled and at first glance I would have to agree.  But upon further inspection, the lcd produces much more realistic images.  Most of us like more vibrant colors, but this is at the expense of realistic colors.  It is a matter of preference, but I like realistic images better.-Battery Life- I get around 4 hours of screen time a charge (100% to 0% battery) using the Nexus 5 for browsing the web, texting, music and light apps such as Facebook and Instagram.  I would say I am definitely not a power user, but my usage is probably more than the average person and this is an all day phone for me.  I can leave early in the morning and plug in my phone late evening and still be at 1/4 power or even more.  This is without turning off wifi or gps, which would increase my battery life even more.  The phone also barely sips power while the phone is not in use.-Build Quality- This phone looks sharp.  I've read in many reviews that this phone looks plain.  Well I agree.  This phone looks plain in a classy subdued refined way.  Nothing flashy.  The build quality is great.  It obviously does not feel as high end as an iPhone or HTC One, but other than those 2 phones there really isn't a mainstream phone that feels as high end as the Nexus 5 with its silky texture.  Ergonomically the Nexus also feels very good in the hand with only the Moto X with its curved back and the iPhone's smaller size feeling better.  The Gorilla Glass III is supposedly very scratch resistant and the glass does glide beneath my fingers very nicely.  The ceramic buttons are a nice touch that look and feel good, although they do have a little wobble to them.Microphone/call quality- the mic is great for calls and recording. Although only in mono, the sound that is recorded is clear and crisp.  Calls are clear both ways.Android- the perks of a Nexus is getting the newest OS first at least until next November when the Nexus 6 comes out and even after that you can expect maybe a year of the newest OS coming to your phone much faster than other phones.  Kit Kat is a game changer.  Google Now is now central to Android.  I personally can't even imagine using an Android phone without Google Now.  The voice recognition is much more than just a cool gimmick, it is the fastest and easiest way to use your phone.  From any of the home screens all you need to do is say "okay google" and then you can command your phone to do an abundant amount of actions the extent of which is beyond the scope of this review.-Cost- This is a flagship phone at midrange prices.  If you are looking for best value per dollar... well you have found what you are looking for.Neutral:-Camera (4/17/14)- Originally I had put the camera in the "Cons" section because of the horrible camera UI and the slow focus on the original iteration of the Nexus 5 camera but since 4.4.2 and the new Google Camera App the Nexus 5 camera is an all around solid performer.  In the right conditions this camera with its optical image stabilization takes pictures that can rival almost any phone camera on the market today.  The HDR+ mode lives up to the extra arithmetic symbol.  In fact HDR+ mode is my default picture taking mode with the Nexus 5.  The camera can take decent low light shots and beautiful macro shots and the 1080p video is awesome.  8 megapixels isn't as large a number as some other competitors are using nowadays (but still equal to the venerable iPhone 5s), but it offers up more than enough detail for social network sharing and small prints.  The new UI is very simplified with little control over how pictures are taken, instead it concentrates on streamlining quick snapshots which is what most people use their camera phones for anyways.  The new Lens Blur mode is pretty amazing, adding bokeh to pictures for a dslr like effect.  Although for now the highest resolution is around 3.1 megapixels for this mode.Cons:-Speaker- the speaker is mono and is rather low on volume.  The sound that comes out of the speaker is not bad, but not that great either.  I personally don't need my speaker to have awesome quality sound since if I want to listen to something that requires high fidelity I'll just plug in my earphones.  But the low volume can be troublesome for catching calls and texts in a timely manner.  Kit Kat 4.4.1 is supposed to be fixing this problem.EDIT (12/9/13): 4.4.2 has increased the speaker volume to a much more satisfactory level.-Size-  A large and beautiful 5 inch display has its downfalls.  I have average to above average sized hands and one handed use on this phone is still pretty hard to almost impossible with certain apps.  With Android phones getting larger and larger I predict app designers will start making apps with most of the ui towards the bottom of the screen.  But as it stands right now most apps have a lot of ui elements at the top of the screen and that is a problem since your hand naturally sits more towards the bottom of the phone where the keyboard and Android keys are.  There is no way I can position my right hand so that my thumb can hit the "Home" key and hit any button on the upper left hand corner.  If an app has a ui element in that corner (and most apps do) then I have to use 2 hands to operate the phone.  It is obvious with the growing popularity of phablets that people don't mind using 2 hands to operate their phone and maybe I'm too old school, but I would rather my phone be one handed.Conclusion-If this phone had the same pricetag as a Samsung Galaxy s4 or an HTC One or almost any other flagship, this phone would still be worth it.  But at half the price?  This phone is by far the best deal among the current generation of smartphones.  I would recommend this phone to anybody looking for an unlocked smartphone.  Most of my cons will be addressed in future updates (see edits above 12/9/13, 12/31/13, 4/17/14), so the only real hesitation I would have would be recommending this phone to a person with smallish hands.  Otherwise the Nexus 5 is the best deal in high end smartphones right now.

Product is perfect and price is very competitiveThis phone is comparable to Iphone 5s and Samsung Galaxy SIV, and it is even better!!!

Like this phone. I looks nice and it's really fast.Absolut compatibility with may eternal devices as chromecast o WD TV live.Some features missing comparing to Samsung S devices. Widgets and shortcuts. May be it's KitKat issue.Battery lasts for about 2 days with wifi, bluetooth and running apps.I would absolutely recomend this phone.

I've choose it according to reviews and friend recommendation. It is great for all my needs. I still need to figure the camera as photos aren't s good. All in all, good buy and very good value for price.

Bought mine (from google play) when it was first released and I really like the phone.Pros:-No two year contract!  Never again will I sign a two year contract.-Feels solid and well made-Screen is good size the the brightness is fine even in sunlight.-Voice quality is good-Great performance-Battery life for me is great.  Lasts me all day.  Location mode choose &#34;battery saver&#34;.-Will get Android updates fast-Speaker is fine for me.  Not as good as the HTC One but it is fine.-16 Gb is fine for me.  Access to the cloud is fast.Cons:-Would like to be able to replace the battery.  Although I could replace the battery on my Samsung Galaxy S2 but it didn't help a whole lot.-Would LOVE to have two front facing speakers like the HTC One.

I've had a number of phones.  The delightful, but underrated and underpowered, Palm Pre, several Samsung Galaxy phones, most recently the Galaxy Nexus.The Nexus 5 blows them all away.  It is blindingly fast.  There something between little and no lag when you tap on an icon until the app launches.  Is this due to the hardware or KitKat?  I don't know, but I also don't really care.The battery life, and power management, are better than the previous phones.  One of my ongoing issues with the Samsung phones is that while I was driving with my phone plugged into a charger when I using the GPS, playing an audio file to my radio, and having my Bluetooth headset active, the battery drained.  I'd lose 30% of my charge in an hour drive.  And the battery would overheat, with the whole phone becoming uncomfortably hot.With the Nexus 5, I do all that stuff and the battery gains charge!  I've gotten into the car with the phone at less than 80% charge and gotten to work with the battery fully charged and the phone wasn't hot to the touch.The camera is great and the screen is amazing.Are other phones better?  Maybe.  And surely something better will be along in six months.  But for now, I'm a very happy camper.A quick note - the phone is available at the Google Play Store for $349 for a 16gb version and $399 for a 32gb version.  Mine was in my hands 4 days after I ordered it, well before Google promised to ship it.  As long as the phone is available from Google at a better price, why pay these inflated prices?

Google&#8217;s Nexus 4 started something &#8211; something big. And with the Nexus 5 the search-giant has taken its vision of how Android should look and function on a smartphone several steps further, adding in better spec, new hardware and a raft of new features. The Nexus 5 surpasses its predecessor in every way. It has high-end specs and yet still manages to maintain a low-price tag

I sold my S3 to get this phone on the Google Play Store and I recommend you do as well (It costs less on the Google Play Store)[...] The total ends up being less than $400 for a smart phone that is priced way to low for what it has to offer.Pricing:$350- 16 GB$400- 32 GBA Snapdragon 800 Quad-Core Processor clocked at 2.3 Ghz? A Adreno 330 GPU, all these sound to good to be true! Such great specifications at such a low price? But, nothing matters if there is no applicable real world performance, and I'm glad to say that you will be zipping through games and apps!Here are some Pros and Cons:Pros:-Phone feels great in the hand, not to big or not to small-Great Build Quality, better than phones that use plastic like the LG-G2 or S4 (It uses the grippy plastic found on the 2013 Nexus 5)-Buttery Smooth and Fast as Lightning, this phone is that fastest phone I have ever used, hands down-Pure Stock Android (Kit-Kat 4.4)-You get updates as soon as they roll out! No waiting for months to get the next version of androidCons:-Because it only packs a 2300 mh battery, it does ok for daily use, but don't expect to get any crazy battery life, (Standby time is amazing though, it sipped through only a 1% of battery through the whole night!)-Camera is decent, but video quality is great! The mic is the best I have seen on any smart phone, (A software update may improve camera)-Availability, I love this phone, but getting your hands on one can take a bit, but please believe me, it is worth the wait!-Speaker is just all right, it sounds OK but not greatTotal Scores:Build Quality: 9/10User Experience: 10/10Android Kit-Kat (Nexus 5 Experience): 10/10Camera (Photos): 7/10Camera (Video): 9/10Speaker: 7/10Summery:If you looking for a phone that delivers the best Android Experience, a cheap off contract phone, a phone with great specifications, or just a phone in general, This is the best phone currently on the market. While it has some minor flaws, there is no other phone that offers this much for this little.Total Score:9/10

I had a Samsung Galaxy S4 (i9500), sold it to buy the Nexus 5.I really like the Nexus, because it's not bloated, it's really fast, battery is great (I'm using H+, no LTE in Guatemala). The only thing I miss from the S4 is the camera, the Nexus 5 is not bad in great light conditions but it has some troubles with low light.If you want a great Android experience, buy a Nexus or a GPE.

I have a iphone 5s and have been using it from its release date. got this one and have been using it for the last one week and this is what I feel about this phone in comparison.PERFORMANCE OF THE PHONEToo good comparable or exceeds iphone 5s. almost all the crazy apps do run smooth without any lag whatsoever.OPERATING SYSTEMAndroid has come a long way and now with kit kat i can definitely say that in most of the features android is at par with ios or ahead in most of them. one of the most impressive feature that i can see in this phone is "ok google".PHOTOS & VIDEOYou need to know on what needs to be set in what conditions to get a better picture in this phone. If taken properly they were good but this needs a small bit of practice to achieve the perfectness in the picture. with iphone 5s the camera is pretty good and in certain conditions nexus 5 falls below in this place. in low light conditions iphone 5s does take better pictures that. Videos are decent and pretty good.SKYPE \ VIDEO CHATBelieve me I don't know what iphone does but Nexus 5 falls well behind in this department. I have tried to skype with my parents (who stay in india )using iphone 5s , ipad air and nexus 5 in and around the same time repeatedly nexus 5 used to drop the video call in between. with iphone and ipad air this is not seen anywhere. the calls are pretty smooth.MOVIES & SOUNDiphone 5s is way ahead in terms of sound clarity or the quality of sound. the volume on nexus 5 is low. when it comes to the screen size of nexus 5 was very apt to watch the movies \ videos from youtube \ Netflix.DESIGN , LOOK & FEELBoth are pretty good in their own ways. If i compare the iphone 5s grey and nexus 5 black. nexus 5 blacks stands out. if i compare the iphone 5s silver \ gold with nexus 5 white on  iphone 5s stands out. if you are person bothered about carrying wide phones then nexus 5 is not for you. iphone 5s is a better option.VALUE FOR MONEYNexus 5 provides you with greater value for each dollar that you spent on your phone.ANYTHING THAT IS STILL MISSINGBattery , Battery and Battery this I Feel should have been addressed in the initial design itself. I would have loved to see this having at least 25 percent more battery capacity than what it has right now.....But Still I love it for the sheer performance which is buttery smooth...:)

Needed a new phone figured id go all out and well not dissapointed its the best android I've had in a while

Amazon blocked this the first time, so here we go again...I like the phone.  It's powerful and it isn't clogged by carrier Apps.  32GB is more than large enough for my uses.  Camera could be better, but image stabilization is a real bonus.  This is my point-and-shoot when not carrying the DSLR.I bought it from Google and paid $50 less than the lowest offer here on Amazon.

Absolutely love this phone. This is no question the best phone on the market, whether that be android or apple.Pros:Very fastNo gimmicky featuresGood cameraBright gorgeous screenThin and lightweightfeels well builtMost up to date android OSCons:Battery (is just average, for heavy users you may need to charge it sometime during the day for a little. I am usually always around a charger).

This cell phone has a wonderful LCD display, as well as a very nice and crisp camera. Every day we use the cell&#8217;s camera more than ever and it is a nice feature that one has to consider when looking for a cell phone, presently. The touch screen is very sensitive and sometimes you&#8217;ve been caught in a trap because of it. I would recommend a change in design for the On/Off lateral switch, because every time you grab the unit your fingers got the switch anyway and you miss what you were doing. That&#8217;s the main complain I have for the ergonomics and design used for this cell, that&#8217;s the reason for not given 5 stars.

I'd give it 5 stars but sometimes cam-recorder crashes. Also YouTube playback freezes occasionally. Overall, the device is good for the price I've paid.

The last three phones I've had have been Nexus.  Previously, I used the iPhone 3G.  I am giving the Nexus 5 four stars instead of 5 because I have yet to find a perfect phone.I define a perfect phone by providing responsiveness, excellent battery life, and an optimal user experience (vast array of applications, features, and feel).The Nexus is the best job Google has ever done to provide me with everything I want.  However, there are shortcomings.  I'll address the benefits first, and the negatives second.Why you need the Nexus 5:1.  This phone is widely available off contract for $399.  The price here is a little higher, but with Prime, you know what you are getting.  That's roughly half of the off-contract price for a new iPhone.2.  If you are operating on an unlimited T-Mobile plan as I am, in Seattle, this sucker is FAST.  Regularly receive over 25Mbps download, over 6Mbps upload.  Fast enough to watch baseball games in real time.3. No bloatware.  I made the switch from Verizon to T-Mobile after my Galaxy Nexus took forever to get updates.  Don't have to worry about that anymore.  If you want the most recent software on your Android Device, purchase a Nexus of a Google Play Edition phone.  done.4. Feel.  The phone feels great in my hand.  They improved the design greatly over the Nexus 4; the back is an almost rubberized plastic, where the 4 was easily shattered glass.  Where the look of the 4 may have been prettier, it feels as if LG/Google wanted to design this thing to be a workhorse.5.  Wireless charging.  Continuing with the 4's charging legacy, all my Qi-chargers work with this.  Note: you don't have to purchase the super-expensive wireless charger from Google.  It looks pretty, but it's price is astronomical.6.  Apps.  Between the Amazon App Store and Google Play store, I find 99.9% of what I want.  I love Amazon MP3 on here.  No DRM, quick downloads.  Seamless.Now...for the bad:1.  Amazon Instant Video - it's a no show. Can't get it native (read: the app) on any Android phone.2.  Camera.  The inclusion of HDR made the Nexus camera better, but it still feels like an also-ran.  If you're connected to Instagram or any other selfie-driven service, an iPhone will probably suit you better.  I take pictures with a nice DSLR.  This camera is used to snap a photo of where I parked :).  YMMV.3.  No Verizon.  Until Verizon lets this phone on their network, it will never get 5 stars.  Verizon would have to agree not to modify the software...and I don't see that happening.4.  Battery.  Still better than its predecessors, I think having a phone with extraordinary battery life (think old BlackBerries) would be a killer Nexus feature.  I get a full day, but want more.In summation, if you are on ATT, Sprint, or T-Mobile, and you want a workhorse off-contract device, you've met your new best friend.  You won't be let down.  However, if you want Amazon Instant Video, go get an iPhone.  You won't find it here.

I am a cellphones fan. I've tried them all... Blackberry, iPhone, Samsung (in several models), Nokia... and defenitely, the Nexus is the best I've have until now. This device is really beautiful, nice desing, good materials... and the stock Android is - for far - the best OS that you can have. 200% recomended...!!!

The Nexus 5 as a whole is one of the best smartphones on the market.  It comes with the latest version of pure android and should always get future upgrades first and has very good hardware specs.  It's kind of like a Galaxy S4 done right.  It doesn't come with all the really bad software Samsung, Carriers and others put on top of android. It is very fast and android 4.4 kitkat adds some nice updates.  The phone itself is rather plain looking, feels great in the hand and has a very nice display.  The ceramic buttons feel premium over the other phones i used.  I think the standout on this device is the specs and the software, which are top notch.  The display, camera and battery life are very good while not being the best on any phone. Everything else about this phone and this phone as a whole package seems to be the best.  I am very happy with it.  I've used the note 2, galaxy s4, nexus 4, iphone 5s and moto x for extended amounts of time.  The only other phone in the group I would consider is the moto x, if u have a preference for something smaller.  But compared to the rest I've used the Nexus 5 is the better choice.

Great smartphone, fantastic screen, fully configurable, very fast and easy to handle.I bought it a month ago and I adapted perfectly.Elegant design and draws attention by materials used.Really a great choice

Great phone and service from company.the only minor negative is the placement of the on and off button.  I use a pouch and taking it out turns the phone one.  Maybe this is a good thing I don't know.

I'm an experienced LG devices user, had left this korean products for a while, but then coming back and amazingly surprised with this new cell phone.  I had the chance to see previous Nexus 4 in action and offering a quite acceptable cost/benefit ratio against some other good products such as iph, galaxy and/or motorolas in terms of performance, internet surfing, multimedia display, etc. so I didn't expect any less from this LG Nexus 5.  I'd used it on the U.S., Mexico & Europe without any issue.2 weeks now and so far so good!, very happy with this purchase.

I'm biased because I'm a Nexus line fan. I enjoy both the clean install and the possibility to fully customize my phone.You get the latest Android versions as soon as Google releasesIt also helps that the phone performance is excellent, no lags whatsoever from the 4 cores processor. Furthermore, the 2Gb RAM allows me to simultaneously execute a HUGE amount of applications.The screen is simply beautiful. There's a talk about yellow tinting but I had no such problem with my unit. The screen is crystal clear with both crystal clarity and defined colors. The screen panel really shines.The camera? It gets the job done. There are several camera applications on the market to suit anyone wishes.The 32Gb internal storage easily makes up for the lack of micro SDCARD support.Overall, buy it. You will be satisfied.

Is everything I expected from a high end phone but half the price,  very fast and responsive, its display is gorgeous, the scratch resistant, the videos looks crystal clear, the case is light weight, but feels sturdy enough.The only complain I might have would be that the buttons are very sensible, you might press the volume keys a couple of times before getting used to the phone...The product was delivered to me in a perfect state

The Nexus 5 is the best Nexus yet and one of the best phones at that.  I've had mine for approximately a week and couldn't be happier.  I got the white one and think it looks fantastic.  With that note, let's get into a review and we'll start on build quality:The build - the phone is solidly built and light too - I personally like a heaver phone being a man with larger hands.  So, if you like lighter phones and find others too bulky, this may be refreshing for you.  Some professional reviews state the phone is good or mediocre build at best which is patently false.  Yes, there's a seam on this phone, especially owning a white version but it isn't some huge gap that's ugly or a place where you can push the two pieces together more.  The phone has no creaks at all and the glass is flush on all sides.  I mention the glass because I've owned Motorola, HTC, and even iPhones where the glass at the edge isn't even across the whole device and it drives me nuts.  The new buttons are ceramic - ohhh!  They are nice and work well.  The sim card tray is next to the power button but I haven't noticed it at all searching for the button as it's very flush with the phone. There isn't an SD card slot on this phone - get over it.  32GB is enough for MOST users.  If you are truly a power user who needs to swap out 64GB cards frequently for whatever reasons (I know some of you do exist) this isn't the phone for you.  I'm sorry, the Nexus devices haven't had one in a long time and it's a cost saving measure too.Next is connectivity and calling - the main point of a phone, right?  I won't discuss specific networks as that opens up a whole different debate that entire forums can't solve!  LTE works screaming fast on the phone and it holds onto the signal well.  HSPA+ is a beast on this phone too if your area doesn't have it.  Calls connect well and nothing has dropped so far.  The call quality is decent, which is a bummer as I'm one who still talks a lot on their phone.  I haven't tried any HD voice features yet so that may help the issue.  Wifi works well on the phone too both with 5ghz and 2.4ghz - my older router doesn't have all the latest standards but the phone supports any wifi you'll encounter.  I'll point out that my house is an old one with huge blocks that love to cancel out any cell signals.  This phone holds onto them and keeps them unlike other phones I've used on the same network.Screen - The best I've used.  I have grown tired of the Samsung AMOLED screens and favor the route Apple and HTC and now LG have taken, for the most part.  It's super crystal clear and even being a near-sighted blind person, I can't pick out pixels for the first time.  Colors are pretty accurate and everything is great looking.  The touch portion of the screen is great too with no issues.  It works as well as any other top tier phone.  Now 'for the most part' means I do notice this screen, as any LCD, cannot do true black unlike AMOLED.  It's a feature left to that technology alone but it doesn't detract here as the screen is great and you don't notice unless you have a competing phone next to it.Battery - It's average on this phone.  It isn't a beast like I've had on some Moto phones but it isn't a junker like some Samsung devices I've used too.  After the first couple days, it evened out and with moderate use I can make it to 10pm bed-time.  It isn't going to blow you away but it isn't the worst out there either.  I'd have liked an option to use a removable battery as I don't mind a heavier device or battery - but clearly we are going to wafer light and thin devices.Camera - It's a good camera to me and leaps and bounds better than any past phone I've owned including other Nexus devices.  Pictures come out clear and the HDR+ feature is pretty good as well.  Pictures come out sharper and it even works well trying to take a picture of my moving baby.  I can still tell it was taken with a phone vs. a stand-alone camera, but it's way more sufficient for my wants than I need.  The wife takes the serious pictures, I just take pictures of things to make sure I bought the right item.  So, if you aren't a budding photographer, this thing works well and even captures moving people well enough.Software - The new KitKat 4.4 is here and overall I love it more than the last version, just like I do with every android release.  I won't give a comprehensive review of the OS here, but I'll touch on some things.  Google added some developer options on this phone that you can enable as an option that make it scream.  It moves faster than I can use it now and this is a great step for any phone OS.  I've used Windows Phone 8 and many flavors of iOS and many versions of Android.  This is by far my favorite OS now, hands down.  MS has done well with 8, but this blows that out of the water now.  iOS 7 has veered off to me and I personally don't like it.  Anyway, this thing is fast!  Google now is better than ever, but I had to turn it off as it sucked battery down.  I hope Google addresses this as the service is awesome.  Hangouts is cool that everything is in one spot, but it's clunky to use for SMS and everything.  I wish google would have waited until everything in hangouts was totally done before merging, but they at least give you the option to download another SMS program and set it as the default now.  You have got to love choices.  Default email is better now and Gmail and calendar are excellent as ever.  Overall it's a pleasant step forward and hardly anything I don't like.That's a basic review of the phone and I'll end with the overall value and point of the phone.  Here on this great online retailer, the phone appears to cost more.  You can easily go to the source, if available in your country, and purchase it for an incredibly great price.  It is completely unlocked so you don't have to fiddle with buying an unlock code, which in the USA is now shady anyway, and waste more time and money.  This phone also will get updates quickly without hassles or being left in the dust instantly.  It's also priced at a mid-tier value, for almost all top tier specs and experiences.  I think many pro-reviewers have worried that things like the camera or battery aren't toe to toe with other phones, but those do cost more.  The bigger issue they miss is Android on this phone is unlike it on any other phone.  That's worth something too and what I stress is the most important thing about this phone.

I used the iPhone 4 and moved to the Nexus 5 for my first Android phone. I have to say I really like it and got use very quickly. The phone works very quickly and make the work for me. A little bit issue with the camera focus.

the price is strange, google sells this for $399? the 16gb version costs 349 usd. and it seems not appropriate amazon allows offers bearing a price tag 30% more expensive.

The phone is really great however there is a little luminous spot on the screen and that ruins the experience for an user that expects a flawless device.

The item is perfect,  I like it very much. It unlocked easily with no problems in Israel. Good value for the price.

I'm very satisfied with this phone. It's just perfect for my daily needs. Exceeded my expectations. Highly recommended. Google rules.

The phone has exceeded my expectations. I had the s4 prior to this phone and I have to say this phone is better. It's smoother and faster than the s4 and I love vanilla android. No more bloatware! I don't think I will go back to anything that's not vanilla android. The best part about this phone is that it is only $399 WITHOUT CONTACT. Thanks Google

The best phone to live the Android experience. The phone is very fast, slim, feels good on ones hand and the best thing is its affordable.

Iif you are looking to buy this phone, my guess is that you already did your reasearch about it. The only thing i dont like about this phone is the battery life, sometimes you get 12-15 hours depending on the use. I charge it using an ipad 4 AC adapter, and for what I've seen, the battery last longer using that rather than the stock that phone comes with. This phone is a beast when it comes to Speed, A  B E A S T. If you like a phone without launchers and you want to get the latest updates on Android OS First, this is the phone to go with.

Good phone. The battery, last up to two days with a normal use and with a 2.2 Ghz is very easy to access internet and/or watch video. Comparing to Samsung I would say Samsung has more options to customize the phone with a easier way to do it.

I love my Google Nexus 5 for two reasons:1) The screen is big and beautiful and compares nicely with phones that cost a lot more like the Samsung Galaxy S4 or the HTC One (which I previously owned).2) As a Nexus device, it automatically updates to the newest version of Android, so that you get the latest and greatest software features from Google first.Some of the advantages of having a phone with the Stock version of Android include no carrier or manufacturer bloatware, which means no spammy apps that try to you to purchase things you don't need like ringtones or service upgrades. It also frees up space so you can store more things like images and video, and system memory so your programs run a little faster. It also gives you a single set of apps that work together flawlessly. Dialer, Hangouts (SMS and instant messaging), and People (contacts) work the way they should without the need to get replacement apps for core features to use your phone.Ergonomically, this phone feels great. The soft-touch rubberized backing keeps the phone from slipping out of your grip. A ceramic volume rocker and power button, while not as substantial as the metal-clad iPhone 5s, give the phone a light-weight and solid feel.One of my concerns with the phone is the rubberized backing. In the past, I've had cases with a similar coat of soft-touch material that has rubbed off over time. And while it hasn't happened yet, it may happen eventually. And while the camera and speaker are adequate, they're definitely not industry-leading. Even though the most recent Android update addressed some camera issues, the camera still has some difficulty focusing when you want to take pictures. So while it might work well for a few Instagram pics, it won't replace your point and shoot. The speaker, on the other hand, does get loud enough, but with the quality of a cheap AM radio. Fortunately, sound from the headphone jack is just fine.Overall, if you're looking for a slick device with a gorgeous screen and a slick interface, you can't go wrong with the Nexus 5. While it may have the luxurious finish or take gorgeous pictures like an iPhone, or play music out of front-facing stereo speakers like the HTC One, it nails its core features, like messaging, taking calls, and running apps on a beautiful HD display. What's more, the fact that you can pick it up off-contract on the Google Play store is a nice bonus.

I was planning on buying the Moto X, but after several failed attempts (as I live outside US) I gave up and went for this one... I couldn't 've made a better choice, even though is slightly (yes, just slightly) bigger than I'd like, the phone itself is great, the material and battery life above all (almost a full day of use, phone calls, skype calls, sporadic music, kindle reading, and a lot of text messaging).

I absolutely love the vanilla android experience and ive always been a fan of the google nexus line ! . I encourage you to buy this phone ! believe me you are not gonna regret it!The fact that is unlocked with high end specs and such an incredible price, makes this phone undoubtdly wonderful

This the phone everybody wants... and only the bright ones buy... absolutely the best phone ever!!! Get this and you will not need another for 3 years...

HiTwo weeks before i purchased this mobile. while connecting my PC i couldn't transfer my file from my mobile to my pc. i have tried lots of time, i did restart also even i have updated nexus driver in my PC  but still issue is not been fixed.really im worried .even my friends also brought Nexus5 from play store its working fine. really i dont know as i purchased from amazon, its not working.need reasonable solution for this issue or i want another mobile without any charges.mail me @ karthikeyan1bsc@gmail.com  or Call me +18189279334

I have a complaint about every single phone I've ever owned; iPhones, Nexus, and most of the flip phone bricks before that.This thing is awesome; it just gets it right.The battery life is terrific; it goes well more than a day with my normal use.  I also picked up the LG Qi Charger, and that's great as well; it doesn't heat up the phone very much, and lets me dump it back on a charger midday for days where I'm really, really leaning on the phone a lot.Been using the Wallet functionality as well to pay at Rite Aid and Whole Foods; I keep forgetting my wallet, but this doubles as a credit card, and keeps the receipts for me.  (And still gives me points on my credit card.)Being able to talk to it is a nice touch as well.  &#34;OK Google&#34; on the home screen pops open voice recognition, and asking it &#34;who did the Steelers lose to this weekend?&#34; gave me a correct (and still polite) answer.

This is the worst phone ever. I have had the phone 2 hours and can't get text, no cell phone reception and the battery sucks. In the exact same spot I use my iPhone daily on ATT my iPhone got 3-4 bars and the Nexus 5 get 1 bar. I opened settings and I have used the phone for 26 minutes and the battery is down to 67%, this means battery life is under 2 hours. REALLY 2 HOUR BATTERY LIFE!!!!The out of box experience sucks. Here is what's in the box; Phone, USB cable, charger, and legal disclosures. It would be too much trouble to include a getting started guide? No instructions, really Google.I used the phone for 2 days. I missed several calls and texts because I could not hear the ringer or the message tones. The ring tones don't cut through normal noise. I called Google support and they don't know how to change the ring tone. When they had to escalate to a supervisor to tell me how to change a message ring tone I had it. Google does not even know how to support the phone. I wasn't asking difficult questions. The one thing they knew how to do was process a return of the phone. Just not worth 10 hours of set-up for basic functionality.

Nexus 5 is awesome, super fast and clean experience, there's a lot of phones out there but this one is the best

It is a excellent phone, slim, well done and very fast.The nexus 5 has a very good price for what you get, a very good phone, with a very good screen and the last version of android (KitKat 4.4.2).The camera is not as well as I expected but it is good.

I ordered mine (16 GB - Black) on November 9, 2013. Wasn't suppose to ship out until December 3 but I'm glad it shipped by November 26. Because of Thanksgiving, I received it on Monday December 2. This is a simple and well built android phone. I re-sized my simple mobile SIM to a micro Sim and right away everything was good. Battery life has been great unlike some reviews I read on here. The least I've gotten out of a full charge with emailing, browsing and playing a few games is 1 day and 10 hours, which isn't bad. I know with a few ups and upgrades, the battery life should improve.Overall, I give this 5 stars because it's my second smartphone and so far I'm loving the looks, performance, and everything, plus the fact that I get the best updates from Google.I will update this review in a month from now.Happy buying!!!!

The Best Smart Phone ever had! For its price you wont get any better. Price and Power! #byeIPhone #Nexusfan #Googlerules

Top notch specs, High quality screen and google have managed to keep it's price at bay as well.I've been using the phone for close 2 two months now, quite a decent battery life, gets me through a busy work day on 3g.LOVE the white black, somehow, makes it look classy, in my opinion.TOTALLY recommend this phone.

For any Android fanboy, getting this phone is like a dream come true.There is a reason why lots of blogs and reviews describe the Nexus 5 as the best android phone ever and I think it's because it's flawless. Seriously, I have been using the phone for a couple of weeks now and I have yet to find something to complain about it. To me, it's just perfect.

It is great, fast and have an excellent screen but the sound is poor and cammera is slow but it is good

Best Android found evaluating value vs price.The only thing that is good but not amazing is the camera, but if you are not looking for the best camera in a phone and you are looking for a top of the line phone, this is the way to go

The Nexus 5 is The best cellphone I have ever had. I love its camera and its speed. My wife cell's died not long ago and she choose a Nexus 5 after seing how much I liked mine.

Pure stock android experience. Camera could be better. Battery life is decent. I like the matte black backing on the phone as well.

The order arrived smoothly after a long trip from the US to the Netherlands. Nexus5 is really an awesome device, highly recommended!!!

Exelent phone very faster

I was an iPhone user for years. My goal for 2014 was to get off Apple products. (Except the MacBook Pro of course... using a PC would be insane!) With the purchase of this phone I have finally done it. I tried several Android phones and this was the only one that had the power, functionality, and general useability to break my iPhone addiction. Google simply got it right.

It fulfilled all of my expectations, amazing display, speed and capacity. Even battery life is pretty decent (1.5 days under regular use).

What else can I say about the best smartphone that is in this range? Screen is a marvel, brightness, resolution, colors... Retina display is worse (not to be subjective but trust me it is, not because of the resolution but the brightness).Battery? Well, I think they could have added a bigger one, but after a massive day playing around with it, heavy 3G use, 3-4h screen time, web surfing, videos on YT, app updates... I still managed to have a 20% after 17h, so it did quite good. Better than my Lumias 920/925.Smoothness in general is something I never saw in an Android phone before, but this is as smooth as a Windows Phone 8 / iphone.The only cons I have found so far are the speakers, better than my Lumias 920/925 but still somewhat weak and well, I will miss the rich recording for concerts and nights out (the microphone will distort a little bit).The rest are only pros.

My review of the Nexus 5.The things I didn't like:1. The speaker is probably the worst part of the phone. Even when you use headphones, it's too quiet. I actually use my Moto G when I want to listen music so that's a real turn off.2. The battery life - I have watched reviews that suggests the battery life will get better with time. I've only had this phone for about a week but it has never gotten me through a full day. It maxes out at about 7 hours so I always have to take my charger. I won't consider myself a heavy user. I use my phone to do mainly chatting, your typical social media stuff, news, internet browsing etc. I don't do gaming or movie watching - so considering that I really expected a full day. I'm still waiting to see if it gets better with time.3. The camera - is a weak point on this phone. It carries a 1.3MP front camera - which is really as bad as it gets on a high end smart phone. This camera is really ok for skype etc... won't give you any good photos at all. The back camera is a 8MP, I will say this camera exceeded my expectations because I've heard so many bad things about it I guess I bought it expecting the worst. I'm yet to take any photos with HDR+ enabled and the quality of the photos are satisfactory. With phones around with 13, 26, 20 and even higher MP, if you're really into photo and video taking, I won't recommend this phone. You're never going to impress anybody with any photo that comes from this phone - never mind it was marketed for these purposes.I will add that there is a new google camera app that was launched last week that makes the experience a better one and includes the lens blur feature of the HTC one (M8) but it reduces the quality of the photo in this mode. As google continues to update the camera app I imagine the experience in this department will only get better.4. Design - I don't mind the simplicity of it but I will admit the iphone 5s and the HTC one (M8) are incredibly sexier and more pleasing to the eyes. So too but less so is the Sony Z2. Phones like the Moto X and the HTC one (M8) are invariably gonna feel better in your hand as well.5. The display. I wasn't sure what people meant by the display being 'washed out'. I found out when I bought this phone. Holding it up beside the Moto G, the display on the Moto G (which is quite incredible I must say) looked better. Something is off with the colours but I find when the brightness is turned all the way up it looks better. Why does the colours change with dimming the display - I'm not sure. Apart from that though, the display is boss.I have not experienced any connectivity problems with this phone.What I love:1. The price. I can't afford an iphone 5s (won't buy one even if I could), the s5, the Z2 or the M8. This phone is always compared to these phones despite the huge price difference. The fact of comparison alone says a lot regardless of the verdict.2. Software - 4.4.2 - I love having the latest and greatest OS and being first in line for every update. Google Now is deeply integrated and there is zero bloatware. These are three things that are highly important to me. At the end of the day, software is what you're going to be interacting with each time you turn on or unblock your phone so I can't think of anything that could be more important.3. Performance. The OS makes specs less important than they use to be because it requires less. For that reason, the Nexus 5 performs just as good and even better than other flagship devices. It can handle any app you throw at it and after one week the phone has not stopped to take a breather. There are other phones that have better specs and it doesn't make them better - they require more to handle the bloatware that bugs down the device. Don't be fooled in this regard - the Nexus 5 has everything under the hood you could ever need.Keep in mind this phone does not allow storage extension.I still give this phone 5 stars because it is obviously intended to target a specific set of people - people like me who place software at the top of the list of priorities alongside price. There really isn't a better phone you'd get at this price.There is no such thing as 'the best phone' - phones are different just as people are different and they are made to meet different needs. You have to know what you want out of your device and I found what I needed out of the Nexus 5. If the strengths of the phone are not important to you and the weaknesses are I could easily recommend a different phone.I'd surely recommend this phone to those whose attention its trying to get - it is a deal you should not miss.

Very happy. The best cell ever. It does everything better then Iphone 5. I had Iphone before but not happy. THIS IS IT!!!

Amazing phoneFast, beautiful, works perfect, the best phone money can buy. I started with nexus 3 and upgraded to 5 and really happy with it.

The Nexus 5 is an amazing phone, I'm a fan of Nexus devices, been using them for a while and canot imagine myself switching back to another phone which does not run stock android. Spec wise you can find lots of reviews around there, everything is an improvement over last years Nexus 4.Now about the reseller: great service, got the phone delivered in pristine conditions, sealed and everything in the expected time. A pitty the price, but since I'm from abroad google store was not an option so this was the next best place I could buy it.

"Best phone I have ever owned" is a big claim, especially since I recently also owned a brand new Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (with companion Galaxy Gear smartwatch). So let me elaborate...My previous phone (not counting the Note 3) was a Nexus S, one of Google's earlier and not-very-widely-adopted phones. Although made by Samsung, it was a pure Google Android phone with none of the bloat-ware associated with some manufacturers. And with none of the multiple account sign-ups (Google Account + Samsung Hub + ???). I did like the pure Adnroid experience then, and I like it now on the new Nexus 5.Although I missed out on the Nexus 4, two family members each picked up one of those popular phones when Google slashed the price prior to launching the Nexus 5. While those we're outstandingly good value purchases, I'm glad I waited for the Nexus 5 myself.The Nexus 5 is slim and stylish in a very understated way, like a little black dress (but I'm not a girl). Out goes the bling, and in comes a slightly rubberised back which is way nicer than it sounds... and reassuring to hold. The screen is a pleasure to look at, because you can't see the individual pixels, and it's big enough without being a "phablet". It's fast and responsive, 4G-ready, the latest Android 4.4 KitKat, and very good value for the price I paid "in store" soon after launch (hence not a verified purchase here on Amazon). Documentation is scarce, so you may have to do a lot of experimenting or reading around on the web, but there is alwaysThe (Unofficial) Google Nexus 5 SmartPhone Book : The missing manual for LG's Android 4.4 KitKat phone.It really is no exaggeration for me to say that I have been telling all my friends that "this is the best phone I have ever owned". And I'm pretty fickle.

Excellent device. Fast and reliable. Recomended 100% to anyone looking for a great provider free phone. Specifications are similar to S5 but almost half the price.

Excelent cell the best one right Now. Is fast and easy yo handle im very happy. Great buy it and enjoy

I love this smartphone, it is really the balance between price, performance and Style.Easy to use, nice to have in my hands. Great!And the best of all, as it is unlocked, I can choose the carrier. Here in Mexico the cell population is perhaps 85% in 3G. My Nexus is going to work in LTE! Lovely, because at the mall, I will have data service. Unbeatable.

The phone it's great and the package got just in time! I really recommend it! A really fast and light phone!

The price performance rating on this device is great. Bought it for my wife and she is very happy moving from a galaxy s3.

Great device, everything is great except the GPS making some issues sometimes and hangouts doesn't load contacts that don't have a country code

Very good phone with awesome hardware capabilities.Very neat designModest CameraLow external speakersSuddenly it loses the carrier signal and fails to reconnect until I reboot it

Shipping was so fast i do like nexus5 really smooth system design is so great only the bad for me is the limitation of color choice

Finally, a real Android experience without the bloatware, coming from a Samsung GS3, this is like supersonic! The phone is extremely lightweight, screen is crisp, everything about this phone is just superb!. Couldn't give 4.5 Stars, I would have taken off the 0.5 because I'm an Audio guy and its a bit poor in the sound department, but not poor enough to be a deal breaker, great phone still!!

The complete Android experience, fast, clean and beautiful. If you like Android it is the perfect gadget for you without grasps and hangs from other brands.

I got this phone recently. I do NOT like it at all. My phone always go into muted mode. It drops the call very often even when I have a very good cell reception. I like google maps - but I don't like the map from this phone. It goes into a stuck mode if you accidentally touch the screen. I guess this phone is for extremely high techies. I want to go back to my old iphone.

It goes without saying that you can get a NEW nexus 5 for a 100 bucks less elsewhere. But this review is not about that. It is about the maturity of android and supporting hardware. My first android phone ran android 1.6, and I bought a new one each year since. Frankly this is the first time I buy an android phone with a stellar experience right out of the box. I mean almost all problems have been resolved including battery life, lag, responsiveness to touch, etc...On the hardware side, Qualcomm has outdone itself with snapdragon 800. This soc runs cool, allows for seamless operations, and is light years ahead of the crippled tegra 3. I think 800 ushers in the era of respect for mobile CPU.Having said all that, this is open source and you will run into the occasional minor problem. For example, I cannot install snapchat because I am running android runtime. Google said they resolved the issue but they did not. Another example, you still cannot do app by app notification control as far silencing one while allowing the others to sound off etc...I have a lot more to say about this amazing phone but I am not much of a writer. However, I will answer any questions posted in the comments.

Excelent value for money!

Good device but is the upgrade really worth it?I got a Nexus 5 to replace my previous phone which was a Samsung Galaxy S3. For those thinking about doing the same upgrade, I made a video reviewing the two devices, here's the link: http://goo.gl/Kn2KdyIn terms of specs, processing power, etc., the Nexus 5 is obviously top-notch. So to test that in practice, I decided to run a couple Vellamo Benchmarks to compare the performance of my old and new phone on different tasks --- all trying to figure out if the upgrade is worth or not.A few conclusions came out of my analysis:- The benchmark results showed that the Nexus 5 is really great if you do a lot of gaming, heavy apps or reading.- If mostly you do internet browsing, however, the difference is almost non-existent -- in which case you can stick with your old device- Nexus 5 is bigger but lighter- Screen resolution and hardware are incomparably better- The Galaxy's only advantage is on the front-camera's higher resolutionOf note, recently my brother's Nexus has been showing problems with unresponsive buttons. It seems this is a quite common issue, so beware of it.

Bought it for my sister who lives in other country. Was very easy to just change sim card & start using. Excellent phone.

An incredible smartphone with excellent design and image.The product deserves it!Everything I like!Recommended for those who have good taste!

EDITED REVIEW:There are two versions of the phone, new has bigger speaker vents and newer, more shatter-resistant glass. Look at the web as to how to distinguish the two. Google store was dumping the old inventory at the time I bought it, and I have the older version, even though the new one was available for over a month. There was no indication whether the "new" or "old" phone would ship.I doubt that this is a big deal in the overall long-term function of this device, but it would be good to be able to buy the "new" version if given the choice.Some problems that have surfaced:-the phone has a habit of sometimes forgetting it's hooked up to a BT device.-phone doesn't always like to connect to WiFi without a restartFor this I'm deducting a star.Original review below:Bought this on the google play store. $400+ tax and shipping. Had it on my doorstep the next day.Came from s3, and didn't want to renew my contract with SprintPros:-beautiful screen-almost no pre-installed software-fast processors-excellent microphone, most people I call say they can hear me much more clearly-seems to have a better antenna than the s3, have been getting better reception-long battery life-cheap (nearest competitors are 200-250 more)Cons:-google INSISTS on shipping phone with "hangouts" which is  a clunky SMS program--forcing you to either endure it or downloading an ad-infested 3rd party SMS app-doesn't seem to like any USB cable except the one that shipped with the phone-charging seems to take a while-screen is a bit dim, even when set to manual and the highest setting--a problem when outdoors in bright sun. If it's on auto, it's really hard to read. I use my phone to track biking and running, and can't always see the screen.This is too good for 4 stars and not perfect for 5, but there's no 4.5.

Phone came as advertised in original sealed box with every accessory intact. Ordered the 32gb USA model and  I am so loving the speed of the phone, the 2gb ram makes multitasking so sweet without lags, the phone also boots very fast. Making my Galaxy nexus feel like a pentium 1 computer lol. Also got the maxboost hard case which fits it well and anker screen protectors.

I bought the nexus 5 from Google not even one month ago. I love the phone. It runs so smooth the design looks amazing my camera is awesome. I love everything about this phone. However, I recommend to nobody. I got the 32 GB and a Google case and cost me about 480. My phone slid off the couch about 2 feet high landed on a rug and my screen is completely shattered. My heart was broken. Why would a screen shatter from the lightest of falls? I had an iPhone 4s and dropped it on concrete many times. My boyfriend has the nexus 4 and has never had a problem. So of course the warranty will not cover for falls. I did a search and I'm not the only one with the same problem... It cost 159 dollars for a new screen but I may switch phones because it will probably break again. Oh remember I said I had a case? Its not the best thick case but it did cost 40 dollars from Google and it fell from 2 feet! Just a warning the galaxy s5 may be a better choice! Trust me I love love love how my phone operates and my boyfirneds loves his 4. It might be different if nobody else had the same problem but many people have and its an expensive fix and an expensive phone. I wish I would have known this before I bought my phone.

This phone, specifically, is known to have the screen glitch out. It did it with mine, and now I spent $500 on a phone I can't even use. Inform yourself before buying this phone, and google it's problems.[...]

Great Smartphone and operating system. One problem unsolved: No enter key on hangouts in Hebrew. Google should fix it immediately.

It is my first experience with Andoid system, after having Blackberry and Iphone. I am not a technology specialist, but I think I bought a great product for its simplicity, speed and ease of use. The appearance of the equipment is very elegant and to be 5 inches is extremely light in weight. As for the operating system have nothing to say because as I said earlier is my first Android, but I can say that in 15 day that I have with smatphone me feel very comfortable and identified with the product. Great smartphone, great buy. Thanks. (Excuse me for translation)

It it unlocked. I use it in Philippines. Nexus 5 is the best. This is a great reason to stay away from Samsung products.No bloatware, always updated, fast and snappy, wireless charging (buy charger separately), great screen, cheap price for a primary phone.

I purchased a Nexus5 from T-Mobile store. I had decided to get rid of my iPhone and try this touted Android.Approx 4 weeks later I dropped the phone and cracked the screen. the phone still worked, however had a crack from the upper corner to the middle of the other side of the screen. Thinking that LG would be the best to repair versus a local 3rd party, I called LG, got an RMA number, and proceeded to send back the phone for repair. Told me that once the unit would be received in their Fort Worth facility, they would call me with the repair cost before proceeding.I waited 3 weeks and no call, so I called them. I was told that they 'tried to call me, and couldn't get a hold of me - and the unit was shipped back to me'. I was a bit confused as I had not received a call at all, and also confused as to why they wouldn't at least email me first, as they also had this information as part of the RMA process. Then I got cut off the call. As I was on a land line I figured it must be at their end. I got a call back immediately on the alternate cell number I had given them with the RMA information when I sent in the phone. This told me they at least had the correct phone number on file for me, so wondered why I had never received a call as the customer service agent indicated.The agent then proceeded to change her story, and told me that the reason they sent it back, was that it was deemed 'un-repairable', and so they returned it to me. I was quite confused at this point given that it actually worked - just a cracked screen - and asked if there was any replacement options - the LG rep said no. I asked to talk to a supervisor. I was placed on hold for 16minutes ! yes a quarter of an hour...and then 'Brandon' came on to explain that they took the phone apart and saw some epoxy near the edge of the circuit board cracked, and therefore deemed it un-repairable - so there was nothing they could do. I was stunned -  and then stunned even more to hear that while they took it apart it now does not work at all... and still they feel no obligation to provide even an alternative to replace the unit. I asked for clarity again, as I know a little about customer service, I said 'nothing. not even a replacement unit at cost alternative' ,  to which Brandon said 'no'.Amazing for their customer service to be so short sighted on the big picture of the effects of such brutal customer service - on so many levels.

Great phone. Great to hold and use. Camera is pretty good in my book and battery life is pretty standard. Would recommend to anyone looking for an unlocked phone because you can't beat the price.

Be carefull, there is an American model and a 'rest of the world' model. The American model is in Belgium not capable of making 4G connections. But is working perfectly up to 3G. A European model (16Gb only) is available at Vandenborre online.

Love this phone. I've used iPhones for a long time. Got Glass so I got this phone to get full use of it. I was very surprised. I love this phone ... and the Android OS. Would highly recommend it. GREAT PHONE.

I upgraded from IPhone 4 which I enjoyed for 3 years.The nexus5 comes without any user guide or instructions for the novice Android user..Telephone and WiFi reception is poor compared to Iphone. disappointing!Backup is a headache.However lots of cool stuff and as a Google fan I enjoy the integration and transparency across devices.

perfect size,  very light weight, tried playing some very high graphics racing games-amazing performance! worth the money spent. thank you

I ordered this phone on May 15th and it was delivered on May 19th! Very fast shipping if you ask me. I kept watching videos on youtube on how the phone comes in the package and was expecting the worst for my phone because I didn't order it from the actual store... BUT...to my surprise it came exactly like how it was shown in all the videos from people who got it from the Google Store.So far I am loving this phone! It is indeed Unlocked, I'm from the Caribbean and it works with my sim card just fine. It's beautiful and extremely light & works perfectly. The camera takes great pictures, not exactly perfect like my old HTC One *tear* but still does the job! Even the speakers for me are loud whereas alot of people complained that it wasn't. I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PHONE. I'm going to guard it with my life! Great product from the seller! Would definitely purchase from this seller again if I had to!*Happy customer* :)

One short and sweet one liner -> Nexus 5 is literally a big brother of iPhone 5s. Its as beautiful as black iPhone 5S and Kitkat OS is on par (actually better) with iOS. You can say its bigger iPhone (I mean it) because Android OS is more flexible, customizable and powerful and it is bigger than in size like its big brother. The bigger size definitely helps in games and all kind of media consumption.This device performance is buttery smooth and the overall experience inspires utmost satisfaction. Given its size it feels so light and slim even compared to iPhone 5/5s.It is not even best nexus device so far but best out yet among all.And now I will explain it.--------------------------1. Design, look and build quality-> I differ here from most reviewers who says its plain or boring and nothing stands out of this. Its as good looking as black (space gray) iPhone 5S. Its all black like iPhone 5s. Though its made of plastic its feels sturdy, well built with precision only known to Apple. And for the people who tell iPhone made of aluminum, Nexus 5 sides appears no inferior to iPhone 5S black sides. The front glass is very well fused with the body with almost no gaps. Now what we are left with? Back? The back of Nexus 5 is though made of plastic it feels very good in the hand and due to its matte finish does not seem to slip off.Now one step further...iPhone 5S black (or space gray) seems to have identity crisis of being black or something else, Nexus 5 black is perfectly black and it has got radically different sides (not plain round rectangle which all other smartphones have). The sides are beautifully something else.iPhone 5S beauty is revealing and Nexus 5 beauty being black is mysterious and never gets boring.I love this black beauty and don't blame for my taste as they said "beauty lies in the eyes of beholders"."Simplicity is Beauty and Beauty is simplicity, nothing more, nothing less." - Oscar Wilde. If any phone on the market lives up to the Oscar Wilde's quote its Nexus 5.In short its unapologetically simple".2. Processor/speed-> Buttery/silky smooth. Neck to neck with iPhone 5s and second only to Note 3 for all practical purposes.3. Screen/display-> Awesome. Its better than retina any time as its full HD. The feeling of display being washed up goes away very soon and remember the so called best retina have the same problem as they share the same display technology.4. Ecosystem-> Android eco system is as good  as Apple's. In fact I find it better because of Android OS power you have kind of powerful applications which Apple fan boys can never have. Apple fan boys just give a try to 'tasker' (Warning: Only if you can handle Android's raw power.)5. Powerful Soul-> "Fools are those who don't want their souls to be powerful." Its as good as iOS but better why? because its powerful and customizable. You can do the things with it when you need. Its no way comparable to inferior iOS. Apple fan boys! People should not be proud of a system which does not even let them change default for anything.6. Call Quality -> Fantastic. I have never had so clear voice on call for very long.7. Network Signal Quality -> Fantastic.8. Volume/Speaker-> Inherently the speaker is very loud. Though in some application it might sound a little short of enough but its software related problem and should be fixed in future update. I have tested the volume in many application like play and in some apps are freaking load. While playing music through play I had to cut down on the volume in car its so powerful.With headphones its fantastic. The voice quality is very superior and has no noise in it. Its as pure as it gets.9. Camera-> I have seen all the comparisons of Nexus 5 with all leading phones (HTC one, Nokia Lumia, iPhone 5s, Samsung Galaxy S4) and its competing neck to neck in every department except its little slow to focus. But once it focus it takes very good images. HDR+ beats all other phones (I swear it). But again Google admitted it was software related issue and would be fixed soon through update. Personally I am pretty satisfied with the camera.Its at least best nexus phone camera and comparable to others except in little slower to focus. The photos are very detailed with accurate colors.Note: I have uploaded some photos for reference.10. Battery-> No complaints. Nothing great or bad  here. Its definitely better than many old phones (including galaxy nexus) and equal to many others.It just falls short of only two smart phones right now which are LG G2 and Note 3. But it's battery is comparable to the best smartphone i.e. iPhone 5s. So if iPhone 5S can be the best with that kind of battery I don't understand how we could complain of Nexus 5. For casual usage you will charging it once a day. The noticeable thing is that in idle mode it does not eat battery at all and that's where it will average out better end of the day.11. Reparability-> iFixit has given its 8 of 10 in this department and you should feel comfortable saving your money on costly repair by doing many things yourself and the whole assembly is modular.Summary-> Even keeping its lower price aside, Its the one of best smart phone and should equal or better any best smart phone on the planet right now. And you add advantage of lower price...

The only down side I see in this phone is the battery (too short, have to charge twice a day if I'm gonna stay up late at night) and almost no manual gestures for accesibility.But apart from that, the phone hasd a great response, never slows down op seems to be jammed, the camera works great (no innovative features though)If you want a high luxury phone, this is not for you, but if you're seeking a low cost highly efficient phone, this is the best choice

Was delivered on time, and is a great product

This was to replace my Galaxy and the differences are amazing! My first thoughts were that I'm SO happy not to have (pay-for) programs forced on me. I would never update them since I never used them. They hogged the ram on the phone so I wanted to "brick" it.I ordered the book, "The (Unofficial)Google Nexus 5 Smartphone Book" so I can learn everything about it. It switches from Wi-Fi very fast with no problems, light-weight, large screen, fast (very responsive), easy to use, bright and colorful and I know it's the best Android on the market.I had a 16gb card in my Galaxy which can't be used now but that's ok. Since it has 32gb, I think that's enough storage for any phone.

NB: I got an unlocked Nexus from the Play Store to use on the Sprint Network.I gave the Nexus 5 a week of normal-use testing. The hardware is fantastic, the battery life isn't as bad as they say, and it's got enough power to make it a pretty impressive Mini-tablet experience. Android 4.4.2 (&#34;KitKat&#34;) is pretty disappointing, what with levels of Google App integration that surpass Facebook levels of nosy spyware, but with a root and the XPosed Framework added, that's easy enough to work around.Unfortunately, it looks like LG and Google forgot that this thing was supposed to be a phone. If you don't install Google Voice (which &#34;conveniently&#34; stores all of your voicemail on Google's servers, which they'll then &#34;helpfully&#34; transcribe, incorrectly, and log for their future perusal to determine what kind of ads to shove in your face), then the only notification you'll get that you have new voicemail is a blank text message from a 4-digit code (I am led to believe that this is a Sprint-specific problem. Go figure).At least you won't have to worry about your contacts missing your actual text messages, though, since there's some kind of bug which makes the phone randomly decide to send them twice. This was originally reported as a problem with the &#34;Hangouts&#34; app being used for SMS (there's that google integration again, storing your text messages alongside your voicemail!). I wasn't using Hangouts, I was using ChompSMS, which I've used for over a year on my old &#34;Gingerbread&#34; phone without the problem peeking up.I guess one can make the case that in our modern, 140-character keyboard-swiping world, it was easy to overlook the fact that, when making something called a &#34;telephone&#34;, it's generally a good idea to make sure audio quality is up to snuff. I've spent the majority of every call in the past week repeating &#34;What?&#34;, &#34;I didn't get a word of that?&#34; and &#34;Are you chewing on a sock?&#34; to the unfortunate parties on the other end of my phone calls. It would have been more embarrassing if they'd been able to hear what I was saying, though.

Bought it on December 7, 2013 as a gift to my son for christmas. Poor kid was very excited. He opened it on the 25th and started using it. January 3, 2014, the Nexus 5 does not even wake up anymore. Troubleshooting done with google technical support and the final decision was to exchange it. So, I decided to just return it for good and make my final switch to iPhone. One star for the responsive technical support they have. Excitement turned disappointment. Just poor quality.

i just love the nexus line and this is what you spect from it, a powerful yet minimalistic piece of hardware that runs anything you put in it fast and smooth, i consider myself a power user, not only in the every day social networking and messaging but also gaming and development and this device just has it all and the price is just unbeatable

Best phone you can ever get. Go for it if you are just looking at options between Samsung s4 or LG G2. The 1080p screen has beautiful colors and so clear picture quality. The processes are so fast that you don't see a single lag.

I purchased this phone directly from Google when it first came out and have absolutely loved it. It worked very well the first few months I owned it. Unfortunately, two flaws have emerged that completely disable the phone, and one cannot be fixed.First issue was that the upgrade to Android version 4.4.2 introduced an error for certain popular applications that use the camera, such as Skype, causing the phone to heat up and the battery to drain in about an hour. Look up "mm-qcamera-daemon"; that's the name of the application that will run constantly, even when you aren't using any camera-related apps or even using the phone at all, and that will completely deplete the battery within two hours. The solution is to uninstall these apps, which is inconvenient and reduces the functionality of the phone. Google's evidently known about this problem since the introduction of the latest version of Android and has yet to fix it.The second issue, the fatal one, is the "SIM Card Added - please reboot" message. Although it may not affect all that many phones, you will find thousands of posts on this problem. Moreover, at least based on my experience, is that you never know when this problem will rear its ugly head. No one seems to know the source of this problem, whether it's hardware, software, or network related. My guess is it's some unique combination of all three, but the fact of the matter is that it seems to affect primarily the Nexus 5 and not other devices and will render your phone completely unusable. My phone worked nearly perfectly from when I received it in November, 2013 until late April, 2014. Then I took it with me to a new city and as soon as I got off the plane and turned it on, I got this message, and the phone would not connect to the network until I rebooted. Everything was fine after that--for about maybe 5 minutes, or sometime 70 minutes or sometimes 10 minutes, then the message would appear again and the phone would require another reboot to connect to the network again. It doesn't matter if I'm using it or if it's just sitting on a table. Unfortunately, the problem has persisted even after returning home.I've contacted Google twice about the second problem, once by phone and once by chat. They said I had to go through a series of trouble-shooting steps (all of which I tried, by the way, including testing a different SIM) that they promised to email to me and that are required to be performed before sending out a replacement under warranty. Guess what, I never received the email and, so far, after two attempts, there is no way to get Google to honor the warranty.If you want this phone, my advice is to purchase it from a place where the warranty will be honored, because Google has not been responsive to my warranty claim. Of course, that's if you're willing to take the risk of having a phone that for unknown reasons can suddenly become completely unusable as a phone.

Very light weight, easy to carry. Really fast processor. Camera works OK. Still need to try more apps on it

Materials: good details, especially in the back , it feels good to the touch.Display: one of the best in the market , excellent colors and sharpness .Camara : I am not a professional photographer , so I can tell you that for me it is acceptable and even better than some common cameras selling here.Memory 32GB: I think it is a good storage capacity, even for people who lose a lot of videos , take many photos, and downloaded many games, he left over space.Android 4.4 -Platform: It's my first android phone , I think this system is going VERY fluid. I feel like I've been reborn again, I had to adapt to many new features , and I've found super- useful applications .NEGATIVE :MEDIOCRE POINT BATTERY DURATION : only lasts me just 8 hours! ! after that time I have to find a power connector quickly.Summary: Good team with excellent performance, quality - price.I hope you enjoy , I'm HAPPY !

Phone looks pretty good. I wish it had an instruction booklet included. For my first android phone , it would have helped a lot. Oh, and a some ear plugs would have been nice too for $450.00 phone. Even my old Nokia N8 came with earplugs and a little outside speaker good enough to listen to music in the garage when I'm working on stuff.

Fast shipment, the phone is excelent. i love the screen and the size, fits nice in my pocket . it was what i was expecting

This phone have blazing speed, everything here works smoothly , no matter how many apps you install, he will keep the speed has he have nothing!

application run very quick, also the switch between application is very quickonly one thing that i didn't like - you can't add more memory card

I received 16GB instead 32gb.I purchased nexus 5 32gb unloock and I received nexus 5 16gb on  open box.

Great value for money. Upgraded from the Nexus 4 and there was a noticeable improvement in performance and quality. Compared to other phones of similar spec I would only consider the Moto X (price drop in Jan 2014).

I liked the Nexus 4,and the Nexus 5 has a slightly bigger screen, higher resolution, slightly greater battery capacity, and slightly less weight.  I'm very satisfied with it.

It's an amazing phone. It allow you to run multiple applications with no change in performance. Has many functions that makes it a great entertainment center and work phone.

Seems like gouging to me. 489.00 for 32 gig? I can get directly from Google for 399. 00.  Just plain wrong

Awesome phone.... Works better than my wifes S4 samsung... It doesnt lock up. Onlybissue is batt life is a bit short

I love that phone! really amazing! the camera is perfect! the screen! i like all the phone! excellent job! Greetings!

I switched from a Samsung Galaxy S4 to the Nexus 5 and what an improvement.  I really don't like all the extra &#34;stuff&#34; that vendors put on their phones and the S4 was probably the worst.  With just plain Kit Kat the phone is so much faster and responsive.  I have had a lot of different Android phones over the years since the original Droid.  I can say without a doubt this is the best phone I have ever owned.  I will never own anything besides a Nexus going forward, that includes tablets as well.  I won't go into the details of the phone as there are already enough reviews everywhere for that, but if you are looking for a clean version of Android on a phone, there isn't anything better, especially at this price.  Though the new One Plus One does look intriguing.

Screen, size, style and computational power, all met my expectations. Also i like vanilla android on google phones.The only odd is speaker. In the bottom it has two speaker holes, but actually it has only one. So, if you close oneof them with thumb, the sound will be blocked at all.Overall, phone definitely worth it price.

I've been a long time Nexus brand user, owning the first generation Nexus 7 and Nexus 4. I also have an iPad 3 and an iPod Touch 4th generation. I wrote a lengthy Nexus 7 review before; here is my lengthy Nexus 5 review updated after over a month of straight usage. It should cover the vast majority of topics on the device. Let's get started on what possibly is the best high end phone deal in America.(1) Hardware:Personally, in my opinion, high to medium end devices from reputable brands have reached the point where most people won't be able to tell the difference or the difference won't be something they regularly use. That said, I'm still going to cover it, if you're not interested in the nerd talk about hardware, then all you need to know is that the phone is capable hardware wise for demanding users and honestly overkill for average users. Skip this section of my review and head on down to the camera portion.The device is built on a Qualcomm S800 Pro processor. Clocked at 2.2 GHz quadcore processor, the phone screams on speed. I'm not a fan of mobile benchmarks due to their inherent problems of actually measuring what they claim, but benchmarks all put the Nexus 5 at the moment in the top end of performance. Compared to my Nexus 7's Tegra 3, the Nexus 5 has a fighter jet engine compared to the first generation Nexus 7's turboprop engine.There's also a Hynix 2 GB RAM chip running at DDR3 1600 Mhz, and either a 16 GB or 32 GB Sandisk NAND memory chip depending which model you bought. Google is charging $50 more for the 32 GB device. That's about a 625% markup over wholesale NAND prices. Take that as you will.There are Bluetooth, NFC, GPS and unlike the Nexus 4, a slim-port compatibility, thus letting you connect the phone to a monitor or television screen. LG/Google kept the wireless charging from the Nexus 4, to which the wireless charger has to be purchased separately.The phone comes with an Adreno 330 graphics chip. I'm not a big mobile gamer, but this per the professional reviews and FPS benchmarks will handle every game out for Android. For non-gamers, the Adreno 330 is overkill.Microphone and talk clarity are on par with Nexus 4, meaning fine. Speaker seems to have more noise at higher volumes. Also, speaker is mono despite there being two grills at the bottom. One grill is for the microphone.Connects via standard USB, where the device itself has a microUSB connection. Plugging the device into your computer brings it up as another removable storage device where you can simply drop and drag files into folders. Easy file movement plus standard USB makes the device very simple to use and standard charging conventions make it easy to find chargers around your house and office. Sometimes the device goes wonky on USB connection (was a Nexus 4 issue as well), so just go into settings and storage, click on the settings (3 vertical boxes) and change the connection to PTP or MPT and the phone will reappear properly.Like all recent Nexus devices, no MicroSD slot and no removable battery. MicroSD slot is partially alleviated now that USB OTG works. See my "other" section for more details.You can find these specific parts on iFixit's tear down which gave it a solid 8/10 for user repair. For the low price of $349/$399, there is no other phone with this quality hardware that for the price.Right now, due to shortages in supply, many people are scalping the phones for profit. If you can wait, the phone will ship between 2 and 4 weeks and if the Nexus 4 timeline tells us anything, quickly reach the point where it's under a week. My phone took a little under 3 weeks to deliver from ordering it on the 1st of November.(2) Camera:The back camera is still an 8 megapixel and front is 1.3 megapixel, same as the Nexus 4. Low light has improved considerable and HDR+ alleviates many of lighting problems. HDR is a software/hardware combination that takes three photos, one underexposed, one overexposed and one regular and the software combines them to even out the lighting issues to produce the best possible shot. Graininess has been reduced as well. Google keeps the same minimal interface for the camera with the select and drag method for changing options.Image stabilization is so-so and the camera can be slow to focus at times. The Nexus 5 camera is an improvement over the Nexus 4, but a Lumia this is not.  Google released updates to the Android OS that had specific Nexus 5 camera fixes. The camera's improved, but it's still relatively slow at focusing. However, image quality has improved considerably as have night shots. The only real criticism now is that the camera is slow to focus.(3) Android 4.4 - Operating System:Google's latest and greatest is on display here. Android 4.4, otherwise known as Kitkat comes pre-installed on the phone. There are some changes from Android 4.3 Jelly bean. Like all Nexus devices, operating system updates are done over the air via Google. No waiting on device manufacturers or carriers.The launcher has changed and on the Nexus 5 (and it's exclusive to the Nexus 5), and widgets are now removed from the app screen and are accessed by pressing and holding down on a home screen.Icon sizes have been enlarged in the app library, and formatting has been tweaked.Android Run Time (ART) is now available as opposed to the stock Google Dalvik compiler. Allegedly, ART nets a handful more hours out of the device per some reviews, but I haven't noticed any difference. In theory, ART should speed up the device, but with the S800 Pro already blazing fast, it's questionable if anyone will notice, your mileage will vary. Also, some apps are broken under ART.Google has prominently placed Google search on the top of the phone and included the new function of simply talking to your phone to have it fulfill requests. Simply say "Ok Google" and the Google Now function loads up where you can ask questions or request information simply by talking to it. Phone has to be unlocked for it to work as opposed to the Moto X which I believe will work without unlocking.Hangouts has merged with text messaging for a combined app. As with all Android phones, you can download another app and make it your default over Hangouts. Currently the Hangouts change in my opinion was a mistake. Group texting via SMS has problems with sending, the app prioritizes sending to Gmail accounts over SMS and you can't mix SMS and Gmail group chats together. The separation in 4.3 was a better system.Google kept the Sywpe like typing option on its default keyboard (drag your fingers between keys rather than typing) and notification center appears to be the same from 4.3. Colors however for notification went from blue to white. Also the notification flashing light is still there from the Nexus 4. It's sort of like the Blackberry's red flashing LED, but at the bottom.Outside of the changes from 4.3, stock Android 4.3, stock meaning there's no "skin" over it such as Touchwiz or HTC's Sensation, runs extremely fast. Apps load instantly, everything is extremely responsive. This is not Android Honeycomb that was an unresponsive lag filled mess. It is however, less intuitive than iOS 6/7. Android verse Apple has always been like this and its personal preference. That said, if you're in to nearly complete customization, widgets, lock screen information and generally busting out of a walled garden to have your phone do what you want it to do, this is your cup of tea.(4) Battery Life:The battery life on the Nexus 5 is better than the Nexus 4. A slight boost of 200 mAh to 2,300 from 2,100 mAh is minor and it appears the gains are from the operating system primarily. Some user are reporting with ART, they can last a full day as opposed to 16 to 17 hours on Dalvik, some users are reporting the same battery life.After more than a month of the usage on the device, I find that battery life is generally superior to the Nexus 4 and going a whole day is not a problem. This isn't a Note 3 that will last all day gaming. Mileage will vary depending on your behavior.The biggest killer of battery aside from constant gaming is using LTE in an area with weak LTE signal. The phone (like all phones) will eat up huge amounts of battery trying to maintain the bad signal. Sometimes it will drain 20% of my battery in an hour or two on standby. Switching to 3G as the primary network reduces standby usage to a few percent over two or three hours.(5) Build & Looks:The phone comes in two colors, black and white. Note that the white version does not extend the white to the front; it's just the back panel.The phone is fairly light and considerably lighter than the Nexus 4. It is still a black rectangle like most smartphones. LG/Google have forgone the glass backing from the Nexus 4. This should significantly reduce real damage as the soft plastic backing is far less susceptible to shattering like glass. The phone is a bit thinner than the Nexus 4.Screen is 4.95 inches, with confirmed Gorilla Glass 3. The phone is using IPS which gives better clarity and color than the Nexus 4. Resolution is set at 1,920-by-1,080 pixel for a 445 pixel density (PPI). I'd still use a screen guard as the face drop test reveals that Gorilla Glass 3 is good for preventing scratches, but so-so to horrendously bad on impact resistance.Side bezels are very minimal, but the top and bottom bezels are still large. Overall, it's not going to wow people upon first look, but most of us are here for performance and pure Android, what excites us is now how a phone looks, but what we can do with it.(6) LTE & Carrier Support:Google is selling these phones completely unlocked, meaning that you can go to any carrier that supports its bands and it should work.Unlike the Nexus 4, the Nexus 5 is LTE enabled. This was a huge reason for me to get the Nexus 5 as I'm paying for T-Mobile's LTE on the simple plan but I wasn't able to access it. My local HSPA+ was topping out around 11 Mbp/s in the heart of Honolulu to a paltry 4 Mbp/s in my house away from the heart of the city. LTE has pushed urban speed to over 30 Mbp/s (per my last test) and my house to over 9 Mbp/s. Your mileage will of course vary.Nexus 5's LTE will work with bands on T-Mobile, Sprint and AT&T.; Verizon has some LTE bands that the Nexus 5 doesn't support and Verizon and Google have some ideological issues that are preventing them from working together on the Nexus line. T-Mobile is selling the device non-subsidized at a $100 markup financed over 24 months at 0%. Sprint is selling the phone subsidized at $49 but you'll pay it all back and more through subsidy recovery fees built into the monthly bill. AT&T; isn't selling the device but will support BOYD Nexus 5. Be aware though, unless you're on AT&T;'s prepaid Aio service, you're still going to be paying for subsidy recovery fees even though you didn't get a subsidy from AT&T.;A lot of people don't seem to understand that the amount they pay for the phone on day one, usually $199 is not the total price they pay for the phone. That's the down payment. AT&T;/Sprint/Verizon and previously T-Mobile recover their subsidy via the fees they charge in their monthly. T-Mobile and other non-contract carriers have broken out of this model and give a dosage of transparency to monthly billings as to what is service fee and what is subsidy recovery. If you buy an unlocked phone from Google and take it to T-Mobile, you will not be charged a device fee. If you take it to Verizon/AT&T;/Sprint outside of their prepaid options, you will be charged a device fee even though you did not get a subsidy. This will vastly increase the total price you pay for your phone. Keep that in mind.The best deal for this phone if you don't talk much is T-Mobile's $30 a month plan for 100 minutes, unlimited text and 5 GB of LTE, unlimited 3G. Download Google Voice for data calling if you need more talk time. For two years of service, that's $1,069 in total monthly and phone bills. That's less than the cost of 10 months of Verizon.If you're looking at other plans, Apple has done an extremely fantastic job of comparing AT&T;, Sprint, Verizon and T-Mobile's myriad plans into a single nice webpage. Google "iPhone Plans Comparison" for the best simple comparison of American big carrier plans. Apple labels these "iPhone Plans" but they are generic smartphone plans that anyone on any compatible device can purchase.(7) Other:Unlike the Nexus 4, USB Hosting OTG works. I personally don't find this that important, considering that OTG is a hassle on a device that's constantly on the move, but it is a big change from the Nexus 4 which didn't apply sufficient voltage to power USB Hosting. If you're wondering what USB Hosting/OTG is, USB Hosting and "On The Go" lets a phone or tablet to plug in a USB device in and let the device via the right program access the storage on the USB device. I'm currently using the Nexus Media Importer (as I previously bought that for the Nexus 7) as it lets me do this without rooting. I was never a big memory user on my Nexus 4, but I know some people are. Google "Meenova" for a more compact design that will let you access MicroSD cards on your Nexus 5. See my picture in the photo gallery.When I first started the phone up, Google play strangely tried to download and install every app I'd previous bought. What gives? I had to manually stop the install of certain apps.Sound quality via headphones is solid, but depends also on the quality of your headphones/earphones. Sound on the speaker is relatively low.Rooting is available now and there are a few ROMs for the Nexus 5 if you wish to play around.Accessories are flooding Amazon as well as eBay for relatively affordable prices. I'm using the[AIR CUSHION] Spigen Google Nexus 5 Case ULTRA HYBRID [Black] [1 FREE Premium Japanese Screen Protector + 2 FREE Graphics] Anti-Scratch Bumper Case with Clear Back Panel for Nexus 5 - ECO-Friendly Package - Black (SGP10609), but I'm not entirely happy as the flush buttons make it hard to use one handed as opposed to myRINGKE FUSION for Google Nexus 4 Best Selling Shock Absorption Bumper + Anti Scratch Clear Back Premium Hybrid Case [Eco/DIY Pkg.][BLACK].Personally, I do love Android. I can simply turn my phone on, look at my lock screen at the Dashclock Widget and see how many texts I have, emails, weather notifications Facebook notifications and so on without having to unlock my phone. I can also turn on GPS, silence my phone, the flash light on and other functions from my lock screen too. The Nexus 5 gives me a great affordable option.(8) Conclusion:The Nexus 5 has some drawbacks, adequate camera, no MicroSD slot, no removable battery and lacking some of Verizon's LTE bands. It does provide a blazing fast processor, roaring graphics chip, an extremely stock version of Android, thin and light design for a very affordable unlocked price. And it's Sprint capable. Android does take some time to learn, but it offers nearly complete customization. For $349 and a dose of willingness to learn, you can't go wrong here.TLDR: Blazing fast smartphone, okay camera, no bloatware, no Verizon, unlocked and just $349~399.

Great phone with lots of possibilities. Meets expectations. Best phone I ever had. Offers good value and lots of fun.

Overall the phone is good except for the battery life.  It lasts about 6 hours on average.  First phone I've had that can't make it through the day without a charge.  On the same note, the phone heats up really fast if you use it for more than 10 minutes at a time.  Not a huge a fan of it, but great value for the price.Also probably the best phone out there in the unlocked GSM category.
