
I could not understand what anyone was saying on the phone. If you cannot understand what people are saying what good is a phone.

It's a very good back-up phone. The quality of the phone is not great but you get what you pay for. If you need a smartphone just to get you by until you can afford to buy a better one this is definitely the phone for you. I have had this phone for 2 months now and I'm very pleased with it.

I bought this phone as a replacement until I get a better phone. The only good thing about this phone is that it can play my music and the WiFi hotspot function. This device is better as a hotspot then actually surfing the internet with it. The phone freezes constantly and isn't worth buying at full retail price of $60.... Lucky for me I got it on sale for $40 from a different seller.

The phone is a bit slow and the screen does sometimes go black and will not come back on. Other than that it is a good phone.

This is a terrible phone. It's too slow to do anything. I would advice you not to but this. If you want to buy a cheap, but decent phone, look at the Motorola Moto G, or if you're open to Windows Phone, go look at the Nokie Lumia 521. The Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant performs even better than this. Just don't look at this.

its ok but not what I think because the phone turn off alone and do things crazy if I need another phone really I dont buy another alcatehl one evolve

Android runs VERY slowly, but still works as you need it to.would be nice if it had a flash.

It doesn't have the fastest processor, but its a great value for the price!  It allows me to have a smart phone without paying an arm and a leg.

Phone shuts off on its own, battery life isnt great and it dials a number different than the one you are actually trying to dial.

I paid 49.99 for this phone at Best Buy. It was what I could afford The battery life is terrible about as bad as the Samsung Dart. By the time I get to Lower Manhattan from Brooklyn I need to use my Burro charger or find a plug! If I don't turn it off while using the portable charger it doesn't charge. The lag time on this phone makes trying to do anything a real drag. So I schedule things using my  old blackberry. I wouldn't suggest this phone to anyone as a primary phone it's probably ok as a backup I guess I would have come out better buying a used or refurbished phone from Amazon or Craigslist.. If you are outside  say at  the park you can't really see the screen unless you put your arm over to provide shade. If you  turn up the screen  brightness seems  the battery life is even shorter. No flash and lousy pictures its 5Mp but its awful  and hard to find covers and I live in NYC!! This phone is thicker  than most model phones now adays even cheap phones. Its about as heavy as The Concorde T Mobile use to offer  it does not take good pictures but the front facing camera is 99% better than the back. Selfies look like a old VGA flip phone totally  Sucks For Skype unless you are near a really bright light. Talking is fine listening to music not too good its rather low. I will probably keeP it for a back up or slam it on the ground when I buy my next phone.

Excellent phone, filled with features and games and apps of all kinds. Easy setup and made me happy from the start.

its not a bad smartphone for the price front and rear camera not the greatest but can't deal with it.

Only works for awhile. Swype turns off and battery life could use a lot of improvement. Vibrate turns off from time to time.

I got the phone @$50, never found $29 deal as some posted. Still, great phone with great price! Prism sells @$79-99 with only 125m memory, but this one has almost 1.5G phone memory. However, though it has SD card slot, this phone does not come with SD card.Have it for 2 months, so far love it.

My spouse had one of those old flip phones on prepaid T-Mobile account and at this point has to squint to see the screen. He wanted something with a larger screen but has no need at all for a data plan or email or anything else. He makes calls, once in a blue moon will send a text, and uses the camera when our cat finds herself in some predicament. That's it. He wanted no bells and whistles but wanted something a little larger and easier to read than the tiny screen flip phones.I charged up this phone, popped in his SIM card and his contacts were there and ready to go. We did a little Phone 101 training and he's good to go. A nice inexpensive phone that holds a charge well and suits our purposes.

My son love his Alcatel one Evolve phone.... So as long as he has ah smile on his face, I'm happy

the phone is very,very slow in responding.Like someone said in a previous comment,you have to keep at least over 200 mb for the phone to maybe work.making a phone call takes like 3-4 minutes,..this is a good price for this phone,but you get what you pay for,

Way too slow and does not work and doesnt have good quality on taking fotos just wasted money for nothing

this phone is really fast when you download Nova launcher and the wifi rang on this thing is really good I usually only get only 1-2 bars in my room on my samsung vibrant but with this phone i get all the bars and download speed is very fast everything on this phone is great! the screen is very clear and shows color really good! and its very vivid camera can be better in low light but that is what you get with a cheap phone like this! but it works really well outside on sunny days and can get really good pictures and videos with it! I bought this to hold me over while I wait to get enough money to get a moto G this is a really good phone! great for a back up!

I got this phone because I needed one as a development tool for Android applications, and this was an inexpensive choice. Little did I know that, for whatever reason, Alcatel disables LogCat on this thing. Android developers will recognize that as the means by which a developer gets messages from a running application so that its operation can be examined and debugged. I've worked with a number of Android phones and tablets and never had this issue before, and I can't imagine why Alcatel would do that, given that they left the other developer/debug features intact as far as I can tell. It's a real inconvenience. There may be workarounds but rather than invest the time to investigate them, I'll likely just send this phone back and just get one that doesn't have the problem. Unfortunate as it seems otherwise a good choice.

I'm paraphrasing another reviewer on the subject line, the best summary ever. I got this phone last October. It worked for 3 weeks. T-mobile has a policy that to exchange a phone you only have 14 days. I went 4, yes FOUR times to their store in my neighborhood and called them a couple of times until they allowed an exchange for which I had to pay $25. Now I'm on my second Alcatel and it keeps failing. When I touch the phone icon to make a call, it takes at least 5-10 seconds for the keypad to appear. It is moody, somedays, like today, the screen will go black, I can't text. I don't agree with comments that say: &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;. They are selling a phone. At least, you should be able to make calls and text!  I can't afford a $ 250 phone at this point. Mine is not a prepaid phone, I am on a contract and T-Mobile service is deplorable.

After a week of use, Had to return this phone.  Did not work well for us.  It kept asking for theSIM card although it was already inserted.  Then, kept stating no service and could not make or take any calls.  Incoming calls were going straight to voicemail  Had trouble answering calls with the swip feature.  The internet connection kept stating 2G although this is a 3G phone and we were in a 3G reception area - therefore the internet connection was very bad.  I was disappointed it did not work for us.

boring

Everything works fine and a good speed.  It doesn't have flash light (thus neither does have a flashlight).  The battery discharges so quick when using WiFi.

This phone works well with a T-mobile pay by the minute plan sim card.You can use wifi most of the time and go with SKYPE or google Voice.When necessary this 3g phone works well.The camera is not great but it gets the job done when needed.Contrary to a lot of reviews I find the display pretty good.I purchased this phone at discount (including a starter sim card) for $49.00

I live internationally. When I come to the US I use this phone. I have had many cell phones going back almost 20 years. This has to be the absolute worst phone I have ever used. Not user friendly, not consistent, it is crap. My favorite feature is when you choose to call someone and the phone does not ring, or make noise while connecting. It will either get you to the person you are calling, or while your waiting for a couple of minutes you look at the phone, and it just ended the call.Calls being dropped are a standard. I think Alcatel should be ashamed of themselves with such a horrible product. If I could call them from this phone and tell them that I would...I am sure it will drop.This will sum it up:  The phone is so bad I thought there was a problem with it. I decided I needed to update the software. The message I received when I attempted this was : &#34;Error happens. Last error is AUTHENTICATION&#34;....Oh that helps. Thank you Alcatel...!...Meanwhile I Googled what that meant...It means the phone is up to date!Horrible Horrible Horrible phone. Go buy yourself two cups and some string. You will have better reception.

A simple phone for a teen.  My daughter is in love with this phone.  She had a g1 and mytouch and says that this was the best phone she ever had.  So far so good.

I still can't believe that I was able to purchase this phone at the price I did. I looked on my phone carrier's website and couldn't find a smart phone for less than $160. I had not heard of Alcatel before so I wasn't sure if the phone would be as good as a Samsung or a Nokia like the ones I've had before. To my surprise, it looks even better, works just as well, and does just as much as any of the more familiar phone brands.I love this phone! I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't feel the need to spend a car payment for a smartphone, but wants the functionality of a touch screen smartphone.

Great display for the price 720x400 I'm guessing... which is good.I've dropped it so many times and it doesn't crack but the battery has came out every time I've dropped itCan play games smoothly without problems.Has play store per installed.The battery life isn't very good... don't expect to be away from the charger for too long. Takes forever to charge and drains so easilyCan play HD videos (720p or higher) but it is extremely laggy.The speaker is great.The touch screen is very precise.doesnt support 4g or 4g lteCamera isn't too good but it has both front and back facing camerasHeats up once in a while.Has an SD card slot that you can move games in as well as pictures, videos, music ect.I've had it for 1 month and I haven't had issues just the battery life even on standby and with WiFi off its still bad

This  phone is on sale at Target or Best Buy for $49.00  I just bought this and so far I like it allot because it has a big touch screen and Much unlike the Nokia Lumia 521 ,  it only took me 30 seconds to figure this phone out. . It looks and feels like a good quality cell phone and was exactly what I wanted for regular text or calls.  I hear the cell phone camera is not the best ,  and it does not come with all the apps that one might like to have ,  but I got this phone for only fifty bucks with a 30 day warranty.  Sweet!!

It is a mobile that helps for those who need to make only calls and install some that other applications like FB. whatsApp etc,

the phone have good features for great price im happy with the phone android 4.1 3g network  5 mp i love it

First of all, let me say that so far, I think that this is a decent little phone for what I need it for. I have tried quite a few of the features, and some of the complaints that I have seen, are legit, and others are self induced. The price for this phone will also very depending on where you go. If you use t-mobile and have a walmart near by, check their stores before you check the tmobile stores. What I have found is that walmart now has their walmart family mobile plans, that use both tmobile phones and their service. the point to this is, if you get this phone where it says tmobile on the front, it is $50, but if you get it thought the walmart version, is is $30 at their stores. at least locally here it is. Any of the the Family mobile phones that use Tmobiles service, are the same exact phone as the tmobile ones, just a different box. Why pay more for a box that you are just going to throw away anyways. The walmart ones even say tmobile on them too. so yes, same phones, just lower prices. Just know that the walmart version does NOT come with a sim card in the box. but if you already have service and just need a phone, then you already have a sim card so that is not a big deal. It only came with the phone, battery, USB charging cord, with adapter to plug that into the wall to charge it, and a manual.As for battery life. I have seen a lot of people say that it does not last even a day and things like that. That will all depend on how you use it and what you have turned on. From the factory, there are pretty much all features turned on. each thing that sends out signal, will drain your battery more. for example, a wifi signal is different from the blue-tooth signal, which is different from the regular cellular signal. Since none of them use the same type of signal, each one will use its own power to transmit. the more signals sent out, the more power it uses. Also, there is an active screen background. It is animated, which will also drain your battery faster too. The other thing to watch is the screen. As with any screen, from a computer to a TV to a phone, the brighter the screen is, the more power it uses. I have found that the screen at its lowest setting is fine for normal use. at least to me it is. Lower brightness, less power, which means longer battery life. I have those things turned off until I need them, then turn them on, and so far, from the power usage I have seen, leaving the phone on,but not powering it up fully constantly, I think that the phone will last about 8 days if left on just stand by without using it much.remember, this has a screen, the more that you keep that screen going, the more that it will drain the battery too. If you need the features, then turn them on. that is fine, but the people complaining that the battery is draining extra fast probably has everything turned on, and that is why it drains fast. as of right now, I have not used my phone much for talking. maybe a few minutes, plus I have also watched a few you tube videos that were around 4 minutes long each, and i have browsed around on the phone a bit too getting used to it (still getting used to it, have had it less then a week and used to have a flip phone so smart phones are new to me). they were the honest trailers videos if you have ever seen them. which i have streamed through my wifi, and my current stats are, the phone has been on for about 2 days, 21 hours and has 54% battery left, and that is all since the last time I charged it. so it is possible for this phone to last a while, but it depends on how you use it.Next is about the people that say that it lags bad. First let me say, this is a cheap phone. you are paying a cheap price. stop thinking it is a $500 i phone, its not. if you want a $500 phone go pay $500. This is a decent smart phone for regular use. Stop using it like it is the cure all to all devices, and expecting it too. Its not.This phone has some memory 1.36GB of which 1.12GB is free. It does have the option of an extra mini or micro SD card, which will support up to 32GB if I remember right. but space is important on a cell phone. When you do something, the phone needs space to work, and that memory is its space to work. If it helps, think of it this way. If someone gave you a small puzzle and put you in a car by your self and told you to put it together, you would have not trouble putting it together because you have lots of room. Now put 2 other people in the front seat with you, and you can still do the puzzle, because you have room, but because of not much room, it makes it harder so takes much longer to put it together, now put 2 more people on that seat, so now there is 5 people, and you can barely move because of no room to work. Well, a cell phone is just like that. I am not saying it needs tons of room to work, but if you fill the memory up with tons of stuff so there is almost no free memory left, that is exactly what you are doing to the phone. making it harder to do its job. so yes, you do that, and the phone will ran badly because you took all of its space away to work with. Its got the option of using a decent size memory card. get one and use it if that is what you are planning on doing.Now for the rest of the phone. The phone seems decently built. The back plastic to put the memory card in, or replace the battery holds on fine for regular use, and is easy to remove, but like all things now days, it is made from plastic, so dont expect it to take a huge impact. the quality of the phone feels decent, but I can not say as to how good it will hold up at to being dropped as I have not, nor do I intend on dropping it, at least not on purpose. The speakers seem to be of pretty good sound, and are plenty loud enough. The micro SD card slot is not the easiest to get to. It is under the battery, so dont expect to easily change it out if you change them out a lot. It does have a metal clip that holds the Micro SD card in very well though, so no need to worry about it falling out. I ordered a screen protector, and case for mine, but until it comes, I left the original screen covering on. One thing to note, if you pull that screen covering off, dont expect it to go back down without getting air bubbles. The screen is pretty responsive. i have had not problem with it responding so far. it has a decent amount of apps installed, from ones for the camera, to chrome for web browsing (will need updated though), and even maps too. Plus a ton of other stuff. The camera is a fixed lens, so if you zoom in, basically all it is doing is taking one picture, and then zooming in on that part of the picture, so the quality goes down when you zoom in. It is not that good under low light conditions. and from what I have seen, there is no flash either. I have not used the camera on the side with the screen, so I can not say as to how good that one is.When you have the phone in standby mode, if you miss a call, there is a little white light on the front, by the alcatel name, that will blink, so you know if you have a missed call, so you dont have to power up the screen constantly to see if someone called. Just look for that blinking light. I have done you tube videos on it with no problem. Mine came with the android 4.1.2 jelly bean version on it.Im sure I could complain about many of the things on the phone, but being realistic, I bought it knowing it was a cheap phone, so.. Overall, I am very happy with the phone so far. No, it does not have an extra fast processor in it, and no, it does not have an excellent camera, but it is a cheap smart phone. I did not expect a $500 phones features and quality out of it, because i know that is not what it is. If you take that into consideration, and use it for what it was made for, I am sure you will be happy with it too. I got one for my mom too, and she is as happy with hers as I am mine. I think that the people that are complaining about it are ones that turn everything one, take tons of pictures, and expect everything NOW!!! and are not happy with it because it is not doing the stuff that they want before they say they want it. or in other wards, they are expecting a $500 phones features out of a phone 1/10th that price. as they say, if you want a Ferrari, get a Ferrari, dont buy a Ford Escort and expect a Ferrari, because its not going to happen, and that is probably what people are doing.Just remember, dont fill up the memory until there is almost nothing left, turn off some of the features that you are not using at the time anyways (I dont foresee someone needing wifi on the road), turn down the screen brightness, dont use animated backgrounds, and I am sure that the battery will last you plenty fine too, and you will be very happy with the phone too. Yes, i do recommend the phone, but only to those that can use it for what it is.. A basic smart phone..Update......I have now used the phone a bit more and have found a few things out. First, the maps feature works great. It has GPS included in the phone so you can use it to find where you want to go, or where you are are when used with the google maps app. and since it is gps, if you loose cell service, it will continue to track you. Also, I have found that the space used on it, if you update a lot of the apps installed, will dramatically reduce your free space. I have installed no extra apps, but updated a lot of the ones installed, and my free space dropped down to about 800MB. That is a little over a 300MB drop is free space by updating the apps installed. Still plenty of free space to install a bit and leave room to spare, but just be warned that it will loose that much if you update all of the apps, so if you plan on installing much more, or if you plan on taking some pictures, definitely get a micro sd card and put it in the phone.Also an annoying thing that I have found. I have the Tmobile family unlimited plan, where you get 4 lines for $100. well, I found that while i am on tmobile's network, it works perfectly, but every time I leave it, and want to make a phone call, I get an error that says, "the sim card that you are about to use is now roaming no local sim is available now" and in order to send the call through, i have to click continue. It only takes a second to click it, but you have to do this every time that you make a call outside of T-Mobile's network, or you are using one of their partner networks. I am not actually roaming, where I get any extra charges, so I am not worried about it. It is more just annoying that I have to click continue to make the call every time I am not on tmobile's tower. If you pretty much stay on their towers, it will not effect you, or if you only call once in a while outside of theirs, then you may not mind. It only does this for outgoing calls. Incoming answer with no problem. I have looked it up, and found that it seems to be an android problem, not the phone or tmobiles fault. I have seen a lot of people post about the same error online, and from different carriers and phones, and the one common thing that I have found was they were all androids from what I have seen. and I think that they have all been from version 4.0 and up. at least up the the jellybean 4.1 version (not sure about the new 4.4 kitkat version, so dont rule it out). and there is no update to this phones OS as of right now either.Overall, I am still happy with the phone, just think that that sim message gets annoying, but since I am on TMobile's towers most of the time, I am not going to complain too much, but I did reduce my original review from 4 stars down to 3 because of this sim roaming message. I did find a workaround about that message, but have not tried it yet. Try at your own risk, but if you want to give this a try, it may fix it for you. here is what they put down (copy and paste so if something is wrong, it is not from me)......................................................ALL CREDITS GOES TO "CAMEL"For those who experienced this annoyng warning like "The SIM-card you are trying to use is now roaming. No local SIM is available now" I found a working solution. The basic ideea is to update a system property called [gsm.operator.isroaming] to false fast enough that the system belives that is not in roaming. You need root on your device for this workaround to work.Step 0. Get root access!!!! Adb working!!!Step 1. Create a file in /system/etc called "install-recovery.sh". If this file exists, append a new lineandroid# echo "\n/system/etc/camel-roaming &\n" >> /system/etc/install-recovery.shThis line will execute in background a script named camel-roaming which is placed in system/etc. Change its permission to 755 withandroid# chmod 755 /system/etc/install-recovery.shStep 2. Create a file in /system/etc called "camel-roaming". This will change roaming parameters once every second. Content of this file will be:while [ 1 - eq 1 ]dosetprop gsm.roaming.indicator.needed falsesetprop gsm.operator.isroaming falsesleep 1doneChange its permission to 755 using the same chmod command. Do not use windows notepad for edit because the way that it threats new lines. Use root explorer, midnight commander or simply echo to this file using echo "some text \n" where "\n" stands for a new line.Reboot your phone and voila! The warning will no more be displayed. It is a chance, probably one in a million to get this warning again if the property is changed by system in less than one second, while our script is sleeping.

For those one that want's an inexpensive low-end smartphone, this is one of the best choices. Very good size, good resolution, moderate rear camera and RAM, and comes with Android 4.1 wich runs very well. The battery life it's no good and have little space for user data, but handling the use of the phone and buying a 4GB (or bigger) Micro SD you can solve it. But as i said for only $50 it's a great deal.

this phone is really good and complete, has a large 4-inch screen, it's pretty fast, good cameras both front and rear camera are excellent, incredible battery performance in compradacion batteries with other equipment brand more recognized, the battery of this phone is amazing, even without using the option of saving lasts much longer than any other phone battery, and detailed LED notification is amazing, and to have a 1GHz processor with 512RAM really is very very FAST, use all my favorite applications and I have no problem with the speed of the phone, what truly impressed asambroso the phone with respect to price, excellent price for such Amazing phone, Salu2 from Venezuela

I got this for Father's Day but I had to return it.  The touch screen is way too sensitive for me.  Some people may not have this problem.  However, I had major issues with this phone.  The battery did not even last 1 day after the initial charge.  Running applications is another issue.  You have to disable any applications one at a time.  After a few minutes they are enabled again.Also a locked screen appeared out of nowhere and it took me a while to unlock it.  No mention of this in the user's guide.I'm not sure how reliable Alcatel is but I'm going back to my old Nokia phone for now.  Not Recommended.

I had to recently replace my T-Mobile Prism. I bought the Alcatel and it is great for what I need it to do.

This phone does everything I ask of it.  I use it as an mp3 player, camera, and phone.  I also use it to check email, watch youtube videos, and store some files among other things.  This camera does all of that and more without a problem.  But you do get what you pay for and here is what you are sacrificing by paying less.1. Battery life could be a little better.  I haven't ran out of battery yet, but I only use the phone a couple of times a day, and don't really play games on it.  If you like to play games and do a lot of stuff, the battery will run out faster. You can also turn off the wifi and bluetooth, and lower the screen brightness, as well as close apps to save battery.2. The camera takes satisfactory images.  I expected the camera to be worse that it actually was, but it was actually alright. The only problem is shooting at night because there is no flash, but no big deal.3. Games that require a fast processor might be slower.  I tried GTA Vice City on the phone and it ran pretty good.  I haven't played many games on the phone but if GTA works, it can't be too bad.4. The phone doesn't have much internal memory, so having a micro sd card ready is pretty necessary if you want to install more apps. but the micro sd cards are pretty cheap these days.Here are some positives1. The phone is relatively cheap2. There are a bunch of apps available in the Google Play store3. The camera is good, but there is no flash4. The mp3 player sounds good, and does everything I ask of it5. Youtube videos looks very good. I don't need a super high def screen on my phone.6. The built in speaker is loud. Plugging in headphones sound good too.7. You can use the wifi to surf the web and make calls over wifi.Like most phones, I would also buy a cover because I don't want to test it's durability.  I have also heard that some peoples phones run slow.  My guess is that they don't know how to close apps running in the background.  If you do, it's easy, and the phone should run fine.Overall this phone runs good compared to phones that cost hundreds more. It may not be blazing fast, or have a super hd camera, but it works fine as a phone, mp3 player, camera, and web browser, and it can run the apps that any more expensive phones can.  In my opinion, this is all you need in a smart phone

Poooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooo oooooooonooooooorI hate this terrible phone blanks out low camera pooooooooor camera, poor video , please discontinue this

good phone my son loves it

less storage space

Great phone

They were ok for my daugthers

Phone Sucks

This was a gift for a Family member,and she is very happy with it.No complaints so far.I would buy again.

I really like this phone. It performs very well and is attractive. If I had purchased this same phone from T-Mobile it would have cost  $80 more. For my use I prefer a prepaid cell phone and this one fits the bill just fine. I use my wifi for data access and could also use it for voice when whthin range of my router. I'm very pleased with it and feel that it was a bargain.

I bought this for my teen who keeps losing her phone. It's the best $49 cell you can buy. It's got every basic feature and works great.

its ok, this is a work phone so i dont have to load BS software on my Galaxy S3. its slow, but better than running an iPhone 3gs. just use it for email and making calls which it does great. dont expect to play games with any sort of graphics. wish it was easier to root and clean up.

I purchased these for my wife and I to replace (believe it or not) two Motorola Pebl U6 phones.  So these are our first smart phones.  This is a really nice phone for the price.  Even better.  It does more than I need and easy to set up.The only problem I had was getting help from T-mobile's techs telling me I can use my old Sim card from the old phone to put into the new phone.  Didn't work so I called T-mobile back and got a different tech and they gave me the correct info  by telling me only to use the new Sim card that came with the phones and she did Her thing at the other end after I gave her my serial number of the Sim cards.  Works great now.  I like the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth also.  Its much easier to transfer stuff from my PC to the phone using the Bluetooth feature.  If your PC don't have Bluetooth then buy a Bluetooth usb adapter.PROS: You can use "Speech to Text" to compose text messages (great for those slow in typing).  You can add your own pictures and assign them to your phone contacts. You can add your own ringtones and have each contact in your phone assigned a different ring tone.  I even assigned my own ringtone to the message notification. You can download Amazon apps instead of Google Play store.CONS:  You can't delete the apps that came with the phone.

The battery is running out of fast.Hard to use web because it's late.Google maps and navigation manage to work.Wi-fi call and just voice talking is very good.

un buen telefono me gusta

What is good? Nothing!What is bad?The battery back up. The phone dies  instantly, soon after charging. Camera does not take good pictures, they are blurry. The screen change takes sometime depending upon what you were doing before.Touchscreen sensitivity is not that good.Drops call, and at times, fails get signal, whereas other phones work with the same network.Thanks.

T-Mobile currently sells the Evolve for just $19 at T-Mobile's MetroPcs website and T-Mobile's neighborhood MetroPcs stores, a far lower price than the $80 price at T-Mobile mall stores.The version sold for T-Mobile is LOCKED to T-Mobile and the version sold for Metro is LOCKED to Metro. Both versions can be unlocked after 90 consecutive days of paid service.Third party vendors claiming to sell UN-locked Evolves buy LOCKED Evolves for $19 from MetroPcs and then resell them at higher prices with NO warranty.The Evolve is an okay phone for $19, but ONLY for those people who are willing to work VERY hard to manage the Evolve's tiny internal memory, which sharply limits the number and size of apps and games that can be installed.  If you do not keep at least 200 mb of open memory, the Evolve will stop working.The T-Mobile/MetroPcs 3G network is strong in very large cities, weak in many small cities and does NOT exist in most rural communities. Check your neighborhood on the coverage map on the MetroPcs website BEFORE buying.The Evolve can connect to wifi networks and use wifi to stream Netflix movies. Its 3G is not fast enough to stream video but 3G is fast enough to stream music from Pandora radio or Spotify.The four inch screen has good color and contrast but is not sharp enough to easily read small text. The Evolve's small size makes it comfortable in your hand and in your pocket. The soft touch coating provides a secure grip.The Evolve's tiny internal memory requires you to install a micro SD memory card on "Day One" and set that SD card as the default for storage. You must transfer large apps to the SD card and uninstall updates for the apps you never use and then disable those apps in the apps menu.You must keep AT LEAST 200mb of internal memory free for your phone to operate smoothly. The "one star" and "two star" ratings for the Evolve are the result of people not leaving enough open memory for the Evolve to work properly.The battery charge lasts only two or three hours if you are steaming Netflix videos or using the GPS to navigate. Keep wifi, 3G, Bluetooth and GPS turned off until you need them. Keep the screen brightness at the lowest possible setting indoors. Keeping wifi OFF, 3G OFF, Bluetooth OFF and GPS OFF enables you to get about 12 hours per charge including some texting, downloading email, and some short phone calls. Keep a charger at work and in your car for mid-day charging.The camera lacks a flash so it will struggle to take acceptable photos indoors but it takes okay, but not very sharp, photos outdoors in bright sunlight. On a rainy day, set the camera's light balance to "cloudy" and lock the ISO at 200 for "okay" photos.You can double available internal memory and double battery life by disabling bloatware on your Evolve. Go to "settings", "apps", and then "all apps". For each app, uninstall updates, uncheck notifications, then check "disable". If decide later to use an app, you can check "enable". The useless apps include: Android wallpaper, Black Hole, Bubbles, Face Unlock, Hangouts, Live Wallpapers, Movie Studio, Music Wallpaper, Phase Beam, My Metro, My T-Mobile, Swype Keyboard, Talk Back, Word Clock, Chrome Browser, Google Books, Google+ (Google Plus), Google Games, Google Magazines, Google Movies, and Picassa Uploader.These apps clog your memory and several will run even when you are sleeping to drain your battery. Remove or disable them on "Day One".Bottom Line: MetroPCS and T-Mobile have better phones if you plan to spend $100 for a phone. If you want a $19 phone, the Evolve is an acceptable choice.

I liked the phone.  While it worked.  Which wasn't for a long time.  Volume button died less than 24 hours after first use.  Somehow the phone thinks you want haptic feedback when you put on &#34;meeting (vibrate)&#34; profile.  Found no way to take this off.  It will but deactivated, but you need to put it on ring mode.  If I didn't want it during &#34;outdoors&#34;, why would I want it during a meeting?  Makes no sense.Second experiece with Alcatel Onetouch product that malfunctioned less than 24 hours after first use.
