
My only grip is window phones don't have a YouTube app. No way to download google chrome. I hate Internet Explorer. Other than those two things the phone is outstanding!

I've rated several Windows devices in the last year. It's usually always the same story, at least for Nokia devices.The hardware is excellent. Everything you read about in reviews about the build quality, the feel of the device in your hands, the weight, the battery life, performance - It's all dead to real. Absolutely fantastic quality all around.Unfortunately, I just can't get on board with Windows Phone (or any Windows really). I've used (and still use for my desktop) exclusively Windows products for the last 20 years. It's 2014 now, and Microsoft just seems to have been left in the dust by Google and Apple. All of their software seems outdated, and just lacking a plethora of features that most people take for granted by now. In the case of Windows Phone, most notably for me is a notification center and a personal assistant (Like Google Now). Those two glaring omissions from the OS make this basically unusable to me. Google Now is understandably, still relatively new - but how does the phone not have some form of notification center? Wake up Steve!Some people probably would dock stars from their rating if they didn't like the OS, but that's not what this is about. Most people know what they're getting into when choosing between Windows, Android and iOS. The device is fantastic. The OS, I can't deal.

This is my second windows phone and I really like it. This phone is fast, has great battery life, and is built really well. I would recommend this phone to anyone. The windows phone operating system is smooth and super easy to use and understand. Great phone, great operating system!

I have had this phone for a month now and I am loving every bit of it. I used an iphone for 2 years before moving to the windows phone platform when WP7 came out. I wasn't a big fan of WP7. When WP8 came out, I got the Lumia 920 and started falling in love with the WP platform. I use my phone mostly for checking work/personal emails, surfing, watching netflix. I was very skeptical about a large screen phone and used to tease my friends who had Note series. But, this phone changed my perception about large phones. I call it a phablet and not a phone.Things I love about this phone1. The 1080p resolution is awesome, very crisp and brings the live tiles to life ! The large screen lets you pin live tiles of all your loved apps and you can get updates without touching your phone.2. The camera quality is amazing. Low light pictures are superb. Along with the bunch of nokia apps (camera, panorama, creative studio etc), the casual photographer in you can easily become a pro ! I specially loved the ability to manual camera control settings.3. Battery life is out of this world. I have the entire screen full of live tiles which connects to internet 24x7, I watch videos for about 45-60 mins a day, surf, email, take calls, text occasionally. The battery goes on, without a charge, for easily 2 days.4. The phone is really fast. I compared my 920 and 1520 on the speedtest website and 1520 is about 25% more faster/efficient.5. The large screen. I can pin all my fav apps and dont have to scroll down anymore. Also watching netflix is more fun on it plus viewing your pictures.On the negative side, there is hardly anything. However, the phone is slightly difficult to operate with one hand. I have fairly large hands and I am now used to operating it with one had. I keep all my heavily used apps (like calls/text/whatsapp/skype/camera) in the middle section of the screen. This way, I dont have to reach out too far and use my thumb to access these apps. App store is getting better each passing day and I find almost every app I need. Way to to Nokia/MS

Screen is way too sensitive, scrolls register astouches, therefore apps or web pages open whenI don't want them to. It's so annoying!Other than that it is a good phone.I wish I could exchange the phone but I pastmy 14 days buyers remorse period.

I previously owned Note 2 and hated the lag and slowness of Android. The hardware of 1520 beats every other phone out there, Beautifully crafted, camera is amazing. People who don't mind big phone this is a must have. You find most of the apps. Nokia Apps are amazing.

The device is an all-around excellent piece of hardware.  It goes beyond what I would do with my old phone, yet is still comfortable being a phone.  The size is not an issue for me.  The case I have for it, let's it become a self-standing reader, a video watching device, and protects it as well.  The user experience is smooooooth.  The OS has come a long way.  App store has all the apps I need.  If you use a PC, you'll love the integration and ability to do light work on office documents.  XBOX integration is also nice.  The HD display is mesmerizing...  Oh yeah, the memory is expandable.  That's a big deal for me.  As long as I don't drop it out of a 3rd story window, it has the stones to be relevant for quite a while.

It's a great device, simple to use and easy switch from iPhone. Screen is huge, easy to read and see. Little too big for a smaller hand, some times requires two hands to operate, so for work on a go while driving use voice feature to text and email. Not many apps just yet, but has everything I used on iPhone, so not a big deal. You will look goofy if you put this tablet to your ear, it's  just that big and bulky. You will notice how fast this processor is, I do not wait for any app to open, almost instantaneous. If you like to take pictures, this thing has 20mgpixl cam, not as good as my wife's Lumia 1020, but much better then my iPhone. To have Office in your hand is a huge plus that Apple was not able to provide for me, I keep ton of files stored on my phone for easy access on a go. If you have small hands, this phone is not for you, go with a smaller screen like 1020.

I'm a former iPhone (iPhone, 3g, 4) and Android user (HTC Evo, Galaxy 3). Most recently I've used the Lumia 900, and HTC 8x. This is by far the greatest phone I've owned yet.Pros:Breathtaking displayIf you have big hands, which I do, the phone feels great and fits perfectly.Great for intense games and appsBrilliant sound and equalizers. (Coming from having an 8x which comes with Beats Audio, this phone comes with noticeably better sound, Dolby Digital, and preset equalizers to fit your personal liking.)Fast, fluid and easy to useAmazing camera and camera appGreat battery life, (over 16hrs of moderate use)Micro SD support + Xbox Music and Video Hub (Do not need my 120g Zune anymore)Windows Phone 8 is a fast and easy to use OS. The app store has all you need without a million repetitive apps. The OS just works and never stalls or freezes. I find it not too limited like the iPhone, but not as cumbersome and overwhelming as Android. If you are thinking about switching OS: All three are great and have their strengths and opportunities. I personally found WP8 to fit my lifestyle and what I need the best. I don't really see myself ever going back to iPhone or Android. This is OS is truly magnificent.ConsDefinitely get a case, they phone is big and a bit slippery on the hand.Battery takes a while to fully charger. On average a good 5-6 hrs.Keyboard seems to double input some keys when I touch them. Not sure if it'll get better with more usage, but it only happens every so often.Size might be too big for some users. Even with my smaller 8X I used two hands. One to hold the phone and one to input. So it might not be an issue of you are used to using two hands.

I have previously owned a HTC One, Samsung Galaxy S4, and a Nokia 920. This phone is by far the best of the lot.Pros:Camera quality is amazing.Screen quality is far above the competition.Hardware is a workhorse, no application I have found, including games cause any issue on this phone.Talk quality is excellent.If you use the phone for business or work, it has Office built in plus One Note. It is the best phone for work.Possible Cons:This phone is big, It isn't as bad as I thought it would be, but it is big. I can still put it in my breast pocket, which is where I usually have it. But this phone easily replaces the need for a tablet for most.

First off,  I'm not here to review the operating system.  You can look elsewhere for that.Overall,  I was presently surprised by this phone.  The 1080p screen looks great and the color reproduction is a little saturated,  which I prefer. The back housing looks good,  but is a little slippery to hold making it a little prone to being dropped.Camera: Fantastic,  the imaging software and camera itself is a perfect combination and I have yet to see a bad picture on auto function.  The led flash is really bright(which also serves as a great flashlight).  From my experience,  the colors are not too unnaturally vibrant.Battery: I figured that a 3500mah battery would be to compensate for the enormous screen,  but it turns out it goes even beyond that.  I consider myself a pretty heavy user and this battery will only be at 40% by the end of the day.  If you don't use it heavily,  you can easily get two days out of this.Hardware: Windows phone 8.1 isn't a very can intensive os so with a snapdragon 800 this runs extremely fast.  It does get a bit hot at times when playing games but it's never really been an issue.  Wife connectivity seems about average and the vibration motor is much less obnoxious than other Nokia's. The speaker is nothing special,  but does that really matter?Durability: I've dropped it face down on concrete a few times and have yet to see a scratch.  It's built tough.I'm a Windows phone fan and this is perfect for anyone looking to get a packet because of how well it runs,  and the durability of it as well as the camera.

Things I like about it:- DAT SCREEN THO! People talk and talk about how awesome it is, but you literally cannot describe it with words well enough.- Viewing angles are also unbelievable. If you turn the screen until you can barely see the glass, you can still see everything on it! It looks just like a photograph!- They clearly knew they were designing a device that is &#34;too big,&#34; and they made some compensations to help that. Buttons pop out just enough to use them and no more to keep the device sleek but fully functional. The size allows for bigger buttons, but also plenty of room between them so that you can grip the phone without hitting them.- I like the fact that they left some space to either side of the 3 bottom buttons. Perfect for holding the phone by the corner with your thumb(s) while you're reading without hitting the back or search button.- The native programs seem to have been designed with BIG in mind as well. For example, when you are in a call, all of the buttons are dropped to the bottom third of the screen so that you can reach them with your fingers.- LOVE the glance screen. I have it on all the time which is perfect for my OCD time-checking tendencies, and I haven't noticed any extra drain on the battery.- Battery life is fantastic. I've been able to get solid 2 days out of it with no problem, including a lot of txting/browsing and light gaming.- The pre-installed apps are very nice! It's nice to get a phone out of the box and it handle 75% of what I'll regularly be doing- Speakers are VERY loud and clear!! Played some punk and some techno; both came through fantastically!- On the topic of music, Mix Radio is really nice to have! I was blown away by how many selections they had for some genres.- Love the fact that I can individually access my voicemails by clicking on them instead of having to log into voicemail and wait through the digital announcer.- VERY happy to be able to access my files on this phone through a regular windows explorer window.Things that are so-so:- There seems to be a small issue w/touch sensitivity that some people are experiencing, but that may be fixable through software.- Phone calls are fine. That's about it. They are clear, but could be louder. Definitely seems to be better quality than my Titan though.Things I'm not too happy about:- Every review mentions the pointy corners; I now know why. I thought they were being nitpicky about it, but they do seem to get annoying when trying to walk around w/the device. I can definitely fit it into my pants pockets, but you have to position it a certain way while driving, else you get jabbed every time you hit the brakes.- I don't like the mini USB at the bottom, or maybe how it's cut. I realize that it's probably the best place to put it, but when I'm holding the phone, my pinky naturally lays right on the port to balance the phone, and if I'm holding the phone for any period of time, it tends to be pretty cutty/uncomfortable.

All my smartphone experience has been with iphone since 3g. So about 4+ years of just using Apple. I got tired of the small screen and Apple's reluctance to really catch up to the other phones that have begun surpassing it. I knew there would be difficulties adjusting to a new style of phone, but I loved the screen and loved the idea of a high caliber phone camera (really getting into phone photography in the last few months), so I decided to go with the Lumia 1520.The screen is big and gorgeous. I feel the size of the phone is a great fit in my hand. The battery life is AMAZING. The camera is excellent BUT there are a few things that really temper my initial elation with this phone.The number one WORST thing about the phone is the freakin' touchscreen sensitivity. Even turned down from High to Normal it's TOO sensitive. I'm sure it is just a software issue that can fix it but for now it's just about a deal breaker for me and the number 1 reason I wouldn't recommend this phone to others. Multiple, multiple times during use I will accidentally launch apps or open links that I was just trying to scroll past. Sometimes just touching the screen, even without lifting your finger or doing any gestures will cause whatever you are touching to launch. So annoying! I have to leave an open space on the live tile screen so I can flick over to the app menu without launching whatever app is there. The other thing that happens frequently when scrolling thru an article is that it will highlight a whole swath of text when you try to flick up. It's instantaneous too. Not like you're holding your finger on the text and then swiping up. Using 2 fingers spaced apart to scroll seems to reduce the number of times this happens but it certainly does not eliminate it. Again, I'm sure this is a software issue that hasn't been updated from the small screen to a larger screen so touch is getting misinterpreted, but until this is remedied, I definitely would not tell any of my friends to get this phone.The other main con to this phone, and it's not the phone's fault, is the terrible apps. I don't understand why MS isn't full on supporting the app store with fantastic apps to rival anyone else. I didn't realize how big the gap was between Apple and MS as far as quality apps go. It is vast. So many apps seem unrefined, like &#34;it's good enough&#34;. There have only been a few that look and feel extremely polished. Disappointing, to say the least.All that said, I will be keeping my phone since I do a lot of camera photography and video/web reading and the screen is better than anyone else for doing those things, with an incredible battery life. But until the touchscreen sensitivity issue is amended I do not recommend this phone to others.

I fell in love with this phone the moment I picked it up.  Still can not believe how thin it is--seems delicately thin.  But the screen will blow you a way.  Yeah, I thought the size might be too big,  well once you use it for a day, you will not want any screen that's smaller especially if you are a baby boomer like me where squinting at that small iPhone screen makes you look silly.  This is a screen that you can get some serious consumption done. Windows phone operating system is the best in the market place, modern sleek, information driven--and just down right cool!  The apps, can not think of anything I want to do where there isn't a very good app that lets me do it.  Fast-wow, is this thing fast, external storage add 64gig with an sd card, sound, loud and full. The camera--wow, nothing on the market beats it except for the lumia 1020.  Except for the herd mentality of the American market place, this phone would be on every top seller list!  Stop listening to the herd, if you want a great phone, you owe it to yourself to give this a try!

Nokia has been building great phones for an eternity and this device continues Nokia's leadership in excellent quality devices.I've had the 920 and the 925 recently, and I was expecting this phone to be at least on par with the other two but I was not expecting it to be leaps and bounds ahead. It exactly that however.Visually, the device is similar to the 920 in design. Larger, thinner, and far more powerful. For those who are appcentric, make certain that apps you use everyday are on this platform before you switch. Once you've decided that excellent telephony trumps apps, it's a no brainer.The 1520 brings top of the line specs to the table whether you're looking for resolution, screen size, expandability, performance, or longevity. It's all here. My average battery life is 32 hours.the downside is the dialer, it's massive and often requires two hands to dial. The work around is to use live tiles, or to use bluetooth or voice control dialing which is superb.

The phone is high quality with great sound and a brilliant screen. I debated which phone to get, however since I used my od smartphone as a portable computer far more often than I used it to make calls, I decided to go with the 6" screen. People warned me that it was too big to use for calls, but that hasn't been the case for me. AT&T; 4G LTE service appears to be ubiquitous where I live, so I've only experienced LTE speeds, which are amazing compared to the 3G phones I updated from. So far I couldn't be happier.The only downside is both Nokia and AT&T; pre-load a lot of apps on this phone, so I spent nearly as much time removing unwanted apps as I did downloading favorites.

So far I am extremely happy with the phone. Now that I have a windows tablet and phone there is no way I would go back to any other operating system.Great screen, phone is fast, amazing camera and incredible battery live. If you are looking for a big screen this is the best option in the market.

Lumia 1520 is one of the best phones I have ever used. Following are the few things I believe are the best in this phone compared to other phones ( I have some links towards the end to back my review )* This phone has one of the best battery life, it has a huge 3400 mAh battery, and i generally have 50-60% left at the end of day (1)* This phone has one of the best screens. Full HD 1080p and the best outdoor visibility (2)* The second best camera in any phone right now, best being lumia 1020. 20MP camera which takes great photos in low light and OIS makes photos/videos crisp. OIS (optical Image stabilization) means the lens uses mechanical ball bearing and magnetically powered motors for stabilization during photo as well as video. Or put more simply the lens moves in the opposite direction to compensate for any small hand movements/vibrations to make the photo/video more stable.* To my knowledge, only two smartphones right now can shoot photos in RAW/DNG ( Lumia 1020 and Lumia 1520 ) (3)* One of the loudest and best speakers on any phone. No need to buy the small $100 portable bluetooth speakers, because the speakers on this phone are loud enough.* The best innovation in this phone is audio recording. Phone has 4 HAAC microphones, and allows directional audio capture for the best noise free recordings of events (4)* Nokia owns the Here Maps(Navteq) so you can download offline maps for anywhere in the world for free. Thats right, you have a worldwide GPS with the up-to-date maps. No need to use crazy amount of cellular data while using google maps or worrying about losing navigation when there is no data connection far from cities* I use my smartphone to check time, but hate clicking the power button every time. Lumia 1520 comes with Glance screen which is always on, shows time and notifications without touching the device. Uses only 4-5% extra battery a day.* Another Lumia exclusive feature is double tap to wake, comes in very handy while phone is sitting on your desk.* In cold weather ability to use your phone with any gloves, also comes in very handy versus buying special gloves for most other phones.This is a large phone, so be mindful of the size before u order. It fits comfortably in my pocket(even jeans), and my hand ( I dont have giant hands). I picked my wife's iphone 4 recently and it felt like a flip phone. Its amazing how quickly we adapt, whats normal to us changes quick. I am of the opinion a large display phone (phtablet) is better than owning two separate devices (phone and tablet).Almost everyone who sees my phone makes a comment, but i have noticed that only iphone users are generally almost hostile about the size of Lumia 1520. iphone users think owning an iphone is cool, but in reality something that 50% of the population owns cannot be cool by definition. I am not saying owning a Nokia makes you cool automatically but an iphone is def not cool anymore. Also, many of these iphone users might run to buy a bigger phone when apple makes one (5)Android is a great option too but I wouldn't buy an android phone because of the malware issue (6) and in general of google poilcies, in Eric Schmidt's own words (7)So to wrap up i think this is one of the best smartphones hardware wise and Windows Phone is a great OS, so if you are in the market for a new phone give this a try, go to your local At&T; store play with it and more competition means us the consumer wins.Links from above:(1) blog.gsmarena.com/nokia-lumia-1520-battery-life-test/(2) conversations.nokia.com/2013/10/28/lumia-1520-big-screen-clever-technology/(3) conversations.nokia.com/2013/10/29/another-nokia-first-digital-negatives-raw-dng-lumia/(4) mynokiablog.com/2013/11/12/the-concept-of-nokias-directional-recording-explained-lumia-1520-and-quad-microphones/(5) youtube.com/watch?v=oprUI6nupfc(6) news.yahoo.com/99-mobile-malware-targeted-android-devices-last-164439954.html(7) youtube.com/watch?v=o-rvER6YTss

The voice navigation of the &#34;Nokia Drive+&#34; was perfectly working through Bluetooth when the OS was still Windows Phone 8.0 but after the update Windows Phone 8.1, the voice navigation through bluetooth disappeared. The music & video audio through bluetooth is fine, what I need is the Voice Audio that is working with &#34;Nokia Drive+&#34;  navigation app that is when connected through bluetooth on my car radio disappeared after applying the Windows Phone 8.1 update. Its working fine using the audio jack on the phone but it beats the purpose of having a bluetooth radio and cellphone. I hate this 8.1 update, everything was working fine on 8.0, I wish i did NOT update this once a beautiful phone. Microsoft you ruined everything once more! THANKS FOR NOTHING!

I used to own a Galaxy Note I since its release, was happy with its size and the abundant apps but for the past 6 month I started to feel the pain for Android's lousy and slow software. The LTE can also suck all the power from a fresh charge in 6~8 hours, so I had to turn off ATT data network anywhere I can use WIFI. Last Friday I finally jumped to Lumia 1520. Now it has been 3 days and I can't express how happy I am!Here are few things I feel great about this phone:1. The system is fast and smooth - hardly feel delay when switch apps.2. Integration with Office makes open email attachment so convenient and productive3. Photos took by the camera are crispy clear and I have not tried to adjust the settings yet.4. Live tile, man, I love live tile. With a 6 inch screen and adjustable tile size, all my calendar appointments, the weather, the battery usage, the news app I installed, all dynamically displays like music. A quick glance and I know what is going on and what I will up to, no app launch is needed!5. The voice enabled Nokia GPS drive is accurate, clear and LOUD, it will retire all your GPS device forever.6. If you use Skydrive, the integration with Skydrive is really smooth and seamless.7. Battery performance is exceeding my expectation. With LTE or WIFI (I even don't know which I am using now), after a relatively heavy 2~3 hour web usage and a full day random use, I can still have 50% power left by the end of the day.Now are few things I don't feel great about:1. I really want to have the App/function to automatically mute my phone in working/sleeping hours but seems it is not supported on Windows phone2. The phone is big as we know, so one hand dial is virtually impossible. If you are driving, even pick up the call will be a problem with one hand(I know, I know, don't drive and .....)3. I still wish I can have those missed Apps I had on Android, comparing those app I installed on Galaxy Note (about 20 of them), I found all my apps in Windows Phone App store except 3 are not available.btw, anyone want to jump to windows phone, you can check here for available windows phone apps: [...] then you can decide if some critical Apps are missing when you switch the ship.

I am must say I  didn't buy this phone from Amazon. I bought this phone from Microsoft online store. I had it for a day before I returned it. this was my worse buying experience from any where.I was sprint customer for long time. I decided to move to AT&T; because of this phone. Microsoft sold me this phone for $200 with 450 minutes for $39.98 and 3GB  of data for $20..I receive phone activation email  with contact number. when I called the number they told me they can not help me and I have to call Microsoft number so I called them  and they told me they cannot activate the phone and I should call AT&T.; I called AT&T; they moved  my number. I asked what kind of plan I got the rep told me 450 minutes and 3Gb of data.  I tried to use my data after I left home but it didn't work. I called AT&T; and they told me there is no data plan on my account. if I want 3GB I have to pay $30 they don't care what Microsoft sold me because  only AT&T; can say how much it cost. I had to cancel my service and return the phone. I don't have a cell phone service for 3 days now.

I am a huge apple fan, I have had every iPhone up until the iphone4 and was in the market for an upgradeA few reasons i picked this over latest iPhone1) the iPhone is too darn small, sorry it's really a good thing to carry but when you use it for web browsing and lots of email it gets hard to read as i get older2) the iPhone is more money3) i'm bored with IOS, i get that if it isn't broke don't fix it but cmon apple !! and when are you gonna have unified ui across all platformsOk, so now about this phone, it's HUGE !!! don't complain about it folks the measurements are in product descriptionThe build quality is very nice , screen is high enough resolution for pictures and videos to look nice and glare isn't too badI like having removable storage (microsd) and standard microusb plugs for chargingThe button layout is a bit of an issue, you have to watch where you grab the phone or else you adjust power/volume , etcThe camera is where this phone shines, the pictures are beautiful , I am very pleased with itI haven't  installed many apps yet, heck office works natively and i like being able to customize all the tiles where I want themBottom line is it's worth $100 all day long and I'm glad to upgrade

This is a big phone and will certainly not be for everyone. After watching some reviews online I still did not get the true size until I held it the first time.That said, it is a pretty awesome device.* The screen is truly amazing. It is clear, crisp and responsive and an absolute joy to work on. But at full brightness, it does suck the battery pretty fast.* The Windows Phone 8 OS is coming along nicely and although you will miss some apps (waiting impatiently for FlipBoard) I have found that it addresses all my day to day needs. (see notes below)* Speed is awesome and games like Asphalt 8 runs brilliantly.* The ATT version only has 16GB of Memory for Apps and no wireless charger. (Thanks for that). But not the phones fault.* I added a 32GB micro SD Card for extra media.* The camera is awesome. 20MP is more than enough for most users.* Browsing the web on this device is pretty good. The big screen helpsSo, Windows Phone 8. The OS got a bad wrap and although there are still some major issues / missing features it is definitely getting better. The user experience is great and fresh when compared to iOS that despite it's makeover, is pretty stale. Things that I miss are:* VPN support (coming)* Notification center (coming).... not much elseThe app gap is closing fast and if Microsoft does go in the direction that some media outlets are reporting (dropping royalty fees for Windows Phone [unconfirmed]) we should hopefully see an explosion of devices to challenge android.Since the OS will only get better, I'm happy with my purchase.

I was a little skeptical about the size, however after owning this for about a month, I wouldn't go any smaller. Here's what I do to make it work. My frequently used icons/tiles are on the third column on the right. (Phone, messages, email etc.) Other tiles, I have on the left. This allows for any easy reach with my right thumb. It is difficult to reach the middle/top left tiles with one hand. I have placed tiles that typically require two handed use there. Battery life is unbelievable. I can go almost a day and a half with moderate-heavy usage.I have installed the 8.1 preview and although there may be a few bugs, this phone is rock solid smooth and fast. The display is awesome!! Cortana, although in beta has been very good. The voice recognition is fantastic!! The camera takes some incredible photos. I was a little skeptical about getting 16gb only. Knowing the device had a micro SD slot, and the software upgrade would support  a memory card for app installation, I decided to go with it. I added a transcend 64gb SDXC Card type 10 and it works great. 80gb total!!OneDrive, Office, Nokia Drive - built in navigation with downloadable maps make this a complete package. Nokia Beamer is pretty cool too. The only thing I miss is the wireless built in charging (QI).

Very Quick delivery! The Phone was on my front porch 22 hours after I completed the order! I love the camera on this cell phone it is much better than my iPhone 4s or my Samsung Galaxy 4 active.

I can say honestly, this is the best phone I have ever owned by a wide margin.  I now cannot imagine going &#34;back&#34; to anything different.  I have a desk at home in my bedroom that holds some of my &#34;outdated&#34; backup phones.  This currently includes a Nexus 4 and a Lumia 620.Every time I go to bed now, I look at my current phone, glance at my two &#34;old&#34; phones, and think to myself, &#34;how did I ever use those things??&#34;  The Lumia 1520 really is that good.Now let me be clear, it is still a phone.  It's not a life-changing event, it won't make you infinitely happy, but what it will do is just be one of the best companion devices you will ever own.The camera is phenomenal.  The speed is just amazing.  The Bing suite of apps and live tiles are just marvelous.  The screen is gorgeous.As a user, I have no complaints.However, let me highlight a few complaints that others might have.  They are valid, and if you fit into this category, the phone may not be the right one for you.  I am merely saying that they don't bother me, not that they aren't valid complaints.1) The Windows App Store selection is still limited.2) The screen is large.3) The camera is slightly slower to launch than the iPhone's.That's it.  Really.I am not a fanboy per se, I've used all &#34;3&#34; of the big phones (Android, iPhone, Windows Phone) and sincerely think they are all awesome.  However, for me, this device itself is what set it apart.  I looked at the Note, I looked at the iPhone 5s, but I just could not stop playing with the 1520.That's my experience, and you might have a similar one.

My 5s was smashed to oblivious (in a liferpoof case too.. weird?). So I figured it was time for something new. I was very hesitant, nervous, and first question I asked ATT was (when can I return it?). It was huge, bold, loud, and shiny, and seemed cool on the surface. I went over my head, being a cloud advocate, everything I would have to do (contacts.. iCloud calendars, pictures, tasks, email accounts..) Before this, it was seamless, get a new iPhone, plug in my icloud account, and boom... done.. But sometimes seamless is boring..Here's the things for you iPhone advocates you will have to do without.. lets get that out there now.(I have a iMac, MacBook, two ipads, wife has iPhone, AppleTV etc... all connected under one account)- iCalendar is gone on this phone. You can access a very mundane version of it through the phones IE browser, but it's impossible to read, zoom out, navigate, or add / edit events- iCloud storage is gone. There is no storage access with Apple's iCloud, completely different system- The beloved iMessage is gone. If you have friends on the iMessage system, they better get used to the old &#34;green&#34; text and using cellular to get in contact with you. No way around that unless you use apps like facebook, whatsapp etc...- Photostream is gone- And a bunch of obvious things because it's Windows, not AppleNow here is why I LIKE this phone- The screen is gorgeous. Hands down, best screen on the market, 6&#34; full 1080p deliciousness- 20MP Cam with 1080p. The picture quality is ridiculous. And paired with the Nokia Creative app, you can bust out some almost pro-like DSLR type photos with high quality video- The phone itself. For being such a monstrosity of a phone, it feels great to hold. Landscape view is awesome, and it actually fits my pocket just fine (I'm a dude who wears pants, no murse)- The live-tiles, OS, and navigation is top-bar quality. The phone is just fun to navigate through, and with high quality apps. (Weave, MixMusic, News etc...) The ability to rearrange to your liking from size, colors, live tyles, backgrounds etc is awesome. The updates on the tiles are a plus, one thing you don't have with iPhone (widgets for Android comes to mind). Easily spot weather updates, any news.. updates to facebook etc..- CPU. This thing is fast.. opening apps, switching between apps, it just so responsive and barely has a hiccup- Games / Video etc... Gaming is great on this thing. If you're an XBOX ONE user, using this as a second screen is pretty sweet. The games for the phone itself are pretty quality, look great, and the extra space with the screen size is a plus. Watching videos on this thing is on par with your quality tablets out thereIn conclusion.... Though this is a step away from what I'm used to with Apple, it's been a welcome change. I've tried Android and could not get into, and did not like it all. This however, being windows based, has been pretty awesome. And so far I'm satisfied. If you are a iPhone user, I don't think the transition will be bad unless you were a heavy cloud user, you'll have to switch from everything Apple based, to Windows cloud based (onedrive, sky drive.. etc...). All in all superb phone, definitely will hang onto this one for a year, until the next thing lol..

I wanted the latest an greatest Windows Phone device and at the time I purchased this, this was it.  Now the darling Windows Phone is the Lumia Icon on Verizon.  Hopefully the international version of the Lumia Icon gets release soon.  It is the Nokia 930.  I will then be able to put that on my AT&T; line of service.In the meantime, this is the top of the line Lumia on AT&T.;  It has better specs than the Lumia 1020 except for the Camera.  The 1020 has the awesome 41 megapixel camera, whereas this phone has a still-awesome, 20 megapixel camera.This phone is fast, but not noticeably faster than other Windows Phones.  This even includes my AT&T; Windows Phone Nokia 520.The only, and I really mean only, issue I have with this phone is its massive 6 inch screen.  It still fits in my work pants (khakis in an IT office). The phone is wider and taller than everything else.  It is a mini-tablet in every respect.  That is not to say that this screen is bad.  It is a beautiful screen, perfect for watching movies.  The Clear Black technology is great and is easy to read outdoors.I recently upgraded to Windows Phone 8.1 Developer Preview without a hitch.  This update makes Windows Phone even better than it already was.This a great phone, id you have big hands, are over 6 feet tall, and/or are looking for a Windows Phone &#34;phablet&#34;.PS: I am primarily and Android user, who used to be primarily an iOS user.  I have multiple phone lines, which include an iPhone, a HTC One, and this Nokia.  I occasionally buy phones such off contract, such as my Nexus 5 and the Nokia 520.

We have iphones and android (samsung) cells for the family. This was the first Windows Phone in the house. I was extremely impressed with Nokia, and even more with Windows Phone. The OS is solid, no crashes ( android was always buggy, needed tweaking regularly), almost all apps needed were available, but not all. Nokia of course makes solid hardware, fast processor plenty of storage (plus card if need more!). I don't know why Microsoft/Nokia aren't promoting the phone and OS more. It is a viable option, it could replace blackberry in the business space. It's not for everybody, but my wife uses the 1520 for work. Her Samsung could never reliably connect to the corporate email and vpn, no matter how much IT tried. Bought apps, still buggy. She travels worldwide and needed it to work, it didn't. With the Nokia she has had no problems at all. Some people just want to use the phone to actually get business done, not play games. Windows Phone and Nokia has been a very smooth transition, with no headaches and having to find some abstract setting to configure something that should work!!!

I decided to try out this Nokia with Win8 after owning an Android for the past 1.5 years (Galaxy 2 skyrocket - got it before the S3 came out).  I also have an iphone 5 from my employer (replaced my old Blackberry).  So one could say that I have experienced all 4 smart phone ecosystems.  Before my Galaxy I owned the iPhone 3, 3GS and 4.Pros:  Gorgeous screen - at 6 inches everything comes to life, and I can read the bloody thing.  No longer do I have that claustrophobic feeling that I got from my other phone.  The live tile metaphor on Win8 mobile works great - the tiles update so all you have to do is look at the screen.  Great customization.  Wonderful camera.  Good battery life.Oh, and the interface is simple, does what you want without that 3rd party funkiness on Android.  I actually enjoy using the apps to get the information I need.  Syncing up to my PC is painless and fast, and transferring my itunes music and videos was ridiculously easy - versus the funkiness and slowness of the the Samsung Kies app on Android.App selection is decent - can't find WSJ online mobile, but at 6inches I can cruise the website!  Other apps that I need are there including etrade mobile.Other thoughts on my other phones:Apple: Great OS, but you are locked into one way of doing things.  And the bloody screen is small.  Tim Cook needs to get a frackin' clue - I'm not 25 anymore, and I am tired of using my reading glasses to use the phone.  And for the past two years I keep on hearing rumors that Apple is going to build a bigger phone, but they never do - I am tired of waiting.  This is the biggest bust with the iPhone, and for me it is a serious one.  I am not alone on this one, a couple of months back CNET blasted Apple on their screen size.Android:  Cheap and ubiquitous.  Samsung and Google are about to conquer the world with their duopoly, and that is not necessarily a good thing (privacy anyone?).  At first glance the interface looks great, but has an inconsistency that is frustrating, especially between apps.  If you like playing with the phone settings all the time versus using the phone for information and work, Android is the way to go.  Syncing to the PC is a pain, and the transfer process is anything but straightforward.  Android is the way to go if you want a cheap phone and you don't care about media.Disclaimer - I am not a paid reviewer.

I like it. It is big but I work outside and don't carry a phone while working so its great in the truck when I have down time. There's a couple pipe fitting apps I couldn't get on it that are available only througha apple. Its fast and the camera is awesome as is the screen. Switching from iPhone was easier than I expected. I'm no tech wizard be any means but I was able to handle the task in a few hrs. Good overal experience  and the only reason for 4 stars was due to lack of apps and there's a few annoying  update pop upsUpdate. You will not be able to access drop screen menus, very annoying. Ie. When you hover the cursor over an option and a screen comes down with other options, this does not work in wp8. I tried everything to contact a human about this issue with no luck. Tried to contact someone on line, no luck. So customer support is the exact opposite of apple where you can talk to an American in country about issues and get some sort of resolve.There is no forward button.You will not be able to use google chrome. You can set your browser to google but your internet shortcut button is defaulted to Bing rendering that button useless unless you like Bing. I do not.I cannot access my podcast that I listen to on my daily commute through network alone. Says I need wi-fi. Never had this issue with iPhone. I am keeping my iPhone to use as iPod so I can overcome this problem and still have my pipe fitting apps.I am keeping my 1520 because of the awesome screen and all and all i do like it slightly better than iPhone for my use as a tablet. Hulu is great and the streaming has been flawless with 1-2 bar 4g service. I just hope they get some updates to fix these simple issues that apple and Android have overcome years ago.My wife is not so happy with the 1020 for the reasons mentioned above. She could be going back to apple but she likes the 41mp camera over the 8mp camera on the iPhone 5.Update, if you had an iPhone the iPhone will steal all your text messages from people with iphones and you will not get them unless you sign out of apple and turn your imessage off on your old phone. I did this and it worked fine, my wife has been on the phone for two days (6hrs) and she still cannot receive messages from anyone with an iPhone. She is less than happy.YouTube is not very easy to use either, it makes you watch full length ads and you can't get to the content. Basically rendering YouTube useless for videos over a minute long.UpdateAT&T; is an awful company to do business with. Go with Verizon and maybe have a little better luck. I'm keeping my phone because were stuck with att for two more years. We will be switching after that. You will not be able to receive iPhone text. Apple blames it on att, att blames it on apple. I got my phone on line just before they changed ios7 my wife got on a week later after changes were made and she's not able to receive iPhone text.They told her to contact all her iPhone contacts and tell them to delete then add her as a contact again, not something you want to do with your business contacts. I know hers is a 1020 but the OS is the same. Its a windowsphone vs iPhone thing and we are the ones that pay.The 1520 is a good phone but obviously there's some serious issues.

Because of the curved screen getting a screen protector that covers the whole screen will be difficult.So far the one that I have bought  ( iCarez Nokia Lumia 1520 [Curved+ series])  leaves too much uncovered screen so that the first time I put it in my pocket the screen protector peeled right off.A case will make some difference if it's high enough over the phone OR get a case with a flap and it wont be a problem at all.

It is big and very crystal clear on the graphics.  Windows apps are lacking.  I seem to have problems trying to get things working because no one is familiar with the phone or system yet.  However, I do like it and plan on whittling away at the problems.

Its been a week since I have had it. Before this I had Galaxy Note II and this Nokia 1520 feels great. It's amazingly fast. The most valuable thing I found in this phone is the Camera. The camera has all the DSLR functions and it is 20 mp. The 1080p display with bright and brilliant picture is perfect to watch movies and videos.I wear jeans all the time and it fits fine in my front pockets.

[...]The Nokia Lumia 1520 AWESOME!Full disclosure: I have been using Windows based smartphones since 2006. I started with the Cingular 2125 (Windows Mobile 5.0), then the ATT Tilt(8525)(Windows Mobile 6.0), then ATT Tilt 2(8925)(Windows Mobile 6.5), then HTC Titan(Windows PHONE 7.5), then Lumia 1020(Windows Phone 8) and now Lumia 1520 ( Windows Phone 8).I&iexcl;m an enthusiast! So the Titan was my first Windows PHONE device since Microsoft changed the OS. I skipped the first generation Windows Phones. Honestly the live tiles didn&iexcl;t appeal to me (at first, my how things changed). I was accustomed to hacking, loading, changing (abusing :-)) my previous phones with the Windows Mobile OS since it was open, and the look and file management of a PC-like interface really appealed to me then.In 2011 I started looking for a new phone. My contract was ended, ATT was courting me with deals to renew my contract. But I needed to do my research. A smartphone is a 2 year investment. You have to like what you get. So there were some hot devices in the market and (coming to market) as I discovered through my research. Forgive me for what I&iexcl;m about to say but, the Samsung&iexcl;s Galaxy S2 with its bright colors, and big clear display, caught my eye. Remember I was RESEARCHING and currently using the 3.5&iexcl; screen, slide-out keyboard equipped Tilt 2. (Note I had previously subscribed to the desire to ALWAYS have a phone with a keyboard since I used it to write.) Anyway a couple of other phones came into view, the massive 4.7&iexcl; HTC Titan was one. Now remember, phones had not yet gone huge. So this baby was big. Go ahead. Search the web for some of the old reviews and ads. You&iexcl;ll see. But wait a minute. Though the S2 had drifted from view, Samsung wouldn&iexcl;t leave me alone. They went and one-upped HTC and started tempting me with the 5.3&iexcl; Galaxy Note. 5.3 INCHES. FIVE-POINT-THREE INCHES! That was HUGE. And it had a pen, and could do all this cutting and pasting and drawing stuff with that pen. Dilemma, Dilemma, Dilemma.I thought about it.Two big phones. The note was launching in the US little later. Reviewers weren&iexcl;t sure who the target was. It was thought by at least one I read that it was targeted for women due to its size. Maybe it would be safely tucked into a purse when not in use. I&iexcl;m not a woman. But the large screen had its appeal.But I also started reading about Windows Phone and what Microsoft was doing with the OS, the deep social network integration. Live Tiles that deliver live updates. Microsoft Office integration. Xbox Games integration. The whole glance an go philosophy. And the Me tile.(Really cool, its like a command center for your phone.) Pre -Siri Voice interaction. The Hubs. PEOPLE HUB-Contacts on steroids-nicely connected and integrated with social networks. MESSAGING HUB-One place with seamless communication via text, Messager and Facebook Chat. THE PICTURES HUB-All my photos that I&iexcl;ve taken nicely arranged on my device AND all my Photos seamlessly integrated from Facebook and Skydrive AND my Social Network friends photos integrated as well AND a LIVE FEED of photos from social networks like Facebook and Twitter. Awesome. The Windows Phone OS created a seamless portal to the web. Though some data was online, you could view and interact with it as if it was on the device. Awesome. GAME HUB- Xbox gaming integration, achievements, Xbox Avatar. Nuff&iexcl; said. MUSIC and VIDEO Hub- All my music that I load. Plus with the Music Pass I could listen to as much streaming music as I want. Watch and listen to Podcasts, etc.OFFICE HUB-Word, Excel, PowerPoint (One Note then) all in one place. Create documents and save to the device or seamlessly to Skydrive to access from anywhere, from any device later. BING- And that awesome Bing button that gives you quick built in options for doing Shazaam Style music identification, various forms of optical scanning(barcode, book cover, language translation, etc). LOCAL SCOUT- Suggestions based upon my location for places to eat and things to do.(Note some of the finer points I discovered in use though most of this I discovered via research).So after all this I set my eyes on the HTC Titan, with its 4.7&iexcl; display 8 megapixel csmera and shipping with Windows Phone 7.5(Mango) and its 500 modifications to the Windows Phone OS. I got it. It was BIG. I was happy.Maybe a couple of months later the Titan 2 came out with a 16 megapixel camera. Really HTC?We won&iexcl;t go there. But we will go here. Windows Phone 8 was announced. &iexcl;Hope I can upgrade, hope I can upgrade, hope I can upgrade.&iexcl;Microsoft: Windows Phone 7.5 devices won&iexcl;t be able to upgrade to Windows Phone 8.&iexcl;Bummer.&iexcl;Microsoft: But you can get Windows Phone 7.8 with the new Start Screen.&iexcl;I love the Start Screen with the resizable tiles. COOL!&iexcl;Months pass. More months pass. Turns out HTC passed on providing the 7.8 upgrade. &iexcl;Bummer.&iexcl;Nokia. They were doing great things. Getting great exclusive apps to the platform. Building awesome phones. Camera technology was, (excuse my slang), off the hook. I bought my wife the 920 for Christmas 2012. I wanted one. I was still in contract with my Titan. (Which I still liked by the way).Started hearing some rumors(I&iexcl;m a tech head, I follow tech news). I liked my big screen and hoped Nokia would make a big screen device. Heard and read some rumors of that possibly happening. But something else happened first. They went big another way. 41 megapixels big.Early August 2013 so did I. I got the Nokia Lumia 1020. I LOVE THIS PHONE(Hold on I haven&iexcl;t forgotten this is a 1520 review). Awesome photos, great Amoled clear black display. Did I mention AWESOME PHOTOS? Oh yeah, I did.Anyway I bought this device after yearning for Windows Phone 8, and liking what the reviews were showing about the camera. I fancy myself an amateur, amateur mobile photographer. The 1020 is a great tool.All that said. It had not satiated my desire for a large screen device. The 1020 at 4.5&iexcl; was .2&iexcl; smaller than my Titan. There were rumors if a 6&iexcl; Lumia. I saw pictures of part of it via the rumor mill on the web. It was HUGE. I wanted it.I read about it. Followed its development. Noted its entry in the market. And then I SAW IT. I was in an ATT store. It wasn&iexcl;t supposed to be available for a week or so. So when I looked over to the Windows Phone section and saw this BIG SCREEN device that towered over all of the other devices on the display I was drawn in. It was &iexcl;it&iexcl;. The Nokia Lumia 1520 in black. I picked it up. &iexcl;HOLY COW&iexcl; this thing was light. And THIN! The matte finish was smoothe, the edges were tapered. This smoothe black slate, was SURPRISINGLY sleek. Svelte. I turned it on. The 1080p HD screen was absolutely beautiful. The additional rolls of tiles on the large display did more for the home screen than I thought it could do. Its hard to put into words. But it seems to optimize the Windows Phone experience and OS. It looks like that&iexcl;s the arrangement WP was meant for. You have to see it.Then I opened Word. I Write. Word on the large display and the large keys was, beautiful. If I wasn&iexcl;t sold before I was sold now. I needed(well actually I need food, clothes and shelter. And air. I need air). I wanted this phone.Microsoft&iexcl;s 12 days of deals before Christmas 2013. The first 20 customers at the Microsoft store get the 1520 free on contract. I follow the tech rumor mill, I saw the leak. I had a heads up about a week or so ahead. But how did it work? Did I have to camp out? Drive all the way there then find that the first 20 in line got the deal? I wasn&iexcl;t camping out. I didn&iexcl;t want it THAT bad.So the day of the deal, I called the store, (paraphrased) &iexcl;Hi do you have any more 1520&iexcl;&auml;s available under the free on contract deal.&iexcl;&iexcl;No&iexcl;&iexcl;Bummer&iexcl;Guess I wasn&iexcl;t getting the 1520.Then I remembered. There&iexcl;s another Microsoft store in my area. I called them.(paraprased)&iexcl;Hi do you have any more 1520&iexcl;&auml;s available under the free on contract deal?&iexcl;&iexcl;Yes&iexcl;&iexcl;My name is&iexcl;..I&iexcl;ll be right there.&iexcl;I own the 16 gig version with expandable micro SD up to 64 GB and as I described above the build and display are awesome. Videos are beautiful. The photos I take with the 1020 and transfer to the 1520 look incredible on the 1520 HD display. The 1520&iexcl;&auml;s camera is great in it&iexcl;s own right,and if I owned exclusively the 1520, I would likely be more or less satisfied with the camera. But the 1020 takes the cake with photography and I use both devices as tools.The 1520 is also great for surfing the web due to the large and beautiful display.The Home Screens setup which allows for more Tiles- AWESOME. I think Microsoft with the Live Tiles is ahead of its time. The live data dynamically updating on, flipping, colorful, customizable, live tiles, observable at a glance on a 6 inch &iexcl;portable computer&iexcl; that I can stick in my pocket giving me weather, email, social network updates, messages, pictures etc. is like something out of sci-fiction. IOS and Android(even with widgets) seem dull in comparison. -You really have to see it. Play around with it in the store, arrange the tile as you would like to see them if it was your device to get a feel. Yes I think Microsoft is ahead of the time with Windows Phones 8 live tiles. And on this device they really shine. If you&iexcl;ve never tried it, its different than iOS and Android but when you learn the OS, which is a cinch, WOW, its AWESOME! Also you often hear Window Phone doesn&iexcl;t have a notification center like iOS and Android , and though there is no comprehensive centralized notification center as found on Android and iOS, as I mentioned Live Tiles provide updated info and notifications, but also the &iexcl;Me&iexcl; Tile which is like your command center on Windows Phone and displays your image it also brings notifications to the surface by providing alerts/notifications from the OS level integrated Social networks of Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn by displaying notifications on the live &iexcl;Me&iexcl; tile itself allowing you to see those at a glance. But the &iexcl;Me&iexcl; tile takes things further allowing you to see your (Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn) notifications by clicking the &iexcl;Me&iexcl; tile, and swiping left you reach the NOTIFICATIONS page and can view all of your Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn notifications(mentions, likes, comments, retweets, LinkedIn requests, etc.) located in that one centralized location/center. So Windows Phone DOES have a notification center just not as comprehensive as the one coming in the Windows Phone 8.1 update this Spring or that found on the two leading platforms. But to fail to communicate that there is a degree of centralized notification accessible on WP and leave an impression that such functionality is completely absent from the platform would not fairly communicate the scope of what one DOES get with the 1520 or any Windows Phone 8 device.CIt probably doesn&iexcl;t need to be mentioned that gaming on such a great screen is simply awesome. But I&iexcl;ll say it. It&iexcl;s simply awesome.Now the Windows Phone OS has never needed bleeding edge specs because the OS is optimized for running on low spec hardware. Windows Phone even on low end devices is smooth, fast and zippy. So adding a quad core chip with 2 gigs of RAM adds a tad more zip,and enables the device to handle more intensive programs like graphics intensive games. Mostly because the OS didn&iexcl;t really NEED high specs(though again there are some noticeable improvement) it future proofs the device for requirements that may be dictated by later upgrades to the OS and it puts it on par spec for spec with many Android devices on the market (which DO need high specs to run as smooth as WP). Bragging rights.So, yeah and this thing is FAST. It has the latest cutting edge hardware. And if you didnt know Windows Phone is a &iexcl;light&iexcl; OS and is designed to run buttery smooth on low and midrange hardware -which it does! Unlike Android, which (until Kit Kat which is on less than 5% Android devices) requires high end specs to run smoothly and still stutters and hangs, Windows Phone is swift and smooth and on the 1520 with its quad-core innards and 2gigs of RAM, an OS which ran great on less, is like a race car with nitro on the 1520.The other functions like &iexcl;ROOMs&iexcl; which allow you to have a private chat room experience with other WP8 users, which I use with my family and wife is AWESOME. The &iexcl;SHARED NOTE&iexcl; aspect is VERY useful when grocery shopping with my wife, we split up and using a shared shopping list which we can update and sync as we get or add items is super handy and efficient. It cuts grocery shopping time down DRAMATICALLY! The &iexcl;SHARED CALENDAR&iexcl; helps to keep the family on top of events. I have to say this ROOM functionality, using CHAT and the SHARED NOTE and CALENDAR was an AWESOME tool for my family and I as we planned my mother in laws surprise 60th birthday party!Now I don&iexcl;t have kids yet, but sis-in-laws do. Kid Zone is an understated little miracle on WP. It allows you to create a separate profile for your little one to play around with only games and apps YOU specify. Yep, all of your stuff and settings are locked away safely behind your profile.The only cons I have is that as a phablet(I don&iexcl;t like this word) the OS should have a couple of tweaks to utilize the extra screen real estate. Multiple apps simultaneously on screen. It is a &iexcl;Windows&iexcl; Phone. A pen would be cool too. Even my Windows Mobile devices of old had handwriting recognition. Some modernizing of that application(digitizer) would be nice. Come on don&iexcl;t get mad, everything can get better. :-)The phone is a delight. Its fun. Its useful. Its Awesome. All said I love the 1520 and I highly recommend it. Go get one now

Simply put, the lumia 1520 looks and performs amazingly. The phone is super fast. You can have 5 different apps open and all of them will load very quickly with almost no lag in performance. I assume this is the quad core snapdragon processor in action. The camera is pretty advanced, with many configurable settings which I don't even begin to understand, but it takes great pictures on the default setting, and being able to view and edit them on the full HD 6" screen is a pleasure. The live tiles make a lot more sense with all the available screen real estate on this phone. I have about 30 tiles on the main page which I scroll through to get quick updates from every app. The best part about this phone is the battery. I used this phone all night, went to sleep without plugging it in, and when I woke up in the morning, it still had 50% charge left!  Since the phone is microsoft, integration with Office and Xbox live is seamless. Setting up your outlook email will be a snap. Gone are the old days of no having any support from the major apps. The new windows phone has instagram, vine, waze, snapchat, google maps and most of the other secondary apps people love. You still may miss out on random third party apps and games, but you won't miss those much given all the apps available and how great they run. You can stream movies and videos in full HD anywhere you go with this phone. Unlike most phones, you can also insert a micro-sd card for additional storage.Cons: You will definitely get the stares and jeers from friends making the exact same joke "HOW BIG IS THAT THING?" but with the huge screen and amazing performance, you will care less. The phone fits fine in my jeans or pants pockets, although women or skinny-jean wearers probably won't agree. It takes forever to charge this thing, but the battery lasts so long that this isn't an issue. Making phone calls while holding this thing up to your ear is a little awkward, but I don't make too many phone calls and I use bluetooth in my car and office anyway.I've only had the phone for 3 days so I haven't discovered all of its features and pitfalls yet, but it's off to a superb start!

I've been using iPhone for several years and have been thinking to try something new and looking for alternatives. When I saw this phone on sale, I bought it and also ordered a "3 Packs EnGive Nokia Lumia 1520 High Definition(HD) Screen Protector Flim Ultra Clear with Cleaning Cloth"B00GBTNUKQPros:1. One of the top hardware spec in the market , 6 inch FHD screen, powerful 4-core chips. This phone is much more powerful than nearly all other smartphones in the market, iphone 5s, Nexus 5, S4, etc.2. Second the best smartphone camera in the market, next to the Lumia 1020, and this phone's camera reacts much faster than 1020, and it can save RAW format photo.3. Free Office 365.4. It has micro-SD card slot5. The Nokia HereMap App and HereDrive can download maps (not only US but all countries) and this phone becomes a GPS even if you don't have data or signal!6. The Nokia MixRadio (need wifi or data) is better than Apple's iRadio.7. It has FM Radio function, but requires a headset to work.Cons:1. The usability is bad! The system design do not effectively utilize the amazing 6 inch screen, the keyboard always occupy about 2/3 of the screen. Win 8 system setting is not as easy and simply as IOS: in IOS you can easily scroll the menu on the left and browse and select information on the right, in Win 8 you need to click into one and another manual options then exit and select another, and there are too many options.2. There's only AT&T; version in U.S, the AT&T; remove the Qi Wireless charging function.3. US Version does not come with headset (if you want to use the FM radio function, you need use your own headset)4. The phone I have is extremely hot, not only when I play games, but also when I take pictures. The high temperature area is the corner on the right side of the camera (when you face the camera)5. The screen of my phone has a minor color unbalance issue, about 1/3 of the screen close to the Win key has a yellow tint issue.Overall it is a good phone, and excellent phablet. It has wonderful hardware, but still has some design issue. Whether to buy it depends on your needs. There are other cool-looking phones in the market, such as MOTO X with customized color, iPhone 5s and 5c. There are some high-value hardware phones such as Nexus 5, which is fully unlocked with awesome hardware for only $350. To be honest, this phone is neither cool-looking (imagine when you hold such a huge thing to make phone call) nor very good "bang for the buck", but it is no double one of the two best phone-tablet so far. The other one is Note 3, which seems to have a more mature OS and better utilization of stylus pen, but the Lumia 1520 has a better camera.Overall, 3.5 stars.

This phone is fast, stable and the sreen is amazing.  I had owned Iphones (up to 5s)  and Android phones ( up to the samsung note 3) but this Nokia phone is better, it's simple to use, live tiles is good ,very fast and hasn't  stalled yet even though I have a lot of things going on at a time not like androids phones that is fast when it's new but as you install more apps the phones slow down and crash most of the time.It is a big phone but after a while you'll get use to it and appreciate the real state but definately a 2 hand operation phone most of the time.  I can never go back to smaller screen again, It's funny how Iphone said they never go bigger than 4.5&#34; but recently there's rumor that the next Iphone is going to be 4.7&#34; - 5.7&#34;.  I bought a belt holster carrier case for it and it helps rather than put it inside my jeans pocket which by the way it fits but I prefer it outside.Camera is very good beats my wifes Samsung note 3 (she's jealous :) ).  Some  apps is missing but there always the equivalent available and the available apps are getting more and more.Nokia included apps are great, you can download maps for offline use for gps.One of the biggest important surprise I found out was that  while connected to car bluetooth stereoI can have the phone read the incoming text thru the car speaker and reply or call the person by voice command without looking at the phone or taking my hands off the steering wheel the whole time.  I tried that function with Samsung Note 3 and it's not the same, while the samsung  will let you  answer incoming call by voice command, the voice only comes out on the phone speaker even connected thru bluetooth also for text messages it only will make a sound when a text comes in but it wont give you an option to read out  the incoming text you nor reply to it by voice command so if you really have to find out out who text you and read a text you have to pick up the phone and operate it while driving which is not safe and advisable.

I have been an android user for personal and an Apple user for work. To me those OS systems have become very boring and just didn't seem like they were moving forward in time. They update and update but still look boring with little interaction. Very simplistic. The 1520 Lumia WP destroys those boring phones. I bought this phone because I own a XBOX One and a PC with Windows 8.1 (which I love with 3 monitors, one being a touch screen). The integration and sync is flawless and Xbox live, glass just make this phone even better. I would never go back to an Android/Google product nor would I ever consider buying a personal Apple phone. MS is ahead of their times with live tiles and I think people are starting to catch on. I even cut the cord on Google's search engine and begun suing BING just because I can!

I have had this phone over a month now...and everyday, it gets better and better....I have had many different phones for personal and business....but the speed of this phone is by far the best!

Upgraded Note 2 to Note 3. Had it two days but couldn't get around how good the 1520 looked and functioned in the store. Ditched the Note for this beast and have no complaints. Windows runs like a dream on this phone.

Was so excited waiting for this to arrive and when it did, I was quite shocked with how big it was, but I guess I need to pay attention to the size more. But before I even got through the setup, I decided I already loved it. Windows 8 works great and the screen is perfect, everything is bright and clear. The camera is the main reason I got the phone and Im completely happy with it

Let me start by saying this phone is amazing.This is my 6th windows phone in a span of 1 year. I keep phone maximum for 3 months and sell it with good value. Earlier i had Lumia 1020 which is amazing phone too. I was in market for a mini ipad.Then i came across this phone . So i thought why not buy Lumia 1520 which can be used as a mini tablet and phone.I have no regrets in buying this phone. Below is my experience with this phone.Form Factor: Yes phone is little big. As this is a phablet category, the size is expected.We cant have a SUV's room in a compact car. So the benefits of large screen is obvious. Also at the same time there will be some inconvinience.Both Hands: Yes most times you need to use both hands. For instance, you cant use back button without using 2nd hand. But i got used to it.After couple weeks ownership , i dont feel this as a inconvinience any more. It matters most in a CAR where you need to handle the phone single handed. So all the time i mount my phone and i can use single hand.Screen: Screen is great and retina. But if you use phone screen without any protector then the screen is very slippery.Camera: Didnt test much but looks as good as lumia 1020 with less zoom.Slim. This phone is very slim when compared to lumia 1020. there is no bulge on the back so it sits flat.I se phone for movies at gym. Lumia 1020's camera bulge was always a chalange at gym. As 1520 sits flat, it is more secure.Speed: I dont think i see much speed improvement over 1020. Though it is quad core ,system still takes time to repsond on certain apps.I believe the speed has to do with particular apps then the phones hardware.When i switched to 1520 ,i thought some lagging in 1020 will be gone in 1520/. but certains apps still lagg.Lanyard: I miss Lanyard of lumia 1020 in this phablet. As this is a big phone, Nokia must have Lanyard option. To remedy this, i added my own . I used incipio air case and added Lanyard to the speaker grill. It works great as the case is strong.Speakers:It is almost same as lumia 1020 speaker with 10-15% improvement in volume. The clarity is same. Both speakers are great. Ear piece could be louder. I dont know but Nokia Lumia series suffers with low ear piece volume.Red Lumia. Red is slippery as every one suggested. Incipio case took care of it.Tiles: Extra column for tiles is a plus. Now one can see more information without moving the screen.Side Keys: Side keys are too flat. It is quite difficult to find volume keys and lock keys .It could be better like lumia 1020.Phone in public: Yes it is eye catching. It doesnt look good if you talk on this phablet in public. But who cares.when Iphone first came, it looked too BIG. but it has become new NORM now. So people will get used to it as phablets become more popular.Also it keep you out of crowd.Pocket: It easily slides into pocket. In my formals and jeans i have no issue in sliding the phone. It fits and doesnt pop out of pocket. As it is slim, the extra length doesnt bother me.Wireless charging. I am really mad on ATT on removing wireless charging from this phone. Hell with the technology and standards. IF they care too much then why did they sell qi wireless chargers. Now that every one got one qi wireless chargers they removed this from phone.ATT ------ in this regard.battery: Awesome. It has very good battery life.It is almost twice that of lumia 1020. I tested battery by turning on everything.Even though the location was turned on, the battery drain was not significant. I believe if location is not used by any app then system turns it off.

I have been using an iPhone since they were first released.  I have been considering the switch to a Nokia phone for some time (camera the driver) and actually tried the Lumia 1020 for a week before returning it. I couldn't stand the odd weight and balance of the lens.  I've had the 1520 for nearly a month and I am as excited about it as I was when I got my first iPhone.  It's hard to describe, but the feel of this phone is just right.  The weight is well balanced. It fits in my front pocket surprisingly comfortably and is just awesome in my car as I can see it so well. It is easier to find music on the phone than on my Car's navigation screen, and candidly I can see the Lumia screen better than the car's so I think it's actually safer as long as your not texting.  I actually only use the Lumia's navigation now as it is way clearer and simpler than the Lexus Nav I paid $2k for in my car.The camera is great and is the primary reason why I wanted to move to Nokia.  I have not been disappointed.  The system is really fast, far faster than the 1020, and I love the screen.  It is simply easy to see.  Period.  Since I use my smart phone now more for the smart part and less for the phone part I honestly rarely hold it up to my head.  If there is a problem that would be it, but it's so not an issue for me as it's 5% or less of the time I use this. Candidly, after using iOS for 5 years, I really like the Windows phone.  Far more than I thought I would. As for apps, it simply hasn't been an issue.  I travel a ton and United just put out their app so the only one I was really missing is there.  I would suggest checking the apps you use, but my guess is 90% or more of what you actually use is now on windows.  In my case it was nearly 100%.  In summary I'm a big fan.

... but I don't mind it. Yep, it's the biggest Windows Phone out there and a rival for the Android &#34;phablets&#34; out there, but this one has better internals than any of them, on top of a much more user-friendly user experience. That's right, WP8 has been around long enough for me to say it without fear of immediately being burnt at the stake: Windows Phone is a faster, better mobile OS than Android. Power users will sometimes complain about the lack of one or two apps upon which they rely on the other system, and while that's legitimate in some cases, I've found WP to do everything I need a phone to for years now. I am an Android user as well, and my Nexus 7 sees plenty of use, but I wouldn't want Google's OS as my go-to device for communication. WP8's core features are so bullet-proof and fast to use that I am sure I will be sticking with them for my phone for a long time, even though I'm invested in Android's ecosystem on my tablet.The best thing to happen for WP has definitely been Nokia's risky business move to exclusively focus on this OS. Their hardware is simply beautiful, as well as reliable (I've used the 900 and 920 for quite awhile) and top-notch. When you hold them and use them, their devices have every bit as much appeal as do Apple's, but they don't even come close to overlapping. Nokia's design is focused on color, freshness, sleekness and practicality. I remember talk when the first Lumia, the 800, came out of how the phone hardware mimicked the OS's bright and bold but utilitarian design, and they've kept that mentality going. Last year's flagship was the 920, then the 1020 with its beastly camera stepped in with upgraded specs, and the slimmer 925 also made an appearance, but as an overall poster child of what OS and hardware can do together, the real king is the 1520.You can read over the specs for yourself: 1080p IPS display, Snapdragon 800 quad-core 2.2GHz processor, 20MP optically-stabilized camera. Those sound great. But even great specs don't mean everything, the key thing is if they work. They work! The 1520 is a massive phone, but it is all polish, with no real faults to find. The whole phone runs at blazing speed with the top-end processor.Size is the major factor in whether this phone appeals to you. Photos don't really do it justice - you have to see it in the polycarbonate to grasp how large it really is. That said, it uses its size in the best way possible: the beautiful screen. I love IPS technology; its color reproduction is excellent, not only saturated and vivid but accurate, and such things matter on a 6&#34; screen.The back of the phone is Nokia-standard toughpolycarbonate, either matte or glossy (in the case of the colorful versions - I've only seen the red, so I can't be totally sure on the others). I prefer the higher-quality feel of the matte on any Nokia device, but with this one it's especially important, because you need grip to hang onto such a large device. To be sure, its weight is quite reasonable, just heavy enough to feel solid and reliable, but there are lots of times I don't have my fingers locked around its edges, but am letting it lie in my palm while I use it. The matte finish of the black phone sticks just enough to the surface of my palm to be comfortable doing so.The 1520 is also nicely thin. In fact, I think its dimensions and weight are close to perfect. They scream good design. The OS update that allows three rows of live tiles comes in especially handy, since you can get almost everything you need onto the screen without scrolling, and even with large tiles, which report a lot of information on what is going on with the app, making this an even better glance-worthy device than the other WP models.Lastly, the camera is on par with other Nokia models (not including the 1020, which is a class unto itself) in performance, with a couple of caveats. One, the maximum aperture is somewhat smaller (f/2.4 instead of f/2.2 on the 920), meaning that this camera has to bump ISO sooner than the 920 in low light. You can still set ISO manually, which I recommend. ISO 100 shots look buttery-smooth. This is also the first camera on a Nokia device to support RAW (DNG) files, which I have yet to test in Lightroom but am looking forward to getting my hands on.All in all, this phone is impressive enough to warm a person who thinks &#34;phablets&#34; are dumb, which incidentally was me. I'm more than willing to make the size trade-off for the many excellent features the 1520 boasts, and am looking forward to what Nokia and Microsoft have in store for their new flagship device!

I sold my Lumia 1020, my fifth Windows Phone, to get a Galaxy Note 3, my first Android.  After two months, I have sold my Note 3 and canceled my Tmobile plan and back on ATT.I sold my 1020 because I was &#34;tired&#34; of being out of the loop when it came to apps, compatibility, power user options, etc.  I thought I liked having all that in Android the 2 months I tried it, but I ended up missing Windows Phone hardcore.  So I decided to grab the 1520 because it was ridiculously big, and it has my favorite OS on it, Windows Phone 8.  With Windows Phone 8.1 only a few months away, I got more and more excited to be back on it.  I also grabbed the Lumia 2520 tablet for $99, so at ATT I got the 1520 and 2520 for the same price of a Note 3, now that's a deal!The phone is....AWESOME. The screen is massive with great viewing angles, speakers loud, best build quality out there, and MASSIVE.  Everyone always laughs when they see it because it's so giant, but I happen to love the size.  Having the extra column for live tiles makes the start screen way more fun to use.The camera isn't as impressive as the 1020 was, but it's close.  I've managed to get some great shots.I gave it 4 stars for Windows Phone and it's crawl to catch up. I've given up chromecast for xbox in an attempt to keep myself within the Microsoft sandbox. I'm a Windows 8.1 user, so it's not THAT hard, but it was nice that Android was pretty much compatible with anything, had ALL the apps, etc... I don't know what WP can do to get to that level, but they need to do something. I'll never leave WP again because I'm just used to it and love it. I love how fast it is to get the stuff you want, the search button rules, and the OS looks awesome, but I hope 8.1 is a big update with features we are missing the most.  For the love of god, Google and MS need to kiss and make up so WP users can use google stuff without it sucking terribly.

This is not a review for the Windows Phone operating system. Just for the Lumia 1520 phone and to a lesser extent AT&T; service. I'm not going to talk about the WP OS because I am pretty biased. WP OS is leaps and bounds better than its competition. The only real negative is the lack of available apps when compared to Android or iOS. Which isn't the operating systems fault. So if you are looking at this phone wondering if the windows phone OS is good... it is. But, make sure the apps you want are available before choosing.Now for the review.Going to knock out the AT&T; part first. I left AT&T; a year or so ago because it was way too expensive. Even with a contract I was paying close to $100 a month for lowest possible talk and unlimited texting with 2 gb of data, on a solo contract. I came back when I bought this phone because they have done a great job revising their available plans. For instance, instead of having to add $20 for the texting, it is just there. I am currently on month to month no-contract with 1 gb of data and unlimited talk/text. I did have to buy my own phone but that doesn't bother me. I only pay around $50 a month now and it is great to not be subjected to a long contract. Throughout all my time with AT&T; the service has been absolutely great as well. Which is important to me since I live a very remote area and other carrier service is just non-existent out here. I have had a few smaller ones and Verizon and AT&T; by far has the best service for me. I highly recommend AT&T; in its current form to anyone looking for a carrier.As for the 1520... my first impression was... wow... this thing is huge! My previous phone was an HTC 8X, which is also nice, but the 1520 absolutely dwarfs the 8X. The HD 6 inch screen is totally amazing to look at. I have always had pretty top of the line phones so am used to a good looking screen, but this one blows me away. The size and view alone is enough for me to give this 5 stars. When I see other phones now, I wonder how people use such small devices!The sound is also great, even at half volume or less it is crystal clear and easy to listen to. It gets really loud too, sometimes at work I forget I had my ringer at max and it goes off... startles the entire office, which is not a quiet office... I do have one problem with the call sound, which I'll get to later.The camera is also great. Short of getting the Lumia 1020(Or maybe the Icon, haven't looked at it much), you will not find a better camera. Nokia camera technology in phones is just unbeatable at the moment as it is and this is the second best packed into a beast of a phone. In addition to the video/picture quality, if you record a lot of video with sound, you'll be amazed how clear and clean it records. Even in loud concerts and such it will sound pretty good, instant youtube upload quality even.With all that said, this is an amazing phone, but I do have a few qualms with it that you should know about when purchasing. First and worst. There is a common problem where if you plug headphones in it will make regular phone calls sound not work. It happened to me. I have to either have headphones plugged in or speaker turned on to hear on phone calls. This would be huge to some, but doesn't matter to me since I hardly ever talk on the phone. I would also imagine this is covered under the manufacturer's warranty so if it happens to you, you'd probably easily get it replaced. Second problem I had is with the touch sensitivity. There are different settings so I have managed to change some stuff and make it feel better, but I still have problems sometimes when I go to scroll or something, instead it registers a tap. This could just be me though... and still is easy to get used to and forget about. And third... this is all me probably, the screen is supposedly gorilla glass and practically un scratchable... yet I somehow managed to get a scratch on it! You probably don't need to worry about that though... I just have that kind of luck!So in summary, even with the few little problems that MIGHT occur, this is an absolutely stunning phone and still deserves 5 stars. I honestly don't think I could even return to a smaller phone at this point if I wanted to get something else... and since I am a WP fan and do not plan to get an Android anytime soon, this is THE phone for me. Hope this review helps you decide if it is also the phone for you!

This phone does what  phone should do add to your life not make you jump thru hoops to learns in inner workings.  As far as APPs this thing didnt need anything, I have installed apps only after having the phone for 2 months and just looking for other apps.  I can read my emails, work my excel sheets and word documents..  Great Great Great Phone

You can get a list of all the awesomeness that's the phone and display from other reviews. My serious gripe is the quality of applications. They're terrible! I ditched my iPhone 5 for this. The first thing I did was download the Amazon Kindle reader. This is big enough to be a good light weight reader. It's a D- grade application. The iOS version is A+, so why is it so bad for the Windows Phone? Amazon just threw out a crappy app to shut Win phone users up. No other reason. The app crashes all the time, you have to reinstall, download the books, 75% of books won't download, and only 10% of features that other quality apps have.  I blame Microsoft for this. Did they think that developers would just come running to build quality apps? Do you think Apple just sat back and did nothing? No way! They went out and ensured that there would be quality apps for their products.Granted, there are some quality apps like Office, but from other developers this is an epic failure. Microsoft should have done more. All I'd like to do now it take it back.

Let me start by saying I have been an iPhone user/lover/supporter since day one, and there are definitely many positives to be said for the phone and the OS, but let's face it, it's a bit boring, mainly due to it's simplicity, which is what most people seem to love about it. This is also NOT a review of Windows Phone 8, that is something you either love or hate, and has absolutely nothing to do with this phone, since if you hate the OS, you obviously do not buy a Windows Phone. This is what bothers me about some of the negative reviews here, they are negative about customer service or because they were less than thrilled with Windows Phone OS, but that is not a review of the Lumia 1520. SO I am going to make the assumption that whoever is buying this phone has done a bit of research (I know, a rather large assumption but I'll fly with it for now), and actually wants a Windows phone. Now, why I made the switch and why I am absolutely LOVING this Lumia 1520:1. The screen is absolutely hands down the nicest, clearest, brightest screen I have ever seen on any device, be it tablet, computer, or phone. Of course it is also 6&#34;, which is going to be a bit large for some people, but again, just like the OS, if you wanted a small phone, order a small phone. In my case I wanted the larger screen as it definitely lessens the need to carry my tablet around in many cases, and I can do things on this device that were oure torture on a 4.5&#34; or similar size screen.2. The camera, although not the 41 MP of the 1020, is quite impressive regardless at 20 MP, and the software that Nokia provides make the whole camera interface 2nd to none in my opinion. There is a bit of a learning curve if you are used to just pointing and shooting, which you can still do but not to optimal effect as you can if you take control. I look forward to taking a lot of pictures and doing a lot of experimenting.3. Did I say the screen was unbelievable?4. Although I stated this would not be a review of Windows Phone OS, I feel I should mention that the Amber update really adds to the OS in general, and I personally like the live tiles and the customizable nature of the whole system.So, all in all if you are looking for a large screen smartphone, and are either comfortable with or willing to try Windows Phone OS, than I can very highly recommend this phone, and as you can see by the many other positive reviews many out there would agree.

I have the ATT version of this phone which is missing the Qi Wireless Charging and only has 16GB of onboard storage. I 100% blame ATT for this not Nokia. As far as I'm concerned ATT is garbage.ProsScreen - Great colors, reading angles, and clarity. The screen has deep blacks and is very visable in direct sunlight due to the clearblack technology. The 3rd row of tiles on the hoimescreen is great. OS apps do take advantage of the larger screen size and show more text like in email, etc.Weight - The phone is not as heavy as I thought it would be. I previsouly had a L920 which has a lead weight.Camera - The 20MP camera is very good and fixes all of the issues that the L920 had.Polycarbonate Body - The L1520 is matte in white, which is what I have and it has a really great feeling.MicroSD - Many WP do not have MicrosSD, especially Nokias. This phone supports up to 64GB. You can only move media files to the storage right now (music, pictures, videos) not apps, but that is coming in WP8.1 I do not install tons of apps so this does not affect me.ConsTouch Input - The phone exhibits strange touch behaviour where scrolls are occassionally seen as touches. This is software and I'm sure Nokia will fix it, as they are very on top of issues.Size - At first the phone was a little bit to large, but after about 2 weeks it has been nothing but great. I will never get a smaller than 5&#34; - 5.5&#34; device again.

This phone is great, i spent over 2 months deciding which phone to buy and every time i did my check , it always came up .. &#34;NOKIA 1520&#34;.I have very big hands so the phone is a perfect fit, the screen is great ,it's big , it's bright and the tiles are good ,everything is right at hand, the phone flows very smooth , it's response time from one program to the next is very fast ,no lagging , camera is great , the aps are good.THIS IS PHONE IS THE MERCEDES BENZ OF PHONES....The one draw back with the phone is if the battery fails it is not easy to replace ,because it seems like the owner would not be able to replace it themselves...But still NOKIA this phone is great... i love it ... i love it......

Best phone I ever had.outstanding quality and performance. Does well beyond what I expected in a phone. Glad I made the purchase.

I switched from an iPhone to a lumia 920 a few months ago because it was too soon for an upgrade but my iPhone broke. I quickly came to like the Windows format, although most of my features were several years outdated because I couldn't get the updates to work properly. About a week ago my upgrade was finally ready and I switched up to the 1520. There are probably a lot of apps that heavy app users like that aren't available, but I haven't found a single one that I wanted that I wasn't able to find. Myfitnesspal, hulu, netflix, amazon, Pandora, iheartradio, all of my favorites are there! The system is lightening fast, I haven't had it freeze up on me a single time and everything responds as soon as you touch it. The screen clarity and quality are phenomenal for watching tv. Texting and phone calls (since it is a phone lol) have been a breeze and I really like all the little customizable options that are available. The only problem I've had at all with the phone is that this phone is definitely meant to operate and be used like a mini tablet. I'm used to being able to text with one hand and that can be difficult just because of the sheer size of this phone. I wouldn't change anything about it though so I've just gotten used to either stretching my hand out to reach the other side or using two hands to text. Not one second of regret so far, love it!

I am a self admitted cell phone addict. i have various versions of iPhones up to IOS 7and Android phones up to Kit Kat. I became board with the same old stuff so I decided with some caution that I would make the switch to Windows Phone 8. I was very fearful of a lack of apps, but it turns out that the majority of the apps that I used on other platforms were available on WP8. The ones that weren't available had similar apps that  were as good as or better than the original. The phone itself is a work of art. The build quality is every bit as good if not better than any model of iPhone. The screen is second to none in my opinion. Its bright, and the colors are incredible. Its very easy to read in sunlight. The button locations are very intuitive. The speaker is very loud and also clear. The battery life is amazing. I consider my self an average to slightly above average cell phone user. The phone comes off the charger at 4:15am every day. Buy the time I go to bed at 10:00pm I still have any where from 65 to 70 percent charge left. The phone is large. There is no question about that, but its also thin and feels very good in the hand. If you are looking for a large screen phone that does just about everything perfect, then look no further. The toughest choice you will have to make is which color to get.
