
Exceeded my expectation. I was kind of worry about the screen how fade out it will be based on the criticism from the experts but, the screen was perfectly amazing for me so I recommend this for everybody.

Replaced my original Nexus, and can say without a doubt this the best phone I have owned in a few years.  Fast, great battery life (unlike other user experiences), and the display is stunning.I am a pretty tech friendly guy, and in this case it covers all my geek needs in a device.

Price and specs it's unbeatable. The phone is unlocked as well as open to have it's bootloader played with.As well as updates directly from Google.

Cant beat the price/value! Big screen. Fast processor. Good battery life! And price is reasonable big time! Thing to get!

I purchased the Nexus 5, over the Galaxy S4, in hopes that this phone wouldn't disappoint me but boy was I wrong!Initially, the phone worked great, but within 4 weeks, the camera stopped working. The wouldn't work with any application that uses a camera, even after performing a system restore. I sent it back to Amazon and got a brand new replacement, but I had much lower expectations, but never did I expect my NEW (not refurbished) replacement to go bad too.Once again, a few weeks into using the replacement phone, it failed on me. One night, the backside of the phone began to get really hot. I thought it was because I had poor service. The phone continuously got hotter until finally, the screen blacked out. I tried troubleshooting with the help of Sprint, Amazon and the manufacturer and they were stumped too. Their only advice was to get a replacement.There I was again, ordering a replacement phone for the SECOND TIME in less than TWO MONTHS. That means I was on my THIRD phone within 8 weeks - absurd by any standards. I don't know what happened, but Google really dropped the ball with the build quality of this phone, in my opinion.It's been a month with the 3rd phone, and no issues yet.Overall, when I wasn't busy replacing my phone, I have enjoyed using it. But, I am not going to count my blessings just yet.

Much better deal here than at Sprint, and no waiting in the store!  Phone arrived quickly, although the shipping box was not taped and by the time it got to me, one of the flaps had come loose.  Fortunately, the phone's box was jammed tightly into the shipping box and did not fall out.I love Nexus devices, and this one is no exception.  It's very fast and looks great!

Super fast phone and the screen is absolutely gorgeous! Very thin with no physical buttons on the front. I was worried that one drop would break the screen, so I also bought a SUPCASE for it.

This phone is an upgrade from a Galaxy S2 so I expected it to be a significant change as far as capability which it most certainly is. I've only had it for a day and a half so i really can't judge battery life yet which is a concern going to a fixed battery phone, but speed and performance is great. Sprint LTE in my area is decent so streaming full 1080 over the wireless network is good although it's not something I plan on doing often, but it is a good test for both the phone and network. Sprint is scheduled to start what they call SPARC next year which will use all three bands for data simultaneously which I am eager to try. There is very little Sprint Bloatware installed which was nice to see, but there is some. I also had to take the phone into a Sprint store to get it activated. I could have called customer service most likely, but the store was just down the block. One other thing to note was that when I ordered the phone through Amazon I changed my plan to the new all data for life, but when I took it into the store was told I still had my old plan. The service guy at the store changed it for me.This was one of the three options I was looking at for an upgrade. The other two were LG-G2 and the Moto-X. A friend has the Moto-X and is happy as has some nice value added like the trusted zones which I really wish this phone had, but I am still very happy with my choice. The screen is definitely not an OLED as the blacks are not totally black and the colors can seen a bit washed out. For the price point of the off contract phone something had to give and it was the choice in screen. I don't mind it at all as I use the phone as a communication and productivity device mainly and I'd much rather have more computing power than a perfect screen. Also some reviews I've seen have disliked the camera. The camera is fine, but is slow to get into action/focus. I understand that this will be addressed in a software update in the future. I mainly use the a camera phone for documenting things as opposed to getting the perfect shot. I have a bunch of DSLR equipment for that. So far I am very pleased with the phone, but it has only been a few days. I'm giving it 4/5 due to the screen and camera not being perfect, but would not hesitate to make the same choice again at this time.

I could not imagine life without Google! What else can I say!? Google! Pure Google! Google Experience! Google!;-() !

Great phone with average features. Just missed being perfect. It's fast and works well would be the best phone on the market with more features

After I had this phone for a grand total of a week. I went back to my old iPhone 4S. First off the battery last maybe 4 hours. I tried recharging not touching it. Letting that go, the phone connection and signal were 10x worse than my iPhone 4S which mind you has no 4G. Just over all poor choice of phone.

Awesome phone! The 2.3GHz makes this phone insanely fast it was unbelievable. If you add the speed to the price of this bad boy ($35) with an upgrade it is a great steal. The touch screen was stunning and the camera was...eh so so. I think they could easily fix the camera by lessening the software on the phone that blurs the image when the noise gets to high when it is dark. It also would have been nice if it shot 4K, the new S5 will and it has almost the exact same specifications.Bottom line: I kept this phone for two days and I loved it...except for the fact that it was a phone and with the case on it was around 5.5 inches. To me that is too big for a phone and I am a pretty nerdy 18 year old who loves technology and couldn't stand not getting one of the best phones on the market. Just go to BestBuy or use your friends phone for a while to see how you do with the size. Also put the phone in your pocket and see how it feels. Other than that this phone would get a 5/5 for being everything you need in a smartphone and more. I'm going to get the iPhone 5s today just because it is smaller and I'm pretty integrated into the whole Apple world already.Thanks guys!

I upgraded to the Nexus 5 from a Nexus S 4G. An issue I had with my previous phone was how underpowered it was. After two years' worth of Android system updates, my old phone was pretty slow. A major problem with the Nexus S was the partitioning of the storage space into 2GB and 14GB divisions, which compounded the speed problem with memory issues as well. The Nexus 5 does not have either of these problems because of the new multi-core processor inside, and the entire 16GB of storage space is a single partition and accessible for both installation of apps and storage of photos, etc.The Nexus 5 is very slim and sleek, but many of the cases available for it square off the slightly rounded edges of the phone in addition to adding thickness to the phone, making it a little chunky. This may be a reasonable trade-off if a case prevents your screen of becoming damaged when your phone is dropped.The screen on the Nexus 5 is large and bright. You may want to turn the brightness setting down to conserve battery life, as the screen is responsible for as much as a third of my total battery consumption over the course of the day. With respect to the physical size of the phone, using it one-handed could be difficult if you have small hands. I wear medium/large size gloves, and have no problem with this. The large screen certainly helps with typing using the on-screen keyboard. Far fewer missed keys compared to my older phone.I bought this phone on/around Cyber Monday, so it was on sale for $35 on Amazon for a device upgrade with Sprint. The price may have changed since then. If you're looking to buy the phone off-contract, the Google Play store may be a better deal.When upgrading my phone, I was also considering the HTC One and the Moto X, which are both also great phones. I decided to go with the Nexus 5 because I prefer to run an Android phone without additional manufacturer-specific skins on top. These skins often add features or visual effects I don't use but will still consume system resources. Additionally, the Nexus 5 has a high repairability score from iFixit, which is also important to me. If a part of the phone breaks, I'd rather replace the broken part than buy a whole new phone. The Moto X also has a high repairability score, but the HTC One is not really repairable at all. Another advantage of the Nexus devices are the speed with which they receive Android system updates. You can read more about that elsewhere. Specific to the Nexus 5, the camera software was not particularly good upon launch of the phone in November. By the time I purchased and activated my phone in December, a new system update had been issued, and the camera software was upgraded in that release. The photos taken with the Nexus 5 rival those taken with my friend's iPhone 5, if that is a concern for you. I don't have a comparison to the iPhone 5S.

The incoming calls are too hard to hear even at maximum volume. The speaker volume is fine. This is not acceptable.

I bought mine thru Sprint's upgrade program since I get an employee discount on the monthly charges via a friend.  The initial setup at the Campus Sprint store took a while as it had to update the OS to Kit Kat- apparently out of the box. Since then I have gotten a couple Kit Kat updates from Google. One of them supposedly fixed the camera lag issue.  I am not a big user of phone cameras, but the few I have taken look good, and the camera software and functions are idiot proof. I also dig having the camera available from the lock screen, and that you can scroll thru pics and back to the live camera with ease.  Phone build quality is tight, and the case I bought separately on Amazon fits well, although the power button can be a little difficult to use at first, and some USB chargers do not fit snug with it.  No fault of the phone itself.  The battery seemed to drain faster for the first week or so, but that was most likely from me playing around with it a lot, or perhaps the phone battery or software itself adapting to my usage?  The only gripe I have is the new phone dialing screen in Kit Kat makes it easy to dial a number by mistake while scrolling thru call history, But this is more user error than anything.  SD card option and replaceable battery would be nice, but are not deal killers in my book. The speakers are adequate and call quality seems good. (There is only one speaker for the speakerphone on the bottom, the other is the mic.)By far the main reason to buy this phone is the automatic software updates from Google mean this phone's Android software will stay up to date, and it comes with zero provider phone company bloatware.

This is my favorite phone of all time. The speed and usability kills my iPhone 4S. I love the slim, light weight. The responsiveness of the phone is unlike anything I have used. Such a great phone!

This is only my second smartphone, but it I already like it so much more than my GS3.  I love the simplicity, and the lack of all the bloatware.  No redundant Sprint and Samsung apps; just pure Android.  I like that the phone uses the app switcher button instead of a menu button.  All the apps seem to be going to the menu selector built into the apps, negating the need for the traditional menu button, and now that I'm used to the app switch button I have really come to appreciate it.  I never really used it too much on my GS3 because of the press and hold on the home button.  Camera works great, and the phone gets a good signal for me.  Battery life has been excellent as well (I don't use Skype so I haven't had the camera battery drain issue present in 4.4.2).  The IPS screen isn't as over saturated as the AMOLED screen on the GS3, and after a week of use it is settling in nicely (never judge your display until it's had time to &#34;burn in&#34;).  The phone is really fast and very smooth.  Is it as feature rich as a GS4?  No.  But, for the way I use a smartphone it's perfect.  If I had one complaint it would be that I wish the headphone jack played a little louder.  Other than that, I am very happy.

Phone showed up on time but missing sim tray ejector and manual and had some white dust around the speaker.

My wife and I got these phones as part of the Cyber Monday promotions and have not looked back.  Our previous phones were Samsung Galaxy S II Epic 4G Touch through Sprint.  The service was horrible on those phones so I spent a lot of time researching whether it was the phones or the service.  Turns out when Sprint switched to 4G LTE, the neglected everything 4G so we were stuck with 3G and roaming (mostly roaming) despite living in Oklahoma City (not the surrounding suburb, the city).  We didn't want to let go of our Unlimited Data Plans so we stuck with Sprint for one last go and we could not have chosen a better phone to maximize everything around us.  The processor is super fast, graphics are crystal clear, the Spark means I have had amazing speed away from the wifi in my house.The 2 issues we have had with it are as follows:- When turning off the screen, about half the time it takes at least 15 seconds to get the screen to turn back on.- The battery is pretty small compared to similar style phones, but since there is no &#34;bloatware&#34; I have hardly noticed a difference from previous battery sizes to this one.  I will say that getting a Task Killer app and setting it to close all applications regularly and setting its &#34;Kill Level&#34; at the highest level really does help extend the battery life.Overall, I'm very happy with this phone.  It took me a while to get used to some of the customization, taking for granted that &#34;full&#34; texting and voicemail apps are not initially installed, but I don't even think about the new apps I now have.

Very fast, totally integrated to the Google world, lightweight and I'm still getting impressed everyday by its features. GPS seems to loose signal a bit easier than the Milestone 3 I had before.

Best phone I've had so far, love it, price was great, OS is awesome, sleek design, just overall great, Love it!

Let me just say this up front.  I don't like the fact that Sprint and all the other carriers are charging 450$ for a phone that Google on Google Play is charging 350$.  This is another way for these cell phone companies to keep the consumer under their thumb.  But, with that being said, the key word for me "price," and for the price I really do like the Nexus 5, although I do have a few complaints about it.  Let me begin by saying that the white version of this phone and the black version are surprisingly distinct from each other.  I had believed that the white and the black version were the same exact phone just like every other black/white variation of every phone.  But they aren't.  First, they come in different looking boxes.  Just something that I'd thought i'd share.  Secondly, the earpiece (where the ear is when taking a call) on the white version is white while the black one blends into the black borders of the phone. Moreover, the white Nexus 5 is glossy around the sides whereas the black Nexus 5 has dull black sides,  Something to think about if one really cares about fingerprints on their phone (personally, I like the white version).  Now with that out of the way, the things that I do like about this phone is that it is very snappy and quick when swiping and bringing up applications, more so than some of the better spec phones such as the Note 3.  Another thing I like about the phone is it is light but it doesn't feel cheap.  It has a build that feels good in your hands.  And, the resolution on the screen is pretty damn good.  I am pretty impressed by the definition and detail when looking at the screen, and colors look great.  Now that's good news, but here is the bad news.  One of the first things that I've noticed when using the Nexus 5 is that the speaker is pretty weak.  It is not loud at all, and at full blast I couldn't hear the person on the other line when I was out in public.  Another thing that this phone is not good at doing is staying alive.  What I mean by this is that on one full charge, the phone will last about 4 to 5 hours max with regular usage.  If I don't use the phone much I may get a few more hours of standby time.  This bothered me because I need my phone throughout the day and I'm not always near an outlet, plus there's no way to open the phone and throw in a replacement battery. So, that definitely is a large negative for me.  Finally, another weak point on this phone is the camera.  Although the phone has a decent 8 mega pixel camera, the pictures I take in good light are not of great quality.  The pictures seem to be not of the right colors and it seems to dull the light out a bit.  Furthermore,  I can't take rapid fire pictures as each successive picture taken requires a about 2-3 second delay between each other.  But, the camera is surprisingly good at taking low light pictures.  As a matter of fact, the Nexus 5 camera in low light is better than some of the more premium phones with better cameras.  This is something that I really enjoy about the Nexus 5's camera.  Overall, if I was to rate this phone as a regular priced phone, (650-750$) or 200$ with a 2 year contract, I would probably give it 3 stars due to all the flaws (camera, speaker , battery life) the phone has.  But, for a 450$ phone or 50$ on a 2 year contract, this phone is exceptional.  It is exceptional because it functions very well as a smart phone (the touch screen is very quick and responsive and on 4G the internet is quick) and it has great screen resolution.  Personally I bought this phone outright for 450$ and I am happy with it.  But, I think I wouldn't be as happy if I paid 700$ for it.

Battery seems to last and it recharges quickly. I like the size, nice sharp screen without being too big and bulky. The speed is good too, Very pleased overall.

As long as you are able to charge it every 12 hours, this phone is every possible thing you could want from modern technology in a phone.

Bought for use on Sprint. Renewed account for 2 years and my cost was only $29.99 plus the tax. What a deal. Don't get this phone if you can't understand or want customization. Get an iPhone then...

No problems with this phone. Very fast with the new OS and very crisp display. I would get the next Nexus when I require a new phone.

Upgraded from a galaxy s2.  Sprint went LTE in my area so it was time to take advantage.  I'm paying the same bill so why not get the faster service?

Fast operations, smooth transitions between apps. Love this phone. Upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy SII, and there is no going back to a Samsung for me. Getting updates straight from Google instead of waiting for Samsung/my carrier to butcher them is a dream.2 minor (for me) downsides, first is that the phone is so new that some areas of where I live don't support 4G LTE for it yet, but that's a temporary problem as the network improves--and I'm on WiFi throughout most of the day anyway. Second is that Hangouts (default messaging app on this phone) and Sprint have a character limit of 160 in place for SMS messages. Rather than build out your text as one long message and send to the recipient as 1/3, 2/3, etc, you have to cut yourself off and send in 160 character chunks. This is annoying but it's a known issue that is not limited to the Nexus 5 (it's a Sprint + Hangouts thing); so don't let that stop you from getting this great phone.

Perfect size screen (makes the iPhone 5 seem small), great battery life (usually about 13-16 hours of heavy usage before needing a recharge). Super fast processing, never a lag (ever). It's light, it's thin, every aspect of this phone is perfect. The simplicity of its design is everything I wanted. It would've been nice to have a new pair of headphones with it but after spending ~$150 less than the iPhone I think I'll buy my own.I compare this phone to an iPhone knowing that Apple makes a great phone. It's perfect in it's own ways. I chose the Nexus 5 because I wanted a slightly larger screen and a much lower price with the same speed, screen resolution, battery life, and simplistic design that Apple offers.

I've had an Android phone ever since my former employer stopped using BlackBerry.  I've used a variety of Samsung, Moto, and LG phones and even after owning this for a month, I'm still in love with my Nexus 5.  The screen is big, bright, and sexy.  The phone is fast and very responsive.  I've always thought that screen rotation was slow on my old Droids, but this one is very fast. I mostly surf the web, check email and play the occasional game on my phone while I'm waiting for a doctor/dentist appointment or a meeting.  For these purposes I have no complaints.  With previous phones, I bought and used other apps instead of the built-ins (like the camera app).  With the new camera app that comes with KitKat, I don't have any complaints.  I use it instead of the app I paid for a couple years ago.  Also, I easily rooted this phone in about five minutes.  Instructions are easily found online.  I haven't tried a custom ROM yet, though.As for the downsides...1) It's hungry.  It eats through your battery charge like a hungry hippo.  Fortunately, the charger is fast.  I can charge my phone from 10% to a full charge in about 90 minutes, maybe less.2) There is no replacing the battery or adding an SD card.  This phone is sealed and intended to stay sealed.3) The charging plug is on the bottom.  This is minor, but I'm used to it being on the top.4) The speaker is on the bottom, right where I put my fingers when holding the phone with both hands.  Often I can't hear the phone when I'm holding it, because I forget to move my big fat finger.5) Sprint's 4G LTE service isn't great where I live and tend to visit.  Where 4G is prevalent, it works like a champ.Overall, this phone is great. If you're looking for your next Android, this is definitely worth a look.

Very fast and responsive. If you like Google and everything they have to offer this is the phone for you.

Very user friendly phone...couldn't hope for anything better...:-)...only down side I cud find was absence of Radio FM..but that can always be downloaded from play store and used..all in all..a cool pH.:-)

My son wanted this phone for the picture.  He likes it a lot and is very happy he got it

It's an  excellent smartphone, The price is better than phone.The screen is amazing,The best price - quality relationship.

I would kinda consider myself a power user.  I haven't had any issues with this Nexus phone.  Once you go to a nexus phone you wont want to go back to a normal android phone with a bunch of bloatware again.

I absolutely love this phone. Never had a phone that has moved this fast and has had this kind of performance. After some quick changes the battery has been running better then I expected. I have always had an HTC phone glad I finally have a phone that runs pure android.

Great phone, quick and snappy. The display is awesome and fits in you hand just right. Would recommend to anyone

Pure Android, Or as its called vanilla Android, Is so Basic its sweet, no bloatware everything works, Integration between apps is seamless, and the 4 core 2.3Ghz Processor doesn't ever hic-up or flinch all while keeping the battery going all day. Great 1080 Display. it plays games very well even bought me a blue tooth MOGA Controller for the games its that sweet. Things that matter to some but not me so I didn't deduct stars for it. No external Storage (Micro USB) and no access to battery to swap it out. Reasons for me not deducting? It comes with built in storage 16 or 32, I have a 16 Micro USB and never needed more on previous phones. I've upgraded phones way before ever needing new Battery.

Google's newest flagship device. Great investment/purchase. Picked it up for $50, compared to $199 & above for newly released flagship devices.I always seem to gravitate to Nexus device over all.

from Sprint Samsung Galaxy Nexus (android 4.3) to Sprint LG Nexus 5 (Android 4.4.x). Need I say anymore?Loving it!

12/21/13 Update:So about 2 weeks ago Nexus 5 users received the 4.4.2 update, it brought many small improvements but the greatest being improving the camera. It shoots very clear shots now, the camera app opens quicker and the camera takes a lot less time to focus. If the camera was something that turned you away from the Nexus 5, then come back because the issue has been fixed. Google says they will keep working on the camera to make it even better.(Stay tuned for any other updates)Original Review:I sold my S3 to get this phone on the Google Play Store and I recommend you do as well (It costs less on the Google Play Store)[...] The total ends up being less than $400 for a smart phone that is priced way to low for what it has to offer.Pricing:$350- 16 GB$400- 32 GBA Snapdragon 800 Quad-Core Processor clocked at 2.3 Ghz? A Adreno 330 GPU, all these sound to good to be true! Such great specifications at such a low price? But, nothing matters if there is no applicable real world performance, and I'm glad to say that you will be zipping through games and apps!Here are some Pros and Cons:Pros:-Phone feels great in the hand, not to big or not to small-Great Build Quality, better than phones that use plastic like the LG-G2 or S4 (It uses the grippy plastic found on the 2013 Nexus 5)-Buttery Smooth and Fast as Lightning, this phone is that fastest phone I have ever used, hands down-Pure Stock Android (Kit-Kat 4.4)-You get updates as soon as they roll out! No waiting for months to get the next version of androidCons:-Because it only packs a 2300 mh battery, it does ok for daily use, but don't expect to get any crazy battery life, (Standby time is amazing though, it sipped through only a 1% of battery through the whole night!)-Camera is decent, but video quality is great! The mic is the best I have seen on any smart phone, (A software update may improve camera)-Availability, I love this phone, but getting your hands on one can take a bit, but please believe me, it is worth the wait!-Speaker is just all right, it sounds OK but not greatTotal Scores:Build Quality: 9/10User Experience: 10/10Android Kit-Kat (Nexus 5 Experience): 10/10Camera (Photos): 7/10Camera (Video): 9/10Speaker: 7/10Summery:If you looking for a phone that delivers the best Android Experience, a cheap off contract phone, a phone with great specifications, or just a phone in general, This is the best phone currently on the market. While it has some minor flaws, there is no other phone that offers this much for this little.Total Score:9/10

nice and clean settings (stock android)perform well and super fast with all my apps and gameshas a small issue with battery drain but google said they'll release an update soonhangout and google now made the phone stand-out right from scratch without install anything to it.it's the 1st phone that sprint allow to have a sim card slot in it.and yes, it's an unlock phone.

Never getting a non-nexus phone again (unless maybe it's a Motorola since they're owned by Google anyway).This is a great phone.  The OS is very smooth, and Kit Kat pretty much convinced me not to get an iPhone this time around; Google Now is super great now, and Google Keep is fantastic too.

The phone was listed as the 32GB when I purchased it (and still shows as such in My Order history). However, it's currently shown as the 16GB and that is the phone I received. It's still a really good phone, and I'm still using it, but I'm pretty upset that the phone was not honestly listed.

Good phone. Does everything I need. All apps run smooth. Battery life isn't the best will barely make it through the day even with very light use.

I like that this is a google phone and will always get all the updates.  I like that it is offered at a low cost by google.  I dont like the limited internal memory and I thought the screen was a bit weak. The phone feels semi cheap in your hands and it is a very vanilla android experience.  I like that but it gets old after a little while, forcing you to do all the customization yourself. The camera isnt anything special. Overall I would not waste a two year upgrade on this phone, since it is already cheap enough to purchase on its own.

This phone is a great upgrade... Great package, great price. Better value to buy directly from Google.Top Concern prior to buying this phone... I was worried about the battery comparing the N5 to its temolate G2. Battery has lasted me at least 16hrs every day (4hrs off full charge today and I at 93%).It's got the specs. Literally everything is so smooth. When I intend on doing something, the phone handles it perfect. When I don't, the phone doesn't surpirse me. KitKat and this device is paired wonderfully.Some concerns for others have been camera, but in my usage camera has been more than sufficient. The stock GUI is a little wonky, but if I care about my photos, I'll take my DSLR. If you want a phone for the camera, grab an HTC One.Screen is beautiful. I didn't want a huge phone - the minimal bezels on the sides and on-screen buttons make this phone very easy to hold, even with a 5" screen.It's soft in the hand. And I really like the subtlety of ceramic volume rocker and power button.In DFW you pretty much have your choice of good-to-great service anywhere. Combining no contract service, my limited usage of minutes, and this phone makes it a no brainer value to me.

Great phone.  Nice feel to it.  Kit Kat takes some getting used to compared to Jelly Bean, as far as quick access to certain things.  Was really looking forward to keeping this phone, but due to Sprint's negligence to ready their network for this LTE tri-band phone, I'm unable to make use of the network in the way that I was hoping.  When in LTE mode, calls can't be made without it reverting back to a 1G network; calls can also drop and texts may not reach you until later.  In 3G mode, the Nexus 5 almost all the time, could not locate a Sprint signal and would drop back to digital roaming.  These issues are happening all over the US, but specifically for me in the SF Bay Area.  Until Sprint updates their system, I can't justify buying this phone and extending my Sprint service another 2 years.

This is my second Nexus phone.  My first was the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, which still is running strong and will be passed down to a new user.  This phone, the Nexus 5, is so much more.  It runs very smoothly, is powerful, and has better battery life than my Nexus 4.  Thoroughly pleased with this device.

I love all the features on this phone.  The only thing that I wish was different was the alarm clock, no option to turn off the snooze.

Best phone I have owned. Could use a removable SD card and removable battery. Camera is better then people say.

Yes, I really like it, minimal Google applications and no bloat makes this device real nice.  The only thing is the lack of a micro SD, but all of Google's hardware is like that.

Great Phone. Vibrant, light weight, love the matte black feel, the size is perfect for the screen. Great move from the Iphone.

One short and sweet one liner -> Nexus 5 is literally a big brother of iPhone 5s. Its as beautiful as black iPhone 5S and Kitkat OS is on par (actually better) with iOS. You can say its bigger iPhone (I mean it) because Android OS is more flexible, customizable and powerful and it is bigger than in size like its big brother. The bigger size definitely helps in games and all kind of media consumption.This device performance is buttery smooth and the overall experience inspires utmost satisfaction. Given its size it feels so light and slim even compared to iPhone 5/5s.It is not even best nexus device so far but best out yet among all.And now I will explain it.--------------------------1. Design, look and build quality-> I differ here from most reviewers who says its plain or boring and nothing stands out of this. Its as good looking as black (space gray) iPhone 5S. Its all black like iPhone 5s. Though its made of plastic its feels sturdy, well built with precision only known to Apple. And for the people who tell iPhone made of aluminum, Nexus 5 sides appears no inferior to iPhone 5S black sides. The front glass is very well fused with the body with almost no gaps. Now what we are left with? Back? The back of Nexus 5 is though made of plastic it feels very good in the hand and due to its matte finish does not seem to slip off.Now one step further...iPhone 5S black (or space gray) seems to have identity crisis of being black or something else, Nexus 5 black is perfectly black and it has got radically different sides (not plain round rectangle which all other smartphones have). The sides are beautifully something else.iPhone 5S beauty is revealing and Nexus 5 beauty being black is mysterious and never gets boring.I love this black beauty and don't blame for my taste as they said "beauty lies in the eyes of beholders"."Simplicity is Beauty and Beauty is simplicity, nothing more, nothing less." - Oscar Wilde. If any phone on the market lives up to the Oscar Wilde's quote its Nexus 5.In short its unapologetically simple".2. Processor/speed-> Buttery/silky smooth. Neck to neck with iPhone 5s and second only to Note 3 for all practical purposes.3. Screen/display-> Awesome. Its better than retina any time as its full HD. The feeling of display being washed up goes away very soon and remember the so called best retina have the same problem as they share the same display technology.4. Ecosystem-> Android eco system is as good as Apple's. In fact I find it better because of Android OS power you have kind of powerful applications which Apple fan boys can never have. Apple fan boys just give a try to 'tasker' (Warning: Only if you can handle Android's raw power.)5. Powerful Soul-> "Fools are those who don't want their souls to be powerful." Its as good as iOS but better why? because its powerful and customizable. You can do the things with it when you need. Its no way comparable to inferior iOS. Apple fan boys! People should not be proud of a system which does not even let them change default for anything.6. Call Quality -> Fantastic. I have never had so clear voice on call for very long.7. Network Signal Quality -> Fantastic.8. Volume/Speaker-> Inherently the speaker is very loud. Though in some application it might sound a little short of enough but its software related problem and should be fixed in future update. I have tested the volume in many application like play and in some apps are freaking load. While playing music through play I had to cut down on the volume in car its so powerful.With headphones its fantastic. The voice quality is very superior and has no noise in it. Its as pure as it gets.9. Camera-> I have seen all the comparisons of Nexus 5 with all leading phones (HTC one, Nokia Lumia, iPhone 5s, Samsung Galaxy S4) and its competing neck to neck in every department except its little slow to focus. But once it focus it takes very good images. HDR+ beats all other phones (I swear it). But again Google admitted it was software related issue and would be fixed soon through update. Personally I am pretty satisfied with the camera.Its at least best nexus phone camera and comparable to others except in little slower to focus. The photos are very detailed with accurate colors.Note: I have uploaded some photos for reference.10. Battery-> No complaints. Nothing great or bad here. Its definitely better than many old phones (including galaxy nexus) and equal to many others.It just falls short of only two smart phones right now which are LG G2 and Note 3. But it's battery is comparable to the best smartphone i.e. iPhone 5s. So if iPhone 5S can be the best with that kind of battery I don't understand how we could complain of Nexus 5. For casual usage you will charging it once a day. The noticeable thing is that in idle mode it does not eat battery at all and that's where it will average out better end of the day.11. Reparability-> iFixit has given its 8 of 10 in this department and you should feel comfortable saving your money on costly repair by doing many things yourself and the whole assembly is modular.Summary-> Even keeping its lower price aside, Its the one of best smart phone and should equal or better any best smart phone on the planet right now. And you add advantage of lower price...

I love this phone. So much better than my previous phone. It's so fast, and responsive. It was also such a great geat, I couldn't turn it down

Great phone. Light weight and fits nicely in my hand (i do have large hands).  I can easily reach the power button/volume rocker. The processor is fast and I have NOT experienced any lag. The battery last MOST of the day...I do tend to stream music daily about 4 hrs a day at work.

I bought this phone because I have a Nexus 7, and was impressed how I can keep my calendar on Google and it's automatically updated on my computer and the Nexi.  Wish I could transfer my music from my old iPad to the Nexi.

What an upgrade from my old HTC EVO 4G (first generation)! The power and performance combine with the customization of the Nexus to *almost* make me not feel the need to root it!I got mine on Black Friday, so got a great deal, but worth it even at full price.

I have been on board with Android phones since the very beginning, as soon as there was an Android phone I had it and have had many since.  I recently went from the Galaxy S3 to the Nexus 5 and there was a bit of culture shock.  There are a great many bells and whistles in Samsung phones, that being said, the Nexus is beyond fast, the clarity of the screen is amazing, the speaker leaves a little to be desired but it's a small price to pay.  I highly recommend this phone.  If you are coming from Samsung, Apple, or LG, there are a few small things you will miss.  If your an Android lover and don't care for bells and whistles, you will love this phone.

Love vanilla android. Camera not too bad after the first couple Kit kat updates. Quality better in person than in pictures. GPS works as intended (not that it shouldn't be expected but those coming from some Samsung phones know what I am talking about).Speakers could be better. Lowest price anywhere for upgrading a Sprint line.

This is my favorite phone to date, and my first Nexus.  I love the Nexus UI layer that Google places on top of the base Android layer as well.Pros:* Hangouts now handles all your SMS messages* Fast* SmallCons:* If you use Sprint's own voicemail, there is no app on the phone.  you must do it the old way, open up the dialer and long press the number "1" on the keypad.  OR just open a [...] account for free, and install the Google Voice App from the play store (also gives you SMS over data, and visual voicemail with transcription, and the option to text or email the voicemails to you personal greetings and lots of other things).  There is talk that Hangouts will integrate with Google Voice very soon, but not holding my breathe.

Lightning fast response, great battery life, stock Android, and only $20 on contract. Definitely the best Android phone for the price available right now.

I'm going to start this out with a preface. I have been on Android since Eclair, so my comfort level with the software is not an issue.I won't go so far as to say there is a learning curve to Android, but I will say that anyone can pick up this phone, make calls send texts, surf the web. Where this phone shines is after that. Those are simply prerequisites in the smartphone realm so any review of, &#34;It's great for phone calls...&#34; aren't helpful. That being said, it operates well on those key items.The devil is in the details on this phone though. When the bloatware and manufacturer skins are stripped away, Android is fast and very clean. On this Nexus with the advanced specs, it's astonishing how quick things are.I have had an S3, Evo 4G, and numerous experiences on other android devices as well as a year with an iPhone 4S in my pocket alongside my android phones.The screen is an 'A' it is very sharp, true to color and of good size without feeling like I am carrying around a tablet.Memory is adequate, I would have preferred the 32, but with Drive connectivity and faster mobile networks, I feel like on-device storage will be a dodo bird in 2 years.Processing and RAM are top notch. There may be phones with faster or more, but with the reduced bloatware and interference of skins, the Nexus is faster. It just has less to shovel every time you ask it to function.Build quality. It's a black phone with soft-feel plastic and a gorilla glass screen. It's better than Samsung, it's behind the new HTC M8, and in my opinion ahead of it's pricepoint. The phone in your hands will leave you complaining about very little.Battery life is adequate. Everyone has a different view of this. If you are coming from a phone that can go for a week without charging (feature phones) you will complain. If you are coming from a 2-year old Android device, you'll be fine with it, in fact you might even be happy with it.So ultimately, who should buy this phone?- Tech savvy people who want to really customize their smartphone experience- People who hate bloatware on their phone- The Not-Another-Samsung/Apple crowd- People looking for the most screaming deal on a product that will always have the newest softwareAnd the final question, &#34;Hey Joe, should I buy this phone?&#34;Are you someone listed above? Then yes. If not, Are you a fan of Apple, or would you rather have a desktop with widgets that you can change infinitely to your heart's content? Go nuts kid, this one's for you.At the end of the day, you need to figure out where you put your priorities when grabbing any one of the &#34;Premiere&#34; smartphones. If you don't want to answer any questions about what you bought, get the iPhone and go along with the crowd. If you want the best camera, Nokia and Samsung are really the only players there. If you top priority is build quality, the M8 destroys all others. But if what you want is the least amount of useless stuff tied to a phone with a very good camera and fast interactions and always the newest software, this is your phone.

Note: Since the time when I received this phone, Amazon has corrected the description to list the correct specifications for the phone.I originally gave this a low rating is based on the difference between the promised specifications at the time I placed my order(32GB) and what I received (16GB).  I specifically searched for a 32GB phone, as that was what I wanted--and, according to the description at the time of my order, that is what this was promised to have.  Amazon said their supplier misled them--and they only had the 16GB version (moreover, they had no way to get a 32GB phone).  In my mind, that difference was very material.  Moreover, I have few good options to resolve it: 1) reactivate my old phone & return this one to Amazon, 2) Try to take legal action to demand performance according to the order they accepted (all the tiny print in their terms and conditions, however, keep them well protected from their own mistakes--if only I was that well protected!), or 3) Accept a $50 credit and keep the phone I got. Any more, the fine print lets companies off the hook for anything they do wrong while binding you to your word no matter what.Now, about the functionality of the phone...The phone is quite nice. It is way more responsive than my old Galaxy S2. The 4G-LTE works better (by far) than the 4G-WIMAX on my S2--in some places, it is blazing fast.  I can't wait to see how the Sprint Spark network works...Being a "stock" Android phone, I don't have all the bloatware (good!)...but there are some widgets and stuff that I kinda miss from my old S2.  But, mostly, it's just getting used to a slightly different interface.  Oh...and it seems like every different Android uses a completely different set of stock "sounds"--so I'm having to get used to that!I've heard people say that the auto-brightness is wonky...but, so far, it's worked better on this phone than my last phone.Also, so far, the battery life is a lot better than my last phone (I think one of the upgrades did something that caused it to suck down my battery).The biggest downer so far relates to the memory.  After loading the stuff from the previous phone's SD card (this new one doesn't have an SD slot), I only have 2.5GB free.  That is likely to become a problem sooner rather than later.Also, with my Galaxy S2 using Sprint's 4G WiMax, I could talk on the phone and do Internet at the same time if I was in 4G coverage.  I miss that and hope they hurry up with Voice Over LTE which should bring that functionality back.What has me most excited...is that I hope to get more timely updates of the software.  The other devices I've had took some time to get new updates (even security patches) due to the convoluted steps needed to get the software to work with all the mods made by the manufacturer.  This should be much faster.

Main reason for me not giving it a 5 star rating is the camera. It was improved with updates, but it still had problems focusing, especially indoors, it had a lag that made me miss what I wanted to capture.Another thing that I found was the speaker was not loud enough, especially when I compared it to a Moto X.I also had problems making and receiving phone calls, but that might a problem with my carrier, Sprint.The screen is good, but compared to other phones like the LG G2 it looks not as good.Just about everything else was good.I returned it and I am planning to get a Moto X which my wife owns and I like better.

Very happy with this phone. Its fast,screen is amazing, android 4.4 kit Kat features are amazing on this phone. Camera and HDR+ are really good!

I've had lots of smartphones, including the iphone 4s.  This phone is by far the best!  One thing you may want to consider is that this phone is compatible with Sprint's new &#34;Spark 4G LTE&#34; coverage.  It's one of six phones currently compatible.  The battery lasts and charges really quick just like the iphone.  It's very versatile and the power of this phone is indisputable.

Best phone I owned so far. Battery lasts me 22+ on stand by with minimal usage. I recommend getting the 32gb version, as I can see people going through the 16gb pretty quickly. Note: this is a bare bones phone. That means it has very little  bloatware, but also no Sense(like)UI. But that's an advantage. You can then pick n choose apps u like and want. The Google voice feature is remarkably accurate. The swype keyboard input is more intuitive than the one on the htc evo. But takes a few tries to get used to. NFC is flawless on this. I'm finding new features on this phone everyday. Highly recommend this phone.I got mine here on amazon for $30 with 2 yr contract with my carrier, Sprint. Sprint unveiled their SPARK network which is an enhanced lte. I was able to unlock the 2 bands associated with this new spark network. I am in NYC, and get better bandwidth than all of my friends who are on verizon/tmonile/att, a steady 15-20MB down, and 10 up and I have clocked at as high as 50-60GB. As they roll out more towers it will support 100+ MB over their radio signal. There are only 4 other phones that support SPARK, the Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini, Galaxy Mega, HTC One Max, and LG G2.If this deal is still available. JUMP ON IT! Otherwise get the 32GB from google's website. My order came in from amazon literally in 2 days with standard shipping, as it almost always does with amazon. Can't say enough good things about amazon and this product. def get a case for it though, but any techie knows that. I got SUPCASE Google Nexus 5 Unicorn Beetle Premium Hybrid Protective Case (Black/Black), also through amazon. it was on sale, the openings for the ports are perfect size, and above all else the power and volume buttons are also covered by the case, thus protecting it. Follow this link:SUPCASE Google Nexus 5 Unicorn Beetle Premium Hybrid Protective Case (Black/Black) - Not Fit LG Google Nexus 4Hope this review helps u people. GET THIS PHONE, you wont be disappointed!

This is by far the best Android phone I've ever owned. It's beautiful, fast, & updates come straight from Google.

Previously I had Nexus 4 which was the perfect phone with excellent combination of design, power and functions.Recently I purchased Nexus 5 and I can say that it Is even more than Nexus 4, its solid design and power is fascinating, light weight and smooth performance - gorgeous.Overall I can ay that this smartphone by Google and LG is: NEXUS 5 = STATE-OF-THE-ART PHONE...

Scary smart! Love it! Very happy I chose this over the iPhone. Love the camera. Great pics. Very durable too.

This is by far the best phone that I've ever owned!  And the best part is that it's only going to get better as releases are fed to it!  My only con to it is that I wish third party devs where allowed more access to the kit kat OS.  Some of the things in the KK launcher would be really nice if they could be incorporated into third party launchers like Nova.  It's not really a con but I wish the 32GB model was available to carriers.  I can manage with the 16GB one but it would have been nicer to have that extra freedom!

Arrival of group text mesages is greatly delayed. The time of arrival of the messages is inaccurate. I don't like that.

Overall, this phone does most of what it needs to do: make phone calls, send text messages, connect to the internet (sometimes). Sending picture messages, however, not something this phone can do. Secondly, this may be on Sprints part, the phone loses phone service and disconnects itself from wi-fi for a while. I'd say no more than 10 seconds. Lastly, the volume button seems a bit loose and I can hear it rattle whenever I press against the phone's screen. Nevertheless, it's a still a reliable phone. It's quick and was relatively cheap

Upgraded from a Galaxy S III and I couldn't be more pleased.  There is no lag, it's very fast, battery lasts all day with normal usage.  The photo-sphere feature is awesome.  If you use Google software products, this is the perfect device for all of it.

Took a few days to get used to, coming from a windows OS.Phone is sleek and looks great.Fast and powerful software, no lag problems when operating.WiFi works super well. I've had some really quick downloads and updates.Camera is very good and takes crisp images.Battery life can last a day (16 hrs) or so without a lot of data usage (I.e. streaming videos) and a little as 2 hours with constant video streaming and a bad connectionI definitely think this phone is worth a 2 year contract and will probably still be quite good when the contract is up.

Excellent device! So fast and smooth. Absolutely the best smartphone I have ever owned. The LG Google Nexus is Android at its best!

i love my nexus 5, best phone ever! light weight & snappy and packed with tech its just perfect imo

Clean and simple Android experience.  Amazon has the best deal going for this phone...better than Sprint.  Camera is comparable to the iPhone 5C.  Perfect phone for people who use a lot of Google services.

From the perspective of a life long nerd, this phone was everything I hoped it would be.  Besides the great specs and low price, the fact that it is a Nexus device has me looking forward to years of prompt software updates directly from Google.

Premier Google phone and it shows. Rock solid and very zippy. KitKat is a huge plus with deep Google integration.

I really liked this phone.  Switching from an iphone, this was a huge upgrade.  Not only in terms of screen size, but also in ease of use.  However, the screen shattered internally while the phone was in my pocket in the car.  Of the 10+ phones I have owned, this is the ONLY phone I have ever had that broke, and given the situation, it clearly seems like a defect (search this problem).  Sent the phone in for repair, LG tells me phone never had a warranty although purchased new from Amazon, board is bent, and makes no mention of the screen.  Cost of a new phone for repair.  Never again LG, never again.

Great phone that does not contain all the bloatware and price like other phones.  Came from a Samsung S4 and this phone is much better.

Definitely my best phone ever! Camera is OK but the phone is great! Plus I only paid $35 for it, can't beat that!

Love this phone.  Far faster than the HTC android phones I had become used to.  The only thing I consider a down side is that the nexus 5 does not support an SD card, I haven't missed it though.  Basically, if you hate bloatware and want to get android updates as quickly as possible the you should absolutely buy this phone.

So far its a great phone! Sometimes the reception is a bit wonky but I hear that might be a sim card issue.

Totally underrated. Android OS is best when all the other bloatware is gone. Takes great low light photos. Fits great in your hand, not too big. Highly recommended!

I was upgrading from a nexus s I have had since inception 3 yrs ago. Having to upgrade because my phone was not lte compatiable. While this phone had blazing fast internet speed and was not loaded with a lot of junk, the phone service was terrible. I exchanged it for another thinking it was a known speaker issue for this model phone but replacement was just as bad. The voice calls would go in and out (choppy) when there was service at all. Sometimes I could not hear at all or vice versa they could not hear me. I was within my 14 days so exchange was not a problem. I bought the Galaxy 5 which is just as good a phone if not better, Only if it were not loaded with so many non essential apps. Amazon customer service helped me throughout this whole ordeal which was greatly appreciated since I am not a tech savvy shopper.

My new Nexus completely exceeded my expectations. I was worried that the increase in size over my old HTC phone would be off-putting, but it's imperceptible in the hand.Absolutely a recommend for anyone looking for a gorgeous and easy to use phone.

The screen is huge, but still fits in my pocket, and crystal clear.  The processor is wicked fast for gaming.  The android operating system is very user friendly and easy to customize.  The call clarity is great.  The speakers are loud enough to not need external speakers when you're listening to music.  Camera takes great pictures (and then I took the protective film off and it takes AMAZING pictures)The charging jack is &#34;upside-down&#34; when compared to my previous smart phone (LG Viper), but that just takes a little retraining on my part.  Battery life is great, but of course it is, it's new... lolI also got the &#34;Poetic Slimbook Case&#34; for it, which is (in one word) amazing.  Perfect if you want to take a credit card, ID, and a little cash, and leave the bulky purse/wallet at home.

I got this for my wife and I am now jealous. It is fast and responsive and has none of the bloatware from Samsung. Great price for a great phone!
