
Nic phone but still 3 on 5.

The performance of the phone is very good.  Most likely on par with all the major premium phones.  The problems I have had is with the glass used for the screen.  I purchased two of these phones, one for myself and one for my wife.The wife dropped hers and the screen shattered, despite the phone being in a case.  I chalked this up as annoying but possibly just bad luck.  Perhaps it hit at just the right angle.Now with my own device, I am experiencing scratches in the screen.  I have not had any major drops and I am not certain what caused the scratches, but it is concerning.  This isn't our first smart phones, we have previously used Motorola products (four years with a Droid and Bionic) and have never experienced broken or scratched screens.The phone uses Gorilla Glass 3, I am curious how it is performing in other devices?  For my experience in the Nexus 5, it has been quite a disappointment.

I bought nexus 5, about 50 days ago from google play store online. Three days later, I accidentally dropped the phone from only two feet high on flat plastic tile (it fell off fron my y-sherts poket when I pick up somting) but the screen glass shattered. I called google to explain them, the google representative transfer phone to LG company. They charged $170 to replace the screen which is half of new phone price.I received the phone two weeks later. The phone is not receiving signal from T-mobile sometimes received one or two bar of low signal but that was E or H signal which is very slow, not even 3G, 4G nor LTE. I did not get any signals indoor at all. I called LG service again to explain, they told me to return the phone again to their service center with provided return label which was not overnight service it was Fedex ground service. I have to wait another two weeks to received my cellphone back.Two weeks later I received phone back from LG but it was same condition. I seems they did not even looked at it. it did not received any strong or fast signal from t-mobile. I called LG again, they told me same thing like two weeks ago. &#34;Send it back to LG&#34;.I bought nexus5 I used it for three days, I could not used my phone for more than a month now. LG seems not care, they will send me another ground shipping label to send it back, I have to wait another two weeks. I will never buy LG product again. it broke very easily and their service is very bad.One more, even if evrythig fine, you can not see the screen horizentally while you are wearing sunglases. You can see only black screen untill you turn it to vertical position!!!

I bought the cell phone last month.It's pretty good, convenient design, good shape,it's your best choice, please.it's unlocked cell phone.

WOW. I absolutely love this phone. So smart and easy to use. Can't believe how quick it is. The instructions you can find on-line, but it's such straight forward to use.The camera is amazing, out of this world. The speakers are so clear and using it on the internet as a tablet it's extremly quick to use.I am very pleased with my new phone, much better than the Nokia Smartphone that I used to have.

The performance, the shape, the weight and the size is really good. As soon as I get it, I received the most recent updates from Google. No complaints

This is a good phone,it is working as expected and it is nice,I bought the white nexus and I am very satisfied with it.You can have a good phone for a good price.

this is THE best off contract phone you can get.i've bought two of them already and couldn't be happier.battery life is not as good as the LG G2 or galaxy s5.. but who cares. You're paying a lot less for this phone.It will easily last 1 day with moderate use.i love the pure android experience. no lagging or freezing.

The phone is great, at first had some problems by enabling the 3g but now is fine. I just need to find a case which is hard

Three of the biggest reasons I bought this phone:1. World Phone. (Factory unlocked)2. Pure Android. (Stock KitKat)3. Affordability (only $350?! WOW)All the other android phones have skins that the manufacturers lay on top of these smartphones which creates TONS of problems, any android veteran will understand what I'm saying. loving the phone so far, silky smooth, and frightfully fast, only downside are the external speakers which aren't loud enough and mediocre at best... other that lovely experience so far no complaints!!!!

I was really excited to buy the Nexus 5, and stuck with a half broken phone for months waiting for it. After using it for several months in 2 different networks in 2 countries this is how I feel.The processor is fast and the touch screen is responsive. The camera takes decent pictures. The OS is mostly good...However, it is bogged down by the worst messaging program i have ever used: Hangouts. Hangouts does not (1) tell you when you are online, (2) allow you to set a status, (3) reliably tell you when others are online, (4) tell you others' statuses, (5) send your messages in real time / tell you when they are sent, (6) receive messages in real time, or (7) display received messages properly (it may just not update all the messages in a conversation). Oh and you cannot uninstall it. The response from Google to all the complaints from users is a patronizing &#34;you don't understand how great it is&#34;. Sure you can get another SMS program, but the Google Talk app is irrevocably replaced with this turd. So forget 'instant' messaging as a means of reliable communication.Also, the GPS often takes way too long to tell you where you are. Sometimes 5-10 minutes after hitting the location button on google maps.I have had to hard reset once already because of some 'sync' problem with my Google account. (2 hours of tech support was no help.) I had problems even making phone calls because it was not properly communicating with its cloud-dwelling overlord. Google's charge for providing 'free' services is that you remain permanently tethered to their servers as the phone will not function at all (not even phone calls) if you are not logged in.Google Now has some neat features, but most boil down to 3 clicks and a small amount of typing being reduced to 2 and a verbal command (*if you are in a quiet enough place). Novelty you will get over very quickly.I understand that some of these, particularly the Hangout problems, are going to be problems on any Kitkat-running android phone, but I am yet to find a way to dump KitKat from this phone.

Glichty but no surprise here.  Love Google products and this is no exception to happiness re: cell phones.  BTW....quite beautiful in it's design.

Good!

PROS- Nice screen- Cool OS after you get used too (not intuitive enough though)CONS- Screen to big to use with one hand- Battery sucksDo not recommend

My wife bought the LG G2 at the same time I bought the Nexus 5. Clearly both phones are really impresive. But right now she's really upset with the LG G2, and she want to have a Nexus 5. I'm really glad to make the decision of buying the Nexus. Amazing display, fast as hell, good looking, and the Android 4.4.2 give a plus on usability and friendlyness. Battery isn't the best feature but is quite good.

Google Nexus 5 used very comfortable and safe. it's particularly great if this phone send a earphone. I like this phone.

i ordered a nexus 5 and i just worked with it for 2 days then it turned off and is not working again i need to return this item from egypt and i need a refund

Awesome mobile with great looks and features. Even better than samsung galaxy. Phone provided without earphone.Everthing else is good. Enjoy

I have two day with this nexus 5 is nice, i Don't like Android but this phone it's awesome. the screen is very very beautifull. Thanks Tromo Electronics. I am from Venezuela.

I bought about 6 units for my 2 kids and their friends, all satisfied, it was their choice and I liked it too

really just a great phone i switch from the iPhone 5s and i dont regret a thing great change. must buy

One short and sweet one liner -&#62; Nexus 5 is literally a big brother of iPhone 5s. Its as beautiful as black iPhone 5S and Kitkat OS is on par (actually better) with iOS. You can say its bigger iPhone (I mean it) because Android OS is more flexible, customizable and powerful and it is bigger than in size like its big brother. The bigger size definitely helps in games and all kind of media consumption.This device performance is buttery smooth and the overall experience inspires utmost satisfaction. Given its size it feels so light and slim even compared to iPhone 5/5s.It is not even best nexus device so far but best out yet among all.And now I will explain it.--------------------------1. Design, look and build quality-&#62; I differ here from most reviewers who says its plain or boring and nothing stands out of this. Its as good looking as black (space gray) iPhone 5S. Its all black like iPhone 5s. Though its made of plastic its feels sturdy, well built with precision only known to Apple. And for the people who tell iPhone made of aluminum, Nexus 5 sides appears no inferior to iPhone 5S black sides. The front glass is very well fused with the body with almost no gaps. Now what we are left with? Back? The back of Nexus 5 is though made of plastic it feels very good in the hand and due to its matte finish does not seem to slip off.Now one step further...iPhone 5S black (or space gray) seems to have identity crisis of being black or something else, Nexus 5 black is perfectly black and it has got radically different sides (not plain round rectangle which all other smartphones have). The sides are beautifully something else.iPhone 5S beauty is revealing and Nexus 5 beauty being black is mysterious and never gets boring.I love this black beauty and don't blame for my taste as they said &#34;beauty lies in the eyes of beholders&#34;.&#34;Simplicity is Beauty and Beauty is simplicity, nothing more, nothing less.&#34; - Oscar Wilde. If any phone on the market lives up to the Oscar Wilde's quote its Nexus 5.In short its unapologetically simple&#34;.2. Processor/speed-&#62; Buttery/silky smooth. Neck to neck with iPhone 5s and second only to Note 3 for all practical purposes.3. Screen/display-&#62; Awesome. Its better than retina any time as its full HD. The feeling of display being washed up goes away very soon and remember the so called best retina have the same problem as they share the same display technology.4. Ecosystem-&#62; Android eco system is as good as Apple's. In fact I find it better because of Android OS power you have kind of powerful applications which Apple fan boys can never have. Apple fan boys just give a try to 'tasker' (Warning: Only if you can handle Android's raw power.)5. Powerful Soul-&#62; &#34;Fools are those who don't want their souls to be powerful.&#34; Its as good as iOS but better why? because its powerful and customizable. You can do the things with it when you need. Its no way comparable to inferior iOS. Apple fan boys! People should not be proud of a system which does not even let them change default for anything.6. Call Quality -&#62; Fantastic. I have never had so clear voice on call for very long.7. Network Signal Quality -&#62; Fantastic.8. Volume/Speaker-&#62; Inherently the speaker is very loud. Though in some application it might sound a little short of enough but its software related problem and should be fixed in future update. I have tested the volume in many application like play and in some apps are freaking load. While playing music through play I had to cut down on the volume in car its so powerful.With headphones its fantastic. The voice quality is very superior and has no noise in it. Its as pure as it gets.9. Camera-&#62; I have seen all the comparisons of Nexus 5 with all leading phones (HTC one, Nokia Lumia, iPhone 5s, Samsung Galaxy S4) and its competing neck to neck in every department except its little slow to focus. But once it focus it takes very good images. HDR+ beats all other phones (I swear it). But again Google admitted it was software related issue and would be fixed soon through update. Personally I am pretty satisfied with the camera.Its at least best nexus phone camera and comparable to others except in little slower to focus. The photos are very detailed with accurate colors.Note: I have uploaded some photos for reference.10. Battery-&#62; No complaints. Nothing great or bad here. Its definitely better than many old phones (including galaxy nexus) and equal to many others.It just falls short of only two smart phones right now which are LG G2 and Note 3. But it's battery is comparable to the best smartphone i.e. iPhone 5s. So if iPhone 5S can be the best with that kind of battery I don't understand how we could complain of Nexus 5. For casual usage you will charging it once a day. The noticeable thing is that in idle mode it does not eat battery at all and that's where it will average out better end of the day.11. Reparability-&#62; iFixit has given its 8 of 10 in this department and you should feel comfortable saving your money on costly repair by doing many things yourself and the whole assembly is modular.Summary-&#62; Even keeping its lower price aside, Its the one of best smart phone and should equal or better any best smart phone on the planet right now. And you add advantage of lower price...

I really love it, it feel great on hands, excellent screen resolution and incredible speed.It work really well for Venezuela operators

I am very disappointed to pay more for a nexus 5 white and they sent me a black one, I feel cheated.

Nice celu with hood price

This is the best phone I have bought. Screen is so sharp and bright. It is very powerful with Snapdragon 800. The only downside is that the stock camera app sucks so bad. I just bought another camera app for few bucks and problem solved.

Like the phone it looks cool, had the phone for a couple of months now and so far it still works amazing.

The Google Nexus 5 is the latest, fastest Android phone from Google (built by LG). Incredibly fast, light and thin - but is it as good as the iPhone 5s costing more than double the price? Read on to find out.....Firstly, a word of warning. This is a lengthy, thorough and in depth review to compare the two phones - not just trash one or the other. I personally have an iPhone 4S, iPad Air, an Apple TV and several Macs. However, I also have an open mind and limited budget.Display----------The Nexus has a stunning 5 inch HD screen with more pixels on a larger screen, and they're more densely packed. For the techies among us, the Nexus is 1080x1920 pixels and 445 pixels per inch (ppi). This clearly beats the iPhone's 4 inch retina screen at 1136x640 pixels at 336ppi.But what does this really mean? It means you get a bigger, better quality screen than an iPhone 5s (which as a fan of Apple, really surprises me). What it means, is photos and videos just look absolutely stunning, and web pages razor sharp.In short, screen quality on the Nexus is absolutely brilliant, with pure whites and super-sharp text on a larger screen. A clear winner for the Nexus.Speed---------Both Nexus and iPhones are blistering fast. Web pages display instantly, scrolling a breeze, and you can rapidly jump between apps. So not a lot in it. This is an incredibly fast device for the money.It's also worth noting both Nexus and iPhone support the super-fast 4G network as well as existing 3G. You may pay more for a 4G contract (although not from Tesco Mobile or Three), but if you want to get the best out of your phone it's a consideration.Look, Feel and Build Quality-------------------------------------Lets be honest here. The iPhone wins hands down on the top quality, hard edged aluminium industrial design from Sir Jonny Ive. It's lighter, smaller and thinner than the Nexus, and if you have smaller hands (but deeper pockets), it's a beautiful device. A top end BMW 5i compared to a Ford, Peugeot or VW Golf.The Nexus is physically larger with rounded off corners, a lightly curved rubberised back, and tough &#34;Gorilla Glass 3&#34; screen. Quietly understated, although the Nexus 5 is (on paper) very slightly heavier, (see specs below), it also &#34;feels&#34; lighter - incredibly light in the hand given the relatively huge screen size.I have to admit, the Nexus does sit nicely in the hand, feels light, and the screen is just massive - but if you're looking for top quality Android - you need to pay around double the price, and buy the HTC One (M8), but on build quality - the iPhone wins.Camera-----------Considering both have an 8 mega-pixel camera with optical image stabilisation (ie. the camera tries to compensate for shaky hands), the iPhone wins by a fair margin. Automatic zoom on the Nexus is a bit hit-and-miss. I often find you need to use the &#34;tap to focus&#34; feature, and annoyingly even this doesn't work perfectly sometimes, especially in low-light conditions where the iPhone wins.Having said that, in normal outdoor situations, it's great for quick snaps, and you can always use a &#34;proper camera&#34; if you're really serious about photography.Battery Life---------------Always difficult to tell without a head-to-head test, and even then I think it depends upon how you use the phone. Typically video over WIFI burns the battery and a review (search for &#34;V3 iPhone Nexus compare&#34; to see) has helpfully done much of the work for us.Nexus ran 7.5 hours compared to iPhone 5S at 7. So (despite other Amazon reviewer gripes), it's pretty much comparable.Having said that, today I've blitzed the phone today. Downloading Apps, searching on Google, navigating and watching videos of-and-on for the past 11 hours, and it still has 18% battery left.I'll update this review after a few months real world experience.Storage----------Nexus comes with 16 or 32Gb of storage compared to iPhone's 16, 32 or 64Gb, and neither have expandable storage. Having said that, I've lived happily with a 16Gb iPhone for nearly five years without issue, but it depends upon how you use it.Price-------For once it's absolutely black and white. Compared to the iPhone - the Nexus 5 is an absolute bargain. Fantastic value for money.What about Apps?-----------------Firstly, an App, is a small &#34;application&#34; (a program) that runs on your phone or tablet, and there's thousands available from both the Apple and Android stores. Be aware they're &#34;Apples and Pears&#34; - an Apple App will only run on an iDevice (iPhone, iPad etc), and you'll need an Android App for this phone.Many apps cost $1 - or 69p in real money, and there's thousands free (frequently advertising funded with an ad-free version for 69p). Here's my favourites:-* Mailbox. Incredibly slick mail box app (gmail only - sorry). (Free)* Go SMS pro. (Go Chat on Apple) Send and receive text messages. (Free)* QuickOffice. Edit Word, Excel and Powerpoint documents. (Free)* Evernote. Write and organise notes. Edit them on your Nexus, iPhone, iPad, PC or Mac (Free)* DropBox. Access your files, documents and photos anywhere. (Free)* Tune In Radio. Listen to 1,000s of radio stations world-wide (2.40)* Spotify. Stream music for 5 a month (or free with ads). Brilliant! (Free)* eBay. Buy and sell your stuff while you're out and about. (Free)* Zite. Online web magazine that learns what you like. Terrific! (Free)* Movies by Flixter. Read reviews of films on cinema and DVD. (Free)* Kindle. Read your books from Amazon Kindle bookstore. (Free)* 1Password (reader). Read only access to passwords. (Free)Note: All of the above without exception are available on Apple and Android, and some (Evernote, Spotify, DropBox and Box) also run on PCs and Macs.So to my mind - it's a draw. OK, so it's common knowledge that many new apps (typically games) are first launched on the iPhone first, but the market for Android Apps has matured, finally catching up with Apple.Admittedly, I do find iPhone versions of Apps tend to be slightly better versions, as they seem to be launched on Apple first, and Android second, but the difference is not crippling.Viruses - Apple Vs Android------------------------------Unlike Apple who stop you buying Apps from anywhere else, on Android you CAN buy Apps from the equivalent of a &#34;dodgy bloke in the pub&#34; - or indeed reputable companies like Amazon. It's up to you really.On Android, if you try to install an app off the internet you get the message &#34;For security, your phone is set to block installation of applications not obtained from the Android Market&#34;. You can unset this on &#34;Settings --&#62; Applications --&#62; Unknown sources.In short, if you get a free copy of an App by mail or a web site and you ignore the warnings and install it - you risk getting a virus. It's your call.Operating System---------------------The Nexus runs Android whereas Apple run iOS. Personally I think much is down to taste and what you're used to.Worth noting however, is the Nexus is one of the few Android phones which aren't loaded with additional &#34;bloatware&#34; rubbish. Samsung for example, load their phones with a confusing (and unnecessary) &#34;Touch Wiz&#34; interface to differentiate their offering. Personally I'd always stick to a Google Android device. As well as avoiding the useless bells and whistles, you get upgrades direct from Google. Other phones often take months to provide upgrades (sometimes never). Worth knowing, if you're considering another Android phone.The statistics-------------In common with Apple, I've tried to avoid quoting &#34;the numbers&#34; except to illustrate a difference as pure stats can often misleading. But for those who like to compare:-GOOGLE NEXUS 5OS: Android 4.4.2 (KitKat)CPU: Quad core 2.27Ghz Snapdragon 800Space: 16g or 32gScreen: 5 inch (diagonal) , 1920x1080 (HD) display with 445 pixels per inchCamera: 8 MP with Optical Image StabilisationSize: 137.9 x 69.2 x 8.6 mm - very thin bezel, almost all screenWeight: 130gAPPLE iPHONE 5sOS: Apple iOS (7.1)CPU: A7 chip with 64 bit architectureSpace: 16g, 32g or 64gScreen: 4 inch (diagonal), 1136x640 with 326 pixels per inchCamera: 8MP with Optical Image StabilisationSize: 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6 mmWeight: 112gOverall Conclusion--------------------Well, I guess in conclusion I bought a Nexus not an iPhone, and that says it all.On balance, the Nexus 5 is:-* Blisteringly fast* Has a beautifully clear, large display (without being silly)* Runs an excellent version of Android (direct from Google so bang-up-to-date and without bloatware)* Runs all the Apps I already run on my iPhone* Is MUCH cheaper!Lets be honest, if I had cash to burn, I'd love an iPhone 5s (or even better a 6). I think the iPhone is a beautiful example of industrial design with top end build quality. Add to that the superb integration with the iPad, Mac and Apple TV, not to mention the security of the touch ID fingerprint scanner, and I can understand why they charge more.If you really can't stand Apple (or think the iPhone screen size is too small. but have the money, I'd also consider the HTC One (H5). Apple quality build on Android.However, at this price, it's a steal. Absolutely astonishing value for money, and highly recommended. Buy it!

Item was received in a timely manner and met EVERY expectation I had. This is an excellent phone and 1 I would recommend to anyone

Every time I get a new phone it is a lot better than the previous one...no big surprise.  Really, this one seems to be very good.  It is my first android based phone, so it will take some time for me to get used to it, but so far, so good.  Buy it.

if you are in doubt whether to pick this or a samsung s4 i would totally recommend this one instead, good price for better features

recommended

Pretty good.

phone is in very good condition looks almost brand new it came with box,charger,manuals. but sad there was no headset :/

very easy interface for a sixtie years old man...the photo programs are not so easy to run because too many stages

This is a great phone at a great price. Easy to use. Performs all tasks required. Android is the best and easiest to use!

everything as expecred. phone is working peerfectly and is really fast. it is what my wife needed. it has great caracteristics

Very friendly and easy to use.My son switched from iPhone 4 to this Nexus5 and he is Very happy with the new smartphone.Access point definition was required in order to work with Israel Orange, but it's nothing, only few system definition by the user level.

Great Shipping, very fast..this phone is greatthe sound in bad...the battery, to achieve load day, you have to sacrifice a lot of settings to extend the life of energyIt is fast, powerful, fluid and a great screen

Good in almoust every area but have a few issues, speaker low many people tell me have problema to hear me well, does not come with an integrated widget for flash to use it like flash light, comes without earphone, the charger is only 1.200 mili amps and not 2000 mili amps like almoust every pone of his category.

The nexus 5 rocks . Works smooth . I love the fact that it is pure android and that it get update first. Already I have received android 4.4.2 . The phone is not heavy, has a solid built. and very fast, apps load instantly. no sticking . This phone is a great buy for anyone in the market for a new phone.

I wish Google had had this item in stock, as this costs more than retail. That said, it arrived a day earlier than it was slated to, and it works perfectly. Broke my Galaxy S4 and needed a new phone mid contract. Very comparable and it feels kind of exclusive because it's technically a 'developer device'. The packaging had tape all over it, as if it had been previously opened, but no sign of anyone doing that. I just like mint packaging. 100% satisfied with my purchase.

I bought this from the Play Store in order to get it at the more reasonable price ($349 before tax/S+H). Sure it's not a Galaxy S series phone, or an HTC One, however for the price, you get a phone that is on par with it's pricer competition. Sure, it has no micro-SD card or removable battery (which for some is a deal breaker), but for those of us that aren't trying to store 2TB of data on a phone, I don't see anything wrong with the phone not coming with the support to have expandable storage. The same logic applies to the battery, as unless you're using it to watch the entire series of Lord of the Rings all day every day, the lifespan, and charge time is fine for normal use (and improves after a couple of weeks after taking it out of the box as the system calibrates). The speaker is a little bit weak, i will admit, however it works fine for normal use (speakerphone). Though as an audiophile, I prefer to use earbuds for listening on a device anyway, as it gives better sound.[LG D820 Google Nexus 5 GSM 16GB Black: Unlocked & Rooted]

At almost the same size of my previous Galaxy Nexus and with less weight, it packs a bigger, brighter screen. The perfect recipient for the latest Android version.

The phone is very beautiful and slick and Android Kit Kat (4.4) has a very clean touch to it.The phone's camera takes a few seconds to focus, so this phone isn't suitable for people who want to snap quick pics.

I love my new nexus!!! Its really a very good phone and I love it!!! :) nothing bad to say

In some simple words, this phone is so nice, fast and cheap! I totally recommend it for everyone who enjoys android :-)

Nexus 5 is a great cellular. It works smoothly.The price is very competitive comparing to other leading brands in the industry.

I Live this Iphone . the desing the screen , all only a better camera make this a perfect smartphone

all OK!

he Specs for this phone, model D820 are (taken from Play.Google.com) Network 2G/3G/4G LTE GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHzIt's amazing the quality of the camera. resolution of the screen. the system. all is perfect

First of all, pure andriod and you get the latest updates from google as soon as it is released and you don't have to wait 6-12 months to get it on your samsung GS 4 and htc and other manufactures.I had a galaxy gs4 and purchased this phone until the next galaxy gs5 comes out cause i broke the screen on my GS4.. Never going to get anything else besides a nexus from now on. I still really like the gs5 but the touchwiz and other bloatware on the samsung make it a little laggy and uncomfortable. Apps open so fast and web browsing is much smoother on the nexus. You won't be disappointed.
