
i was reviewing the phone specification was not able to fine the details of GSM or not ,. Can you confrim if this Phone is GSM phone ?

Cant say anything bad about it besides the medium lasting battery and the bad speakers which my friends always make fun of when i play a song or whatever on my phone. Its okay for calls but dont expect anything than that... still it's the best phone i layed my hands on.

This phone is the best you can buy comparing to other very expensive and with similiar characteristics. It has latest version of Android Kit Kat and actually I have recived the 4.4.2 actualization automaticaly.

Works perfectly!

I'm currently in HondurasPerfect ConditionLoads games really fastPictures a greatI recommend this if you travel overseas a lot

The cell phone is very good and contfortablte. Thank you very much you were very helpfull. If there were also accesories to the phne, that would be better

I do not struggle with more complicated phones but wanted something that was more simple to use. The display is the best on the market. The sound is good but it would have been nice if it could go a bit louder. Battery life lasts me throughout the day with one charge every night. It's extremely fast and has high speed internet capabilities. I even loved the design. However I would buy it straight from google because it is cheaper. I purchased the black case from google and it works good with the wireless charger they have. I strongly reccomend the invisishield screen protector. Oh and I forgot to mention this does not come loaded with all those carrier apps

the nexus 5 is very powerful and quite cheap for the price. Its a shame it has no micro sd or built in fm radio.The rest is awesome

This phone won't turn on. It has a problem with power button. It always turn off by itself, I don't recommended this phone. Sorry for the grammar mistake .but I'm very upset because of this problem.

Surprisingly good camera. Great pictures and excellent embedded image processing software.Overall performance beyond my expectations.Reasonable battery duration.Responsive interface.

I love my phone. Used to have a galaxy SIII, and let me tell you while they keep making this ones like that and better I'll stick with the nexus family.

For the price you won't find a better unlocked smartphone, period. It feels great in your hands thanks to the shape and the soft-ish black plastic, it's lightning fast of course, the screen looks brilliant, and the camera, despite what many might tell you, works like a charm (though I say this coming from an old iPhone 4G); sure it won't replace your DSLR but I'm not looking to make masterpieces with this thing, I just need it to take clear pictures in lots of situations and it has that covered.But with the low price comes a few natural annoyances due to cutting corners on Google's part. The battery life is not great, and though it CAN last you through a typical work day, it only lasts by the skin of its teeth despite very light use. The speakers are pretty weak; though they can fill a quiet room, they're pretty easily silenced by competing noise. There's also the fact that every once in a while I find it completely turned off, even though it's nearly full power. It just decided to turn itself off, who knows why.But once again, looking back at the price this phone is in a league of its own, and what few downsides it has can easily be forgiven and forgotten. If you want a taste of the premium smartphone experience for less than half the price of, well, a premium smartphone, this should be your first choice, no question.

Since the first time google started with Nexus phones I have been using them.With this phone you will not go wrong at all; you would say there are other more capable phones on the market with same android system, but let me tell one important thing. All android system and phones are update dependent if you don't have the updated system you will have lot of problems. Google phones are the first phones to get the updates.I couldn't find anything wrong with this new Nexus (5), worth mentioning.

Got this phone for my daughter and it is a well made phone except for the fact that battery life is NOT GOOD. Keep this in mind as you buy this, it will not last an entire day of heavy use, keep a charger nearby! :-)

It's Great.Very good.I just love it.Apple & Samsung please move over there is a new kid on the block.

This phone is awesome, the best phone that I had have. Buy it!!

Excellent and a very fastThe sleek design weight of the device is also extremely light 130 gramsHigh-resolution screen

Great performance. Huge screen. High definition. Light weight. Powerfull device that meet my demands and more.  Best value for your money.

I have had this phone for a little over a month. Previously had an iPhone 4S. My thoughts so far:The good1. Very light. It weighs hardly anything.2. Good screen size. My iPhone looks SO SMALL now. I could never go back to having a screen that size.3. Not only is it a great size, the clarity is fantastic. Great display.4. The android software. MUCH MUCH better than 2-3 years ago when I last had an Android phone. It really has caught up to iOS. No complaints really.5. The speed. Takes no time at all to start up after you turn it on. Processing time seems very quick too. Makes my iPhone look slow in comparison.The ok:The camera. When the lighting isn't good, the picture doesn't generally come out well.The somewhat frustrating:The battery can quickly drain. This is usually due to an app I'm unaware of running. The easy solution is to stop the app obviously but if I'm not using my phone, it is sometimes an unpleasant surprise to see my phone battery has drained significantly in the last couple hours I haven't used it at all. Never had this problem with my iPhone...Also, there are a couple apps that I had on my iPhone that are not available for Androids. Not the phone's fault obviously, but it is a small price to pay for having an Android phone.Overall it is a great deal. I bought it from t-mobile for $376 (including tax and shipping), which is about what you'd pay buying it from Google (which is $350, but you pay for shipping). Given the iPhone's significantly higher price, I have no idea why someone would get one these days. The Nexus 5 is great and I haven't missed my iPhone.

Good product. Amazing phone.Price OK considering it was not from Google play store...Otherwise no problem this came in time and in shape.

Excellent phone. Light weight, very fast, big screen with good resolution, and the size is perfect for your pockets. Thought the camera could be better

Best phone I have ever. Updates have made the battery and camera much better.

Horrible customer service from LG... numerous problems with phone; I would recommend waiting for another Nexus device which is not made by LG. I wish I didn't have to say that because I own many LG products including a refrigerator and television which have been great but once you have to call their customer service you will understand.We had a screen replaced but paid for the phone to be fully refurbished... it was sent to us and as soon as I opened the package and started setting it up I noticed the vibrator motor was making a really loud noise. I contacted their customer service and even though I just paid for this phone to be refurbished and returned now I have to wait another three weeks for them to &#34;inspect&#34; it again. Their quality control must be a disgrace if they checked this phone and sent it to me as is.

I think this is one of the best deals. I got this phone as I am just tired of 2 year contracts. It's my first unlocked phone, and it is awesome. I signed up with straight talk with it and so far its awesome. (Straight talk is also awesome at 45$ a month)The phone is fast, smooth and doesn't everything you need. It's as simple as that. I don't need a phone to change my tv channel(GS4). I have no issues with its look, I ready its boring..not my thought. I think it is just fine looks good, and I love my black front, and white black.The camera is good, you can take video and tap the screen to take a picture when taking video, which is cool.

the best cell phone I've had. I had a samsung galaxy ace (my first smart phone) and it was good but for actiidades did was not enough. The nexus 5 is super fast, it sticks or not currently logged, you have first of all android updates first than any other team. Buy it, excellent price and high-end equipment

This is my first smartphone (no I wasn't on another planet for the last few years) so I have nothing to compare it too but this phone is easy to use (though it did take a little getting use to but watching youtube how-to vids made a difference) and good quality. It's fast. It's stylish and I like the layout.Though the battery life is crap lasting often less than a day. This I suspect is because of the very fast processor which drains electricity like crazy (hardware is a huge plus on this phone) and not the fault of the battery. I wish Nexus gave the option of a longer lasting battery.The camera feature is really nice. The photos are of equal quality as my cheap 12 megapixel Kodak phone and just as easy to use. There are lots of features on this phone which I have only recently began to learn how to use. Some are really tricky to use but most are easy and make sense.I like the phone and got a free pair of Dr. Dre Beats Headphones with it which was really cool.

Great device! the display is incredibly beautiful! I highly recommend this phone for all of the specs and great features that it comes with.My only concern is the battery... Every time I check it is lower and lower and I almost dont use it a lot... I'm hoping that futures updates can fix this problem with the battery life.Everything else is just... perfect

Ok so only day 4 with it and I am so angry because I gave my money for this phone that keeps getting missed calls. The power button sometimes doesn't unlocks the screen, and there is NO OTHER WAY to unlock the screen, the sound for calls is really bad my friends have told me, 16GB is a LIE, I went to settings storage and is only 12gb wow I got so angry because with all the system apps from google and android is only 10gb left to put apps and music. I let myself guide for all the good reviews and when I started having troubles I decided to read the bad reviews and is all that happens to me.If a phone is not even good for receiving calls so is a phone that should never be in the market, also has a terrible signal even my itouch is faster when opening pages on the browser.My advice is be careful when buying something, search a list of flaws on the phone brand you wanna buy and you will get a better idea of what it really is. The nexus 5 is just an experiment and the ones who buy are just the guinea pigs.

Nexus 5 is just amazing. Every single detail talk about that. Faster, lighter and shipper than any other high level smartphone.

Bought this as a gift, the perosn was extremely excited, loved the phone, the speed, look and feel. The only problem was they had to buy a micro chip and there was some issue changing out the chip which was originally attacjed to a blackberry phone.

I initially purchased this directly from the Google website. It seems to be about $50 or more here. One of the only features I wished it has is the ability to display animated gifts in the gallery. I also own the Nexus 10. Excellent tablet as well. The other feature that is missing that I had with the Windows phone I tried out and the Galaxy Note 8 is the ability to set your device on vibrate with just one touch instead of having to lower the volume button all the way down. Other than that, this device is golden. It's fast! The screen is very high res and touch is very sensitive. I like that you can order it in different colors. The sound is excellent although I have trouble understanding the design of a lot of these companies putting both speakers at the bottom instead of each side like the Nexus 10 and other Samsung products as well. How can you call it true stereo when all the sound is produced on the same side? Kind if diminishes the stereo effect. And what's with everyone rating a device low because of battery life? I have to say that I am very surprised if these devices last longer than 5 or 6 hours with constant play. And I noticed with this phone if I am just checking email or messaging periodically during the day, the battery will last all the same day through the next morning before I have to charge it again. Also, if I use it constantly all day playing and making phone calls, as I stated above, it still holds a charge for most of the day. To me, this is excellent battery life. I don't see where most if you think our battery technology should be by now. These devices take up a lot if juice especially while the screen is on. So if you want your battery power to last, don't play games on it all day or use apps that take a lot of memory cycles and keep the screen on. Be sure to charge your device ONLY when it has run down the battery very low and then let it charge 100% before you are on the go again. I know most of us are in a hurry and don't want to take the time to use these units correctly. Then we blame it on the unit or the battery. Use the correct charger also, not just anything that will plug in! I find this phone seems to charge within 4-6 hours and I think that's great for these units. It also has built in wireless charging capability which I have yet to try! You can also purchase the external battery packs that will keep the unit charged when you're on the go. I find those very helpful! So good luck! Personally, I love the phone. Just wished android would fix the few features I mentioned above.

Recommended. Pay attention to the battery life, specially on bad network coverage. The screen also consumes too much energy. So, I recommend reduce the bright to 50%, which is enough. I would appreciate if it have better view againt the sun. Beyond that, the device is pretty fast.

NOTE: this comes from a non-rooter.I previously had a HTC Desire HD that costed about the same as this phone two years ago when I bought it, and I didn't realize how &#34;un&#34;smart my HTC was until I finally switched over to Nexus 5.  All Tech Specs aside, this phone just runs really fast and smoothly, and fairly easy to get your hands on, even though I do have a few complaints to follow.  Since my previous phone was an Android too, my new Nexus 5 just automatically synced and picked up all the apps I downloaded to the previous phone, and I thought that was pretty smart.  Can't really tell what difference Android 4.4 makes as opposed to the really old 2.3.X that I had before, but I suppose it has better compatability with certain apps.Now the complaints, there aren't many.  I do not appreciate being forced to use Google Hangout as the source of my SMS (text message).  Once I enter into a chat, I am having a hard time telling whether I am chatting over text messaging, or a web source.  In my opinion, Hangout is a pretty versatile add-on tool to Chrome, but it has a poor user-interface.  I think the phone version of Hangout is actually a bit easier to use; the one on PC is almost impossible to use.  Great for video conference calls, but very difficult to find or add new contacts.  You basically have to type in the exact e-mail address in order to find the right person.  TMI on how I feel about Hangout, but that is why I don't like it to handle all my text messages.  I am also having a hard time figuring out how to remove apps from the phone w/o having to go through the Play store.Battery life seems moderate, definitely not impressive.  Can't comment on useful life since I only had it for a week now.  One thing I don't like though is it does not allow you to swap the battery which is the most consumed part of a phone.  I don't see how it's going to survive two years (my normal cycle for a phone) without a battery replacement.Overall, I think it's an amazing phone for its price.  Never had a top-of-the-line phone like a Samsung Note 3 or iPhone 5S, but they can't be twice as good like their price tags suggest.  Final note - you are better off buying direct from the Play store, they sell the 16GB models for $349.99, and you pay about $385 after tax and shipping.  (Sorry Amazon, you have great prices for almost everything but not on this phone lol)

Good For All

Best Android Phone out there!

I made the switch from an iPhone3 to this phone and have not been disappointed.  A good processor and large screen with good resolution.  When I look at my friend's iPhone screens, I think &#34;How can you look at that little scrunchy screen?&#34;

I think it's not perfect because the there is something wrong with the screen I don't know if it was this error from u or from the Google

First Google Nexus 5 has no manual to tell you how to set up your phone.Second, now, I am not able to install any application which complains about &#34;enabling background data&#34;. I have followed the instructions from google but nothing works. I did not know why such powerful machine can be totally ucked up by the OS.BTW, my major is computer engineering, and I also have experienced to program with Android. Don't know how Android looks to people not quite familiar with new technology. Google becomes sucks and sucks.

This is a rating for the Nexus 5 16GB only and not the Amazon vendor.  I ordered the Nexus 5 from google in early December and enjoyed it while it lasted.  It now restarts itself every 30 seconds or so with no remedy except exchange.  Safe mode or factory reset did not solve this issue.  Although the phone is pretty good, reliability is big to me and I should have known LG is still questionable when it comes to quality control.  Imagine if you bought a desktop computer and it broke in a month.  It is doubtful you would have rave reviews on its performance as you are exchanging it for a new one because it broke due to poor components and build quality.  Going back to my Lumia 920.

Over the last several years, I've owned an HTC Desire (Android), Samsung Galaxy S3 (Android), iPhone 5, and another LG Android. In my humble opinion, this phone blows them all out of the water. I'm not going to get into hardware specs because other reviewers have already covered that, and there's more to performance than hardware specs. Doesn't matter how much RAM and processing power a phone has if bloatware is using up most of it. That was my issue with other Androids.In my experience, this phone is faster, smoother, and less buggy than those other Androids. I prefer it to the iPhone 5 (well I prefer the Android OS) because:-Android has widgets-Androids are very customizable-Android is easier to develop apps for-Seamless integration with my Google accounts (Gmail, Contacts, Calendar, Wallet, Keep, Maps, Finance, Youtube, etc.).I prefer the pure Google UI interface this Nexus uses to Samsung, HTC, and other interfaces. It's just so much smoother and less bulky. The other phones came with so much bloatware. Even after rooting my S3 and deleting bloatware it was slow and choppy. I can't speak to the newer S5.I honestly have no complaints. Camera features and picture quality are awesome for a mobile phone. I especially like that it has photosphere, panorama, and blur modes built into the stock camera app. The screen is beautiful and the battery lasts longer than most other phones I own. I don't need a home, office, and car charger anymore. The Nexus 5 is great for testing apps (I'm an Android developer), although getting the ADB driver setup for testing was a bit of a pain.Ok ok, I finally thought of a negative. The one thing I like about Samsung is that the battery is easily accessible. It's not on this phone and many other newer phones, and that sucks! It doesn't bug me enough to detract a star though.

The greatest android phone you can get today. Excellent user experience, naturally operate your phone or of the box, Best value for your money!

There was no model ID in the item description.I found out it is the American model only after getting the package.

right out the bopx the phone took minutes to set up and I was using it. best phone I have brought.

Love this Phone!Love the Price too!I came from an iPhone, and this device has Made me LOVE android again!By iOS7 and Your Restrictions,  and Flamboyant icons!I'll miss your... um, 'Simplicity?'Lol.I love Android! iOS is a PRIME example of where Simplicity can become TOO simplistic and it become useless.

I have been using my phone for about 1week and I couldn't be happier with it. The price/specs ratio is great and the display is absolutely stunning. It's a really fast phone and the google operating system is simply the greatest. Great value for you money.

The phone is very good...

very very nicephone

Nexus 5 is the best cell phone I've ever had. Very good looking, perfect size, easy to use, very good apps like Google Now, no calls broken, no screen frozen, strong signal, very easy to configure (in fact, it configures it self the first time you power on).I've made the right choise

it's like having an LG G2, but with downgraded camera and battery.battery life is on par with the G2. lasts a good amount of time. easily get 2 days out of this phone thanks to its bloat free software.

Easy to use.Similar than my computer and close me all time.All in one.Good camera.Very light.Iwhould like water resistance.

great return of investment, great price for such capable pice of equipment!its speed is amazing.i just went and bought another one.

is a great phone i'm glad i decided about it, it's really fast nad the only thing that bothers me is the size but i think i can take it

The phone itself is a big deal. It is, quite simply, amazing value. Almost everything about the Nexus 5's specification is top-drawer, from its Snapdragon 800 processor to its Full HD screen and the very latest version of Android; 4.4 KitKat.Android 4.4 KitKat is also an impressive update to the operating system, which not only brings improved performance and more features, but is the first stock version of Android to look properly attractive. It is completely lag-free. Google Now has come a long way since its launch. You can just say Ok Google and get almost anything done.The camera is not excellent but also not average either. It is above average.With normal usage, I am able to squeeze out 30+ hours of battery time, including 8-9 hrs of 3G(I'm from India), music, internet surfing etc.Other phones with these kind of specifications would cost you around 550-600 bucks.The Nexus 5 isn't cheap, but it's a bargain for what you get.

I will start by saying I bought this from the Google Play store,  best price.  As far as the phone goes, in my humble opinion the best you can buy at the moment.  Android kit kat 4.2.2 is awesome, just talk to your phone and it does the rest.  Blazing fast.  I picked this phone because of the price for an unlocked phone is awesome, no more bloat wear that i can remove and do not use. phone is made by lg, my previous phone was an lg and I had no issues. I use metro pcs as my provider, live in L.A. area,  the phone works on their network 4g LTE service is great..  I highly recommend this phone, if you are looking to upgrade as I was, you will be happy.

Amazing!! is too fast. the photo are to much better than the sony xperia 13 Mp. And the processor does an incredible work. Much better than a S4.

This is my first smartphone, and I enjoy every second. Photos are really in a high quality. The connection with Google apps is convenient.

The telephone has several problems on the audio to hear conversations, i want to return it.

I am very happy with this cell phone, it is very light, fast, has very good screen, the battery lasts exactly 1 day with heavy use, very good product at a low price premium.

This phone is simply amazing!!!It,s super fast, intelligent, understand every word I say on the voice commands.Love this device, wishing already I can upgrade to the 32GB one.

I received the phone earlier than expected. It is working fine. As usual it was a pleasant experience. I hope that it gives me good service. Excellent.

this is a excellent phone, fast, beautiful screen, good camera, brand new, it doesnt sound as desired but its enought good for most of users, I dont need more than this

Amazing product. Meets all my expectation. The seller did a great job. Will definitely be preferring him over others the next time.

One of the best androids phones you can get. The price is really good but you have to get your own speakers cause it doesn't come with them.

The Pros and Cons first:Pros:Looks GreatGood value for Money, compared to Apple /SamsungEasy to Operate , once you get a hang of itThe patterned password is coolLot of Apps availableSync with gmail and other Google AppsCons:Battery charge does not last longCharge drains quickly if you play gamesPhone slows down when you play gamesPhone becomes hot when you speak for 20 mins... difficult while attending interviews or long conversationsNot very intuitiveI am not super happy with the phone, but it does quite well for the cost.

Very nice phone, you cant get a better phone for this money, Camera is not amazing, but it works, if you are looking for a better camera, this might not be your phone.

good phone, decent camera and a beautiful 5&#34; screen, though I've been using iPhones for years, this would be the only one android I'd use.

Great product! Get a quality phone for an affordable price compared to other phones out there. Plan to look at the next Nexus when it comes out.

I've been a cellphone geek since the HTC Nexus One (I lost it in a party). After that I got the Samsung Galaxy Nexus (Excellent price/quality relation). Now, after testing the iphone 5, Galaxy S4 and LG Optimus G2 I must admit: This NExus 5 rocks!!! This phone is not the best in anything, but is a good all-around phone! Good call quality, normal loudspeaker, great screen (believe me, the N5 screen smashes the iphone 5 retina display). The combination of Snapdragon 800 processor and 2gb of RAM is something from another realm: blazing-fast response, zero lag between application changes, no overheating (unlike all iphones).The camera is not bad, I came from a Gnex and I have tested the Nexus 4 and this camera is way better!!! It isn't a DSLR professional camera but it can do the job (mostly in outdoor enviroments) for parties, reunions, travels and selfies, of course! heheheheheheIf you want a good phone (in all aspects) with a excellent price/specs ratio, choose the Nexus 5. It can do the job for half the price of an iphone 5s (a good phone but the Apple guys have no sense of quality/price relation)

I purchased this phone from the Google Play store for $350. I was one of those people who knew it was coming out and waited patiently on the day of to order it right away. I was told it would take about 11 days to show up, however, I received it about 5 days later, including weekends.The phone is great. For the price (and I honestly think that this phrase undervalues the specs on the phone) you cannot get a better deal. This phone goes head to head with every top phone on the market today, and that's something that can't be said of others.I switched from an iPhone to this Android phone. If you are in the same boat Apple puts you in year after year with their controlling updates and seemingly endless process of outdating perfectly good phones so you have to buy their newest one, you should highly consider this phone. Google does an excellent job getting bugs fixed and updates out to you, and they take less than 5 minutes to install. You will be running the latest and greatest Android has to offer, and you don't have to worry about being outdated anytime soon.For $350, you can replace your current phone with the best specs on the market and opt out of renewing that awful contract. What's not to love?

A week ago, the display of my HTC ONE cracked- how I don't know.  Since it takes 2 weeks to get this fixed, I decided to purchase an auxiliary phone while the ONE was being repaired.  After using  the N5, when I get the ONE back, it'll be the auxiliary phone. The N5 is the fastest phone I've ever seen.  This is running on Straight Talk, and it screams. I just popped in the sim card from the ONE, entered a few lines of network information and was in business.  I had backed up the ONE on Google, and my contacts and many apps were  immediately on the N5.  Life is good. Reviews of this phone from late in 2013 suggested that the display was dim and the camera was slow to write to memory and had focusing problems. The display is plenty bright- you can turn up the brightness to the point it's uncomfortable.  There are no problems with the camera. It focuses fast, and memory writes are very quick.  Frankly, I have been using real cameras to take photos for 60 years now, and I don't use cell phones for photography. Using a cell phone for photography is like taking a knife to a gun fight.  But I did try the thing out, and it's better than  the HTC ONE camera. Further, this is an unlocked phone, there is no bloatware, yes it pushes Google services, but Google services are OK in my book. The voice quality of the calls is as good as there is in any cell phone I know of. My only, really minor gripe is that comparing this to the HTC ONE, the N5'stransceiver is not quite as sensitive as the HTC ONE's.  This is based on dropping calls in marginal signal areas in which the HTC ONE had very poor reception, but the N5 has none. For example, the HTC ONE would answer a call in my bedroom, but I couldn't understand  the conversation without going to another room.  The N5 rings, but when I answer, there is no one there. Neither phone displays any bars in this location. The N5 is thin and light in it's plastic case. I find the N5 interface easier to use the the HTC ONE's interface. The N5 touch screen seems to interpret what my fingers are asking for better.  Also, I like the simplistic contacts application better.  This is a phone I can navigate without having to ask it 5 times to do something.  The display is large, and may be too large for some hands. I love this phone, and the price is very right.

Five stars for sure! I'me really surprised with this phone. For me is the best smartphone i've had, the processor is fast, the cmera resolution is perfect and the video in HD is awsome. The product arrived just on time and as promissed by the seller. I recomend for all amazon's customers!!!

It is a phone really unlocked. It does not have problem to work in my country. I really like ti.

This phone is amazing! It has to date the best CPU and GPU available (same as Note 3 Sony z1 and lg g2) and is only 359$ on google store!Pros:-Extremely fast everything!-unexpensive-screen is beautifull-unlocked and no crap software preinstalled.-4.4 KitKat OS-2gb of Ram-I-Blason armorbox makes a wonderfull full case for this phone.12$ get it!Cons:-Speaker is on the bottom and you will have your hand on it when watching movies or playing games sideways.-16gb is not a lot and there is no sd card reader. If i would do it again, i would go with the 32gb version at 399$-Battery last the day only and is non removable.-light sensor is on the right... Everytime im on a call and i start looking through the phone the screen goes dark because i always pass my hand close to the sensor. This will be a pro for left handed users but is really anoying for me.-There is no physical buttons. Buttons appear on the bottom of the touchscreen.This reduces the actual screen! I compared with my friends galaxy s2x 4.5in screen and without the button space the rest is almost the same size as him. Actual screen without buttons is 4.6inOverall there is no phone that has a better price to feature and quality ratio.

DELIVERY WAS FAST AND SMOOTH. THE PHONE IS REALLY NICE, FAST, AND EASY TO USE WITH ANDROID 4.4. FOR LOW TO MID DAILY USE; JUST NEED TO CHARGE BATTS ONCE A DAY. BEST CHOICE FOR THE PRICE ON THIS PHOTO, VIDEO, FINISHING, AND QUALITY RANGE.

Speed and the display is very high quality. But the camera has some area to improve. Highly recommended for all users.

This phone comes with many of the apps preloaded and is very easy to use.  If the camera had a zoom feature I would give it 5 star rating.

It's a sleek model and has very good features. The only drawback is non-availability of sms facility. No other comments

It's a Great phone for the price and would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for an Android OSCons:Low Battery Life

Great phone, updates come up immediately. Nice features and optimized for Android Kitkat (4.4.4).Received product as stated on time. Recommends to anyone.

After having the Nexus 5 for 1.5 months, I have to say that it is probably the best phone on the market right now. Every aspect of the phone is pretty astounding, except for enormous flaw--the screen shatters extremely easily.I hadn't dropped my Nexus 5 at all since receiving it, and I decided that I should get a case to protect it. I bought the Nexus 5 Bumper Case from the Google Play store. Yesterday I dropped the phone from about 3 or 4 feet, onto concrete and when I picked it up, the entire screen had shattered into a million pieces, and some of the circuitry was exposed. I had dropped my previous HTC One and other iPhones many, many more times and they had never shattered or even cracked before.The screen is unable to withstand any trauma whatsoever. After calling the Google support team, they referred me to the manufacturer, LG, who had stated that I need to send the device in to get repaired, at my own expense (shipping is also on me). The total cost to get the device repaired is around $200, including shipping.Why should I dish out $200 for them to send me the same poorly-built product? The screen will continue to break. LG needs to own up to the fact that they messed up. Do a search for 'Nexus 5 broken screen' and read all of the comments about how easy it is to break the screen. Some people have cracked the screen just from setting the device down.I am seriously considering buying a flip phone.

Muy buen tel&eacute;fono. Excelente.

This phone is awesome. Shipped fast and it ran better than my old s3 and faster than my friends s4 and iphone 5s according to him.

Although I am not a good example because I "burned" on Android (number 604 of World Android (HTC device) held it two weeks after the Android announcement 2008)The Nexus 5 I bought after disappointment from the Samsung S3, the device looks very promising, I like its simple look. Despite the major dimensions, the device is very comfortable in hand.The device does not radiate luxury, but for now the device does the job thoroughly, the final line I really enjoy working with him  which is no less important device is the world's first automatic upgrade of the operating system which is a significant advantage.LG and Google, You did a good job again and I can confirm that It works my full satisfaction.LG and Google,You have to work on lowering the price to the device is worth to every pocket, then you do not and will not be competing.I guessed at the year 2008 after the Android announcement that you will be the most widely Mobile operating system in the world, and I was right.

This is an amazing device and if you love running stock Android you'll love it.Pros:-Great price for such high specs.-Screen is amazing.-The Snapdragon 800 feels so responsive that the device truly feels alive under your fingertips.-Great call quality.-The matte finish on the back of the black model feels great and while it's really light it still feels very expensive in your hand.-Nexus gets all the updates first, and it's the ultimate tinkerer phone as nothing is easier to customize than a Nexus device.-Battery life for me has been great, but a lot of this will depend on your coverage and usage patterns so YMMV.Cons:-Speaker is only okay.  Also, don't be fooled and think there are two; the other one is actually the phone's microphone.-Camera is good but not great.I can't recommend this phone enough, but I would recommend buying it straight from Google as it will save you some money and give money right to them instead of padding the pockets of a reseller.

I never give any reviews a perfect score & I really not here. I will say that it is so close though. It is by far one of the top Android phones on the market currently & certainly the best bang for the Buck. The Nexus 5 has a great processor,  nice size screen and good quality graphics.  Life is Good if you cGoodWill this smart phone!

Awesome phone. Quick and easy to use. Love having Google maps back. Kit Kat works well, still getting used to all its abilities but so far no complaints everything my iPhone 4s could do when that was new but $200 cheaper.

excelente producto

I bought this directly from Google several months ago, once they finally caught up on their backorders.I had previously owned several Motorola phones (Atrix and Atrix HD) which I liked, but they took forever to get updates, the battery life was lacking, and they came bundled with tons of extra software that I never intended to use.  The only &#34;bundled&#34; software with the Nexus 5 is the standard Google Play Apps (Books, Newstand, Play Store, Music, Video, etc).The battery life on my particular phone has been great, and I can always make it home after a full day of work without needing to charge it, UNLESS I use the camera a lot.  This has been a known bug which was supposed to have been fixed with the latest update.  Since the update I haven't really noticed any improvement however.That being said, I can easily overlook battery issues in favor of the rest of the phone's redeeming qualities, and I'm never that far away from a charger.PROS:-Very fast: I've never had any kind of delay using this.  My last phone crawled to a stop when I first activated it as it was trying to download all my apps and settings.  When I signed into the Nexus 5 for the first time I didn't have any delays while everything synced up.  It also starts up faster than any other smartphone I've owned.-Size: It's a great size and the screen takes up most of it.  The rubber back makes it really easy to hold and it doesn't slip at all.-Speakers: very loud and clear-Screen: very sharp-Antennas: have had no issues with WiFi or bluetooth, 4G LTE through AT&E; in Boston is very fast.  The GPS also works very well.-Google Now Launcher: works great, can easily check Google Now, and links up with search, maps, and more.CONS:-Battery life (see above)Other notes: When it shipped the camera wasn't too great but since the last couple updates I've noticed that it seems to be a lot better, especially when using HDR in a well-lit area.  If you look closely there are still some artifacts with certain colors but overall I've been happy with it.

I bought nexus 5, about 50 days ago from google play store online. Three days later, I accidentally dropped the phone from only two feet high, (it fell off fron my y-sherts poket when I pick up somting) but the screen glass shattered. I called google to explain them, the google representative transfer phone to LG company. They charged $170 to replace the screen which is half of new phone price.I received the phone two weeks later. The phone is not receiving signal from T-mobile sometimes received one or two bar of low signal but that was E or H signal which is very slow, not even 3G, 4G nor LTE. I did not get any signals indoor at all. I called LG service again to explain, they told me to return the phone again to their service center with provided return label which was not overnight service it was Fedex ground service. I have to wait another two weeks to received my cellphone back.Two weeks later I received phone back from LG but it was same condition. I seems they did not even looked at it.  it did not received any strong or fast signal from t-mobile. I called LG again, they told me same thing like two weeks ago. &#34;Send it back to LG&#34;.I bought nexus5 I used it for three days, I could not used my phone for more than a month now. LG seems not care they will send me another ground shipping label to send it back, I have to wait another two weeks. I will never buy LG product again. it broke very easily and their service is very bad.

I have had iPhone and more recently had the Galaxy Note 2 before coming to the Nexus 5. This phone is great. I inserted my AT&T; sim card, turned it on, signed into my google account and it was all ready to go within minutes. I won't do an in depth review of all the specs since you can easily find that on many websites.What I love about the Nexus 5 is it is the best of both worlds. All the google apps work together so well and the phone seems very simple and efficient. I like to think of it as an android iPhone. You also don't have to deal with any extra manufacturer or carrier apps. You will always get the google updates when they come out and not sit around for a year hoping your phone will get an update.Google now is awesome, I was amazed by how much stuff it will display on that page. It actually got the tracking information from my email and told me that my package (the nexus 5) was delivered. The voice recognition is superb, I can be in a noisy room and still give voice commands. I actually do most of my google searching with google now (using the &#34;ok google&#34; hot command).The screen is stunning, very crisp. Makes reading easy and watching videos enjoyable. However, the speaker isn't anything spectacular but I rarely use it anyway. It works just fine for notifications, ring tones, etc.The overall build of the phone is great. The phone is thin, light, easy to hold with one hand, and I actually like the design. It goes along with the &#34;simple&#34; theme of the phone. If you want a phone with all kinds of bells and whistles, look at a samsung phone. But from my experience I never used 3/4 of the bells and whistles.The camera is an area of controversy from what I've read. Supposedly google will be fixing the issues with a software update. If they actually do I think it'll be great. The camera itself can take great pictures and the video quality is very nice as well. The camera app itself can be slow at times but once fixed it will be on par with any top smartphone cameras.I could go on and on. Yeah there are some things I didn't like at first but mostly they're just things I need to get used to like with any new phone. If you are a google user at all though I recommend this phone. Especially if you integrate yourself into google and really start using the apps, this phone is perfect to be the hub of it all. The iPhone is great but the apple ecosystem is very limited compared to google. In my opinion the N5 is one of the best android phones you can get if you are a google user and probably the best off-contract price you will find for a flagship phone. Well worth the money.

Although Its price is 100$ expensive than the google play, its still an good alternative. Phone is great with receiving the latest Android updates. I like the phone too much :)

Having nothing but praise for this phone . The only thinking laking is the Gyro compas I guess which will help the phone go silent when turned upside down .

The product worked perfectly well, great packaging and timming. The only thing that i dont know is why it didnt come with the headsetsThanks

confused unlocked phone at google play $399.00 with 32 gb memory here same price less memory do your homework shop around got mine at google phone is great 1 star rating? as we all know thats where we look first

After I read about Nexus 5, I was convinced that it's the best choice of smart phones. I like it for the simplicity of use and the great features. I recommend all my friends to own one. Great gadget.

UPDATE: I figured out my slow charging issue. I had the screen display set to a fixed brightness. Setting it to "auto" pretty much fixed the charging issue. Oddly, the phone didn't charge quickly before changing the brightness setting even when the screen was off... Go figure...I've had my Nexus 5 for about two weeks now. It's been a huge improvement over my Nexus 4. Specifically:1. I like the "plastic" back. It feels less delicate. The Nexus 4 has a glass back that breaks easily.2. Not sure if it's KitKat or the new hardware, but the phone is much faster. Apps like Foursquare pop up instantly.3. LTE FTW!!! I use T-Mobile's $30/month prepaid plan. I got a huge upgrade in bandwidth!4. Works much better with the Google Nexus Wireless charger. The charging circuit is higher on the back of the phone so the bottom of the phone just touches the desk when charging. No more sliding Nexus!5. Screen is super bright and sharp as a razor.6. It's lighter!Drawbacks:1. It seems to charge SLOOOOOWLY... especially when waiting to board a long flight.2. It cost $150 more than my Nexus 4 (but still cheap for an unlocked phone of this caliber).

I have the Nexus 10. Nexus 7. Now the lovely Nexus 5. They are all so smart devices, so quick and, even the Nexus 10, so compact and slim. Put them all side-to-side each other, and they do look good. I have waited years to get devices like these and, even tho I have also got the iPads, I can honestly say these Nexus devices are the best I have ever seen...I'm really impressed with all of them.I had an old Ericsson phone, it must be, almost 10 years now and thought it was time to replace it for a smartphone.But I wasn't too keen on the iPhone as my sons got the iPhone 5, so when I saw Google was bringing the Nexus 4 out, I decided to get that but I never did. I'm glad now that I waited for them to bring the Nexus 5 out, becaz I understand its slimmer and a lot more compact, also the camera is better than the previous model.This is the best phone I have owned, it's even easier to use than my land-line phone....I'm not technical at all.The dial pad is terrific and so simple to use,and the volume is crystal clear. I love the fact that the speakers are on the bottom of the phone nearer to the loud speaker and micAlso, becaz iI have never used a smart phone before, I'm amazed just how quick it charges and if you compare it to ordinary mobile phones that aren't Smart, I'm extremely impressed with the battery life.The camera is amazing, I have never seen a camera so precise and the pictures come out so clear and sharp, it's just as tho you are seeing the real object and not seeing it through a lens. Front and back camera I found really good, but for obvious reasons the back camera is a lot more sharper, giving a cleaner photo all round.I haven't text on the phone yet......Google sent me this earlier to show me how to do texting - SMS - 'HANGOUTS'[...]Went on the net earlier and just like the other two devices, it's so quick. Browsing and Emails, I couldn't ask for a faster smart-phone...it's so genius, clever.Also, I have played a couple of my games that I got from GooglePlay, played 'Tilt 3d Labyrinth' where you have got to get the marbles across the board by 'tilting' your device and make sure they dnt drop down the holes.So touch friendly -it honestly felt like I was playing my nexus 7 or 10, obviously apart from the size difference, I'm still amazed that it was a phone that I'm using.When I got the phone from GooglePlay, I should have asked them about the sim becaz unfortunately I didn't realise it was a Micro-Sim, so I had to wait a few days for my Mobile Operator to send one. But at least I was able to still use it as a small tablet whilst waiting for the Sim to arrive.I downloaded the Amazon AppStore onto my Nexus, which I can't understand as it says iv got the max amount of devices - 10.- and I have only got 3 devices, I dnt even think I downloaded the AppStore onto the 7...so it might just be just the two devices, so where's the others come from??I also downloaded the Amazon Music Player and, even tho I haven't downloaded any music onto the device it self yet, playing the music from the cloud was really clear.I will add more into this review, but I have only just started using it...but overall I'm extremely impressed with my new phone - Tablet.Also, one reviewer I have noticed has given this amazing device such an appalling review just becaz there's no 'paper' instructions.We are 'trying' to be Planet Friendly and so the best way is to reduce the amount of paper that's used. All the instructions can be found via the internet, just Google Nexus 5 or phone Google themselves as they have a dedicated help-line. But, like I have said I'm not technical at all, so if I have no problems anyone can work this device out and that's not even getting advice. It's so simple to use.I have just received an Email regarding instructions on how to get started with the Nexus 5, including some really useful tips also[...](I also need to add that I'm reviewing the Nexus device and not the seller, as I always buy directly from the Manufacture whenever possible)

I moved from an iPhone 5 to the Nexus. Got it from the UK-Car Phone Warehouse- no waiting, no Play store delivery issues. Walked out with a 16GB version in 10 minutes for GBP 325.I have used Android phones in the past- HTC Desire and Note 1. Gave up both of them because of unstable performance of Android, bloatware, programmes shutting down etc. Have been using the iPhone since 4 and loved the experience. Have 3 Macs at home so was completely synced. Moving to Nexus (Android) was a long thought out decision and I was attracted by the larger screen and the great reviews it was getting. And of course the price when compared to the 5S was the best.In the 2 weeks I have used it I can say it has been a slow and transitioning love affair. It took some time to wean myself away from iOS. I carried my iPhone 5 without the SIM for a few days but now I am solo with the Nexus 5. The camera is amazing, the interface is great. Yes some of the apps are still unstable- notably the People app but overall the phone is great. The large screen size is excellent. The battery life leaves things to be desired but then everything is not perfect. I do miss a few apps especially Prismatic but I am hoping Android will catch up soon.The most difficult issue for me was to move from Notes, Reminder and iMessage in Mac and iOS. The fact that all the 3 apps are available seamlessly in the phone and the desktop/laptop makes life much easier.Hangout is an alternative to iMessage though you can only message a person's gmail address. It needs to go the extra step like iMessage and get associated with the phone number.For Notes and Reminders I tried out Google Keep but then it doesn't have an app on the Mac and opening drive.com/keep everytime is not my idea of being efficient. I have moved onto Evernote which is great but has one basic shortcoming in the free version- no offline access (in the phone version). I am told by other Android users there will nary be a moment when I am without an internet connection on the phone and so Evernote it is. I still prefer the clean, simple interface of Notes and Reminders of iOS/Mac as compared to the many options in Evernote.This phone is very fast and a pleasure to navigate. I have spent more time on browsing my photo albums in the last 2 weeks than I have spent in the previous 2 months on iPhone 5. One of the best features of an Android phone is the ability to view your Picasa library on the phone. This was not available on the iPhone. Picasa is my main repository of all photographs.The other KitKat features of phone number recognition do not work that much in the country I am in- we don't have a phone book in Dubai so Google can identify only if a business is listed with it in Google Local, Maps etc.Overall I would give this phone an8.5 out of 10. I would give the iPhone 5 an 8 out of 10.

Excellent

is a good smartphone LG Nexus 5, in excellent condition, Beyond my Expectations I hope the next Nexus is just as good, Thank You For this sale

I`m actually from Romania and I ordered the phone when I was in the states. Even though it took a bit longer to ship (I opted for 2 day prime shipping but the product was not available so it arrived after a week or so) everything was ok when it got to me. The phone itself doesn`t need any review since it's kind of the best out there atm.

I was  a real fan of this phone, even with its quirks, until the phone decided without any alerts or input from me to delete my entire picture album.  Two months of pics gone forever.  I know I know, I should back them up (which I usually do on a quarterly basis), but frankly I have never lost a digital picture across any platform until I decided to trust Google to get a phone right.  Bad decision.  Android and Google are no longer in my lexicon and hello iOS.  This seems to be a known problem with this phone which I belated discovered.

battery life is too less have to charge twice a day. Otherwise a very good phone. Very easy to use

I got a Nexus 5 to replace my previous phone which was a Samsung Galaxy S3. For those thinking about doing the same upgrade, I made a video reviewing the two devices, here's the link: http://goo.gl/Kn2KdyIn terms of specs, processing power, etc., the Nexus 5 is obviously top-notch. So to test that in practice, I decided to run a couple Vellamo Benchmarks to compare the performance of my old and new phone on different tasks --- all trying to figure out if the upgrade is worth or not.A few conclusions came out of my analysis:- The benchmark results showed that the Nexus 5 is really great if you do a lot of gaming, heavy apps or reading.- If mostly you do internet browsing, however, the difference is almost non-existent -- in which case you can stick with your old device- Nexus 5 is bigger but lighter- Screen resolution and hardware are incomparably better- The Galaxy's only advantage is on the front-camera's higher resolutionOf note, recently my brother's Nexus has been showing problems with unresponsive buttons. It seems this is a quite common issue, so beware of it.

Product fit the description. It is brand new and everything just works out perfectly. It enhance several issues from nexus 4 and got a larger camera

Excellent product, no problem,Special Design,  100% recomendNice!!,  you can customize this smartphone xda developers in android development and sustancial performance agree

Pros:DisplayCPU speedKit-Kat802.11acCons:Camera is mediocre, needs an update, HDR is slow and medicore as wellBattery is OK (utilizing ART runtime helps allot)Tip: change the default runtime to ART runtime instead of the standard davik runtime. The phone is substantially faster and has much better battery life with ART enabled.  (change runtime in developer options)

I'm not here to give a general review of all the phones features, although I'll give a very quick rundown of things I like about it.  Mainly I'm here to report that the first time I dropped it on a hard surface, the screen shattered.  The screen did not touch the surface, I had the bumper case (sold by google specifically for this phone) as well as a fairly pricey Zagg screen protector, but the screen shattered (more further down).The Good: The price is very reasonable.  The screen looks nice.  It is responsive (fast).  The battery life is fairly good;  It lasts much longer than my last phone, but there are definitely days where it runs out faster than others.  Looking at &#34;Battery Monitor&#34; app, sometimes it only uses 10% in 12 hours, but other times 20% in 2 hours.  This is not solely based on usage, but seems to be based on a mishmosh of factors including location (distance from cell tower/wifi), settings and recent apps.  I suspect the phone tries to manage connectivity and updates, sometimes doing well, sometimes not.  That said, much better than my last phone.  The camera picture quality is quite good (if you can get the focus).The Bad:  Durability.  The first time I dropped this phone on a hard surface (with the bumper case and a screen protector) the screen shattered.  I know that this is bound to happen, and hey, maybe I just got unlucky on the first try, but I don't think so.  My previous phone (Samsung Galaxy S2) was dropped many times in the years I had it, on various surfaces and nothing ever broke.  The very first time I dropped this phone, the screen shattered.  I think it clearly implies that the case is fragile and/or simply doesn't protect the screen.  If the screen had touched the surface, all bets would have been off and I would not be blaming the phone.  But if the phone, with its own branded case transmits that impact directly to the screen, the first time, it's a poor design.I'm not giving up the phone for this, but one might want (I certainly will) to get a better than average case (not the google bumper case) unless you will never drop your phone.The average: The screen auto brightness always seems to be a bit bright.  The camera seems to have difficulty getting focus correct.  It will go through the focus process and in some situations tend to end up unfocused.  When it focuses, its great, but when it doesn't, its useless.

Great phone! The best Android device for now. It is fast, pretty and not as expensive as other flag units

It functions as a phone, certainly. It makes calls, and receives calls, and has a nice camera. But that's all it does. For such a pricey item, I expected a little more. It comes pre-loaded with all manner of snazzy looking apps that do nothing. For some reason... a reason that I nor anyone that can be reached from tech support via phone, email, or forum, or anyone that posts to forums asking for help from others, can ascertain is why it does not... cannot... synch.No browsing the Internet, no checking email, no facebook, no videos from youtube, no finding yourself on google maps, nada. It just won't use apps that involve any kind of data transfer that isn't a text message or voice. (...and now, no text messages either)Making and receiving phone calls, no problem.Taking hi-res photos, no problem.Getting confirmation of an excellent Wi-Fi connection, no problem.Attempting to download data of any sort over said excellent Wi-Fi connection... problem.It's not a bad phone, sound quality is great, it's just that a 'phone' is pretty much all it is. Absolutely no reason to spend $350-400 for something that is no more useful than a $15 GoPhone.EDIT:Forget what I said about before about text messages. That feature stopped working today. I feel like Obi-won screaming at Anakin (Google) about how they were supposed to be the chosen one. The longer I have this phone... the worse it gets.

Nexus 5 is an awesome phone. For all users who would like to use raw Android this is the best phone at the moment

I have been using this for a month now and the phone is actually really great. Fast processor and crisp display. Camera is great too, takes good pictures and battery timing is good too. Only thing I didn't like is the earphones didn't come with the box.

I purchased a Nexus5 from T-Mobile store. I had decided to get rid of my iPhone and try this touted Android.Approx 4 weeks later I dropped the phone and cracked the screen. the phone still worked, however had a crack from the upper corner to the middle of the other side of the screen. Thinking that LG would be the best to repair versus a local 3rd party, I called LG, got an RMA number, and proceeded to send back the phone for repair. Told me that once the unit would be received in their Fort Worth facility, they would call me with the repair cost before proceeding.I waited 3 weeks and no call, so I called them. I was told that they 'tried to call me, and couldn't get a hold of me - and the unit was shipped back to me'. I was a bit confused as I had not received a call at all, and also confused as to why they wouldn't at least email me first, as they also had this information as part of the RMA process. Then I got cut off the call. As I was on a land line I figured it must be at their end. I got a call back immediately on the alternate cell number I had given them with the RMA information when I sent in the phone. This told me they at least had the correct phone number on file for me, so wondered why I had never received a call as the customer service agent indicated.The agent then proceeded to change her story, and told me that the reason they sent it back, was that it was deemed 'un-repairable', and so they returned it to me. I was quite confused at this point and asked if there was any replacement options - the LG rep said no. I asked to talk to a supervisor. I was placed on hold for 16minutes ! yes a quarter of an hour...and then 'Brandon' came on to explain that they took the phone apart and saw some epoxy near the edge of the circuit board cracked, and therefore deemed it un-repairable - so there was nothing they could do. I was stunned -  and then stunned even more to hear that while they took it apart it now does not work at all... and still they feel no obligation to provide even an alternative to replace the unit. I asked for clarity again, as I know a little about customer service, I said 'nothing. not even a replacement unit at cost alternative' ,  to which Brandon said 'no'.Amazing for their customer service to be so short sighted on the big picture of the effects of such brutal customer service - on so many levels.

Excellent product and perfect shipping time. Best quality. Happy to buy this Nexus 5, great specifications on a smartphone for a great price.

Truly liked the phone by heart... If you leave the screen resolution which is just little less better than iPhone. Everything which I see or do in this phone is like magical and suggestive as go along. One should have this gadget...

I have now one week with my new phone. I come from iPhone 4S and this phone had to beat the iPhone in order to keep it. Until now I'm very happy with the Nexus and got the iPhone saved in house. Everyday I discover a new function. The battery last more than my iPhone's battery. Tha camera takes very nice pictures, and it is so fast for everything that blows my mind. Plus, there is no other phone with this hardware on this price, and it's so beautiful! :D

Battery life is not remarkable, but everything else is terrific. I haven't tried running benchmarking apps, but performance in day to day use is generally astonishing. I'm loving it so far.

I bought the nexus from the google play store for $349.00.  One of the best phones I've ever used.  So much better than my iphone5c.  I'm sure many of the other reviewers talked about all the glowing things that comes with this great device.  I'm just an average user.  Use the internet some, text, phone calls, see a video once in awhile.  I could probably get about two days of battery out of my phone if I wanted too, but I charge it every night when I go to bed.I always thought you couldn't get any better than the ipnone 5.  I was so wrong.  Still have my macbook and iPad but this phone walks circles around the iPhone (and at half the price).  I've learned my lesson.  Still love my macbook and iPad 3, but not switching back to iPhone anytime soon.

Excellent phone but the battery life is poor. Only 24 hs without charge  it. I  recomend it because has de the best price and resource.

Everthing is fantastic about this phone except for one very important issue I'm having.  I cannot get constant service with this phone whereas I had no problem with my previous phone.  No change in carriers.  It's as if the internal antenna isn't as strong as my previous phone.  If it were not for that, I would give it 10 stars as all other features are beyond my expectations, but this is a major problem, and I don't know what to do to rectify it or if it can be rectified.

I am very pleased with the device, the android experience is great, there are some flaws, like the audio output, which is quite low, or the back cover who tends to get greasy, but nothing i didin't except.

Great phone. It is worth every pennyExcellent camera, apps, display, weight, design. i should have bought two instead. 5 stars

Extremely fast and very smooth. The screen quality is crystal clear. The only complaints I have are the camera which is good for a phone, but not as good as some phones like the Nokia Lumia 1020. I am also disappointed in the battery life. If you need the phone to last you a long time (sometimes even a whole day) I would recommend turning off the LTE antenna and leaving the phone in your pocket most of the time. All in all, this phone is amazing, especially considering the price. No app I have tried has been able to slow this phone down.

&#34;the best&#34; if you are interested in android smartphones . this google product is the best to buy. cheap and worthy .had some difficulty with camera , after 4.4.2 update is awesome .

I really wanted to love this phone, but I listen to a lot of audio on my phone and found the headset volume really lacking. The battery life is not great either, even on days when I have hardly used it. Everything else is great, but the audio quality is a big deal for me and I am deciding if I will return it or not.

Everything was great! Delivery, and phone itself was as promised.

simply the best Android device in the market without a doubt!

Perfect smartphone, pure Google experience is the best. The phone works pretty fast and the 1080p display looks beautiful.  Totally recommended.

I was abit skeptical at first but when it arrived all my fears were allayed. No bumps or bruises and it appeared brand new as advertised. Very happy with the purchase.

Let's face it, you're essentially getting a $700+ phone for half the price, with only a couple of minor compromises. Some reviewers badmouth the camera, but I'm quite impressed with it, especially after the most recent software upgrade which eliminated shutter lag. The speakers are sub-par, but I prefer headphones anway.The processor is super-fast, and multi-tasking is easily handled with no lagging. Most importantly, it's very nearly stock Android, so it doesn't look like your phone carrier took a bloatware dump on you homescreen.I know itt's inanimate, but I have feelings for this phone! ;)

Good!

I bought the LG Nexus 4 on Google Play and the phone failed 6 months later. It was approved for replacement by Google support, and the replacement was to ship 2 days later (the date was specified in their email). However, 10 days later it still hadn't shipped.  Several contacts to Google support only generated apologies and that I would have to wait since the refurbished devices are back-ordered.  And no information was given when the warranty replacement would ship (2 weeks? 3? 4?)...no commitment.  When I appealed for other alternatives, such as crediting me the cost of the replacement (they have put a hold on my credit card for a $250 of the replacement until receiving my returned device) which I could use toward the purchase of Nexus 5, but the answer was, No, I just have to be patient and wait!  This was my only phone...and I depend on having a phone!  I also called LG and they said they no longer make the Nexus 4 and so it is a problem that Google will have to resolve.So I would just advise: Beware of warranty support!  A warranty may sound fine on paper, but if it is not honored in a timely manner, your stuck!

Excellent product!!!!! The best cellphone ever. You have to buy it !!!!! Battery also awesome all day long durability !!

I bought this phone for my son 2 weeks ago. It is really a nice phone when it worked but it is broken already. Today, he came back from school with a broken LCD. There are no cracks any where(either front glass or back panel), no dents and the phone still nicely in the bumper. Called LG for service and they are not really helpful and say it is possibly pressure related damage and not covered under warranty :-(So better buy from Google Play(for possible better warranty service) or buy a really sturdy case. It seems to be delicate.

Sent to me withing 2 days. No issues transferring over my info. Worked right away. Very happy. Satisfied. The phone ja better than expected.

I've been a long time Nexus brand user, owning the first generation Nexus 7 and Nexus 4. I also have an iPad 3 and an iPod Touch 4th generation. I wrote a lengthy Nexus 7 review before; here is my lengthy Nexus 5 review updated after over a month of straight usage. It should cover the vast majority of topics on the device. Let's get started on what possibly is the best high end phone deal in America.(1) Hardware:Personally, in my opinion, high to medium end devices from reputable brands have reached the point where most people won't be able to tell the difference or the difference won't be something they regularly use. That said, I'm still going to cover it, if you're not interested in the nerd talk about hardware, then all you need to know is that the phone is capable hardware wise for demanding users and honestly overkill for average users. Skip this section of my review and head on down to the camera portion.The device is built on a Qualcomm S800 Pro processor. Clocked at 2.2 GHz quadcore processor, the phone screams on speed. I'm not a fan of mobile benchmarks due to their inherent problems of actually measuring what they claim, but benchmarks all put the Nexus 5 at the moment in the top end of performance. Compared to my Nexus 7's Tegra 3, the Nexus 5 has a fighter jet engine compared to the first generation Nexus 7's turboprop engine.There's also a Hynix 2 GB RAM chip running at DDR3 1600 Mhz, and either a 16 GB or 32 GB Sandisk NAND memory chip depending which model you bought. Google is charging $50 more for the 32 GB device. That's about a 625% markup over wholesale NAND prices. Take that as you will.There are Bluetooth, NFC, GPS and unlike the Nexus 4, a slim-port compatibility, thus letting you connect the phone to a monitor or television screen. LG/Google kept the wireless charging from the Nexus 4, to which the wireless charger has to be purchased separately.The phone comes with an Adreno 330 graphics chip. I'm not a big mobile gamer, but this per the professional reviews and FPS benchmarks will handle every game out for Android. For non-gamers, the Adreno 330 is overkill.Microphone and talk clarity are on par with Nexus 4, meaning fine. Speaker seems to have more noise at higher volumes. Also, speaker is mono despite there being two grills at the bottom. One grill is for the microphone.Connects via standard USB, where the device itself has a microUSB connection. Plugging the device into your computer brings it up as another removable storage device where you can simply drop and drag files into folders. Easy file movement plus standard USB makes the device very simple to use and standard charging conventions make it easy to find chargers around your house and office. Sometimes the device goes wonky on USB connection (was a Nexus 4 issue as well), so just go into settings and storage, click on the settings (3 vertical boxes) and change the connection to PTP or MPT and the phone will reappear properly.Like all recent Nexus devices, no MicroSD slot and no removable battery. MicroSD slot is partially alleviated now that USB OTG works. See my "other" section for more details.You can find these specific parts on iFixit's tear down which gave it a solid 8/10 for user repair. For the low price of $349/$399, there is no other phone with this quality hardware that for the price.Right now, due to shortages in supply, many people are scalping the phones for profit. If you can wait, the phone will ship between 2 and 4 weeks and if the Nexus 4 timeline tells us anything, quickly reach the point where it's under a week. My phone took a little under 3 weeks to deliver from ordering it on the 1st of November.(2) Camera:The back camera is still an 8 megapixel and front is 1.3 megapixel, same as the Nexus 4. Low light has improved considerable and HDR+ alleviates many of lighting problems. HDR is a software/hardware combination that takes three photos, one underexposed, one overexposed and one regular and the software combines them to even out the lighting issues to produce the best possible shot. Graininess has been reduced as well. Google keeps the same minimal interface for the camera with the select and drag method for changing options.Image stabilization is so-so and the camera can be slow to focus at times. The Nexus 5 camera is an improvement over the Nexus 4, but a Lumia this is not.  Google released updates to the Android OS that had specific Nexus 5 camera fixes. The camera's improved, but it's still relatively slow at focusing. However, image quality has improved considerably as have night shots. The only real criticism now is that the camera is slow to focus.(3) Android 4.4 - Operating System:Google's latest and greatest is on display here. Android 4.4, otherwise known as Kitkat comes pre-installed on the phone. There are some changes from Android 4.3 Jelly bean. Like all Nexus devices, operating system updates are done over the air via Google. No waiting on device manufacturers or carriers.The launcher has changed and on the Nexus 5 (and it's exclusive to the Nexus 5), and widgets are now removed from the app screen and are accessed by pressing and holding down on a home screen.Icon sizes have been enlarged in the app library, and formatting has been tweaked.Android Run Time (ART) is now available as opposed to the stock Google Dalvik compiler. Allegedly, ART nets a handful more hours out of the device per some reviews, but I haven't noticed any difference. In theory, ART should speed up the device, but with the S800 Pro already blazing fast, it's questionable if anyone will notice, your mileage will vary. Also, some apps are broken under ART.Google has prominently placed Google search on the top of the phone and included the new function of simply talking to your phone to have it fulfill requests. Simply say "Ok Google" and the Google Now function loads up where you can ask questions or request information simply by talking to it. Phone has to be unlocked for it to work as opposed to the Moto X which I believe will work without unlocking.Hangouts has merged with text messaging for a combined app. As with all Android phones, you can download another app and make it your default over Hangouts. Currently the Hangouts change in my opinion was a mistake. Group texting via SMS has problems with sending, the app prioritizes sending to Gmail accounts over SMS and you can't mix SMS and Gmail group chats together. The separation in 4.3 was a better system.Google kept the Sywpe like typing option on its default keyboard (drag your fingers between keys rather than typing) and notification center appears to be the same from 4.3. Colors however for notification went from blue to white. Also the notification flashing light is still there from the Nexus 4. It's sort of like the Blackberry's red flashing LED, but at the bottom.Outside of the changes from 4.3, stock Android 4.3, stock meaning there's no "skin" over it such as Touchwiz or HTC's Sensation, runs extremely fast. Apps load instantly, everything is extremely responsive. This is not Android Honeycomb that was an unresponsive lag filled mess. It is however, less intuitive than iOS 6/7. Android verse Apple has always been like this and its personal preference. That said, if you're in to nearly complete customization, widgets, lock screen information and generally busting out of a walled garden to have your phone do what you want it to do, this is your cup of tea.(4) Battery Life:The battery life on the Nexus 5 is better than the Nexus 4. A slight boost of 200 mAh to 2,300 from 2,100 mAh is minor and it appears the gains are from the operating system primarily. Some user are reporting with ART, they can last a full day as opposed to 16 to 17 hours on Dalvik, some users are reporting the same battery life.After more than a month of the usage on the device, I find that battery life is generally superior to the Nexus 4 and going a whole day is not a problem. This isn't a Note 3 that will last all day gaming. Mileage will vary depending on your behavior.The biggest killer of battery aside from constant gaming is using LTE in an area with weak LTE signal. The phone (like all phones) will eat up huge amounts of battery trying to maintain the bad signal. Sometimes it will drain 20% of my battery in an hour or two on standby. Switching to 3G as the primary network reduces standby usage to a few percent over two or three hours.(5) Build & Looks:The phone comes in two colors, black and white. Note that the white version does not extend the white to the front; it's just the back panel.The phone is fairly light and considerably lighter than the Nexus 4. It is still a black rectangle like most smartphones. LG/Google have forgone the glass backing from the Nexus 4. This should significantly reduce real damage as the soft plastic backing is far less susceptible to shattering like glass. The phone is a bit thinner than the Nexus 4.Screen is 4.95 inches, with confirmed Gorilla Glass 3. The phone is using IPS which gives better clarity and color than the Nexus 4. Resolution is set at 1,920-by-1,080 pixel for a 445 pixel density (PPI). I'd still use a screen guard as the face drop test reveals that Gorilla Glass 3 is good for preventing scratches, but so-so to horrendously bad on impact resistance.Side bezels are very minimal, but the top and bottom bezels are still large. Overall, it's not going to wow people upon first look, but most of us are here for performance and pure Android, what excites us is now how a phone looks, but what we can do with it.(6) LTE & Carrier Support:Google is selling these phones completely unlocked, meaning that you can go to any carrier that supports its bands and it should work.Unlike the Nexus 4, the Nexus 5 is LTE enabled. This was a huge reason for me to get the Nexus 5 as I'm paying for T-Mobile's LTE on the simple plan but I wasn't able to access it. My local HSPA+ was topping out around 11 Mbp/s in the heart of Honolulu to a paltry 4 Mbp/s in my house away from the heart of the city. LTE has pushed urban speed to over 30 Mbp/s (per my last test) and my house to over 9 Mbp/s. Your mileage will of course vary.Nexus 5's LTE will work with bands on T-Mobile, Sprint and AT&T.; Verizon has some LTE bands that the Nexus 5 doesn't support and Verizon and Google have some ideological issues that are preventing them from working together on the Nexus line. T-Mobile is selling the device non-subsidized at a $100 markup financed over 24 months at 0%. Sprint is selling the phone subsidized at $49 but you'll pay it all back and more through subsidy recovery fees built into the monthly bill. AT&T; isn't selling the device but will support BOYD Nexus 5. Be aware though, unless you're on AT&T;'s prepaid Aio service, you're still going to be paying for subsidy recovery fees even though you didn't get a subsidy from AT&T.;A lot of people don't seem to understand that the amount they pay for the phone on day one, usually $199 is not the total price they pay for the phone. That's the down payment. AT&T;/Sprint/Verizon and previously T-Mobile recover their subsidy via the fees they charge in their monthly. T-Mobile and other non-contract carriers have broken out of this model and give a dosage of transparency to monthly billings as to what is service fee and what is subsidy recovery. If you buy an unlocked phone from Google and take it to T-Mobile, you will not be charged a device fee. If you take it to Verizon/AT&T;/Sprint outside of their prepaid options, you will be charged a device fee even though you did not get a subsidy. This will vastly increase the total price you pay for your phone. Keep that in mind.The best deal for this phone if you don't talk much is T-Mobile's $30 a month plan for 100 minutes, unlimited text and 5 GB of LTE, unlimited 3G. Download Google Voice for data calling if you need more talk time. For two years of service, that's $1,069 in total monthly and phone bills. That's less than the cost of 10 months of Verizon.If you're looking at other plans, Apple has done an extremely fantastic job of comparing AT&T;, Sprint, Verizon and T-Mobile's myriad plans into a single nice webpage. Google "iPhone Plans Comparison" for the best simple comparison of American big carrier plans. Apple labels these "iPhone Plans" but they are generic smartphone plans that anyone on any compatible device can purchase.(7) Other:Unlike the Nexus 4, USB Hosting OTG works. I personally don't find this that important, considering that OTG is a hassle on a device that's constantly on the move, but it is a big change from the Nexus 4 which didn't apply sufficient voltage to power USB Hosting. If you're wondering what USB Hosting/OTG is, USB Hosting and "On The Go" lets a phone or tablet to plug in a USB device in and let the device via the right program access the storage on the USB device. I'm currently using the Nexus Media Importer (as I previously bought that for the Nexus 7) as it lets me do this without rooting. I was never a big memory user on my Nexus 4, but I know some people are. Google "Meenova" for a more compact design that will let you access MicroSD cards on your Nexus 5. See my picture in the photo gallery.When I first started the phone up, Google play strangely tried to download and install every app I'd previous bought. What gives? I had to manually stop the install of certain apps.Sound quality via headphones is solid, but depends also on the quality of your headphones/earphones. Sound on the speaker is relatively low.Rooting is available now and there are a few ROMs for the Nexus 5 if you wish to play around.Accessories are flooding Amazon as well as eBay for relatively affordable prices. I'm using theSPIGEN Google Nexus 5 Screen Protector Clear [Crystal] [3-PACK] **Japanese PET Film** Premium Front Screen Protector for Nexus 5 (SGP10559), but I'm not entirely happy as the flush buttons make it hard to use one handed as opposed to myRINGKE FUSION for Google Nexus 4 Best Selling Shock Absorption Bumper + Anti Scratch Clear Back Premium Hybrid Case [Eco/DIY Pkg.][BLACK].Personally, I do love Android. I can simply turn my phone on, look at my lock screen at the Dashclock Widget and see how many texts I have, emails, weather notifications Facebook notifications and so on without having to unlock my phone. I can also turn on GPS, silence my phone, the flash light on and other functions from my lock screen too. The Nexus 5 gives me a great affordable option.(8) Conclusion:The Nexus 5 has some drawbacks, adequate camera, no MicroSD slot, no removable battery and lacking some of Verizon's LTE bands. It does provide a blazing fast processor, roaring graphics chip, an extremely stock version of Android, thin and light design for a very affordable unlocked price. And it's Sprint capable. Android does take some time to learn, but it offers nearly complete customization. For $349 and a dose of willingness to learn, you can't go wrong here.TLDR: Blazing fast smartphone, okay camera, no bloatware, no Verizon, unlocked and just $349~399.

This is a nice phone but bear in mind that the operating system and preloaded apps takes up almost 4GB of the initial 16GB of primary flash memory. You'll need to add at least 2GB of your own apps, if you use the phone much, and then you are left with only 10GB for your user content. If you're OK with a permanent 10GB, then this phone should work for you as it's twice as fast as a Samsung Galaxy SII and it has better resolution. Unfortunately, Google Hangouts replaces your default SMS app, and you can't delete the bloatware, but, it performs nicely for how much it costs.

The phone is awesome. The only thing I think isn't better then Nexus 4 is the back. I think the glass is prettier than rubber (I don't know if it's really rubber, but it's look like).

it is extremely FAST!!! screen is awesome, weight is perfect and the size is no that big. Well...after I receive it, I found out there is another competitor on the market - LG G2, with slightly bigger screen, and 3000mAh battery...almost with the same dimensions and the price 30$ more...why I decide to keep this phone? - just to get a pure android, so there will be no stupid extra software installed which I had a very bad experience with the phones from Sprint and Verizon...
