
Resuming... This is an awesome phone this is my most honest reviewPro:Blazing FastGreat camera ( For a Nexus Phone)Build Quality is ok (Not Great), but definetly you can feel a great quality devicePerfect sizeGreat Screen (Not The best)Crystal Clear phone calls and receptionAwesome Video CameraConsThe ringer Volume and speaker is a little bit slowThe Screen is a little bit washout coloursNot the best Camera out there in PhotosThe Sellers Was Mango Wireless , this guys deliver very very fast , great price , original products

Let me first state that my wife recently go the LG G2 which is a fantastic phone; fast, sharp looking screen, etc..  So this is the standard I'm working on.  I got my Nexus 5 and there was zero disappointment.  The Nexus 5 is equally fast and sharp as the G2, in fact, they both share the Qualcom 800 processor which is a real beast.  Using this phone feels like you've got some serious muscle under the hood and it's absolutely true.Nexus 5 comes with stock android so it doesn't have the bells and whistles of many overlaid software that comes standard on your Samsung S4, Lg G2, HTC One, etc.., however, it also lacks all of the unwanted bloatware and you're fully able to build up from stock android to get the perfect amount of software.  For myself, I prefer the look and feel of stock android and so I've been buying Android stock phones since the G1.The phone is very light in my hands but doesn't feel cheap; it feels quite sturdy and the plastic has a nice grip.  Although, I did get it into theSPIGEN Google Nexus 5 Case Slim [Slim Armor] [Champagne Gold] Air Cushioned Protective Case with Dual Layer for Nexus 5 - Champagne Gold (SGP10566)right away (which is a great case btw).The Kit Kat improvements were expected and I'm equally impressed by;  Google Now is the furthest screen on the left, the icons have a new look; you can now activate "google search" by simply saying "Hey Google".  This "Hey Google" so far gets triggered by my voice as well as others so hopefully I can figure a way for it to listen only to me but that can be dealt with later.Out of the box, the phone only has a couple of home screens available but a quick tip to add more is simply grab an icon and drag it to the upper most right corner of the screen and drop it; that will create a new home screen for you.The only slight annoyance I can provide, at this point, is the ear speaker at the top of the phone; it's white (look at the photo) and so when the phone is off and sitting there I see this white dot which tricks me momentarily into thinking it's an indicator LED saying I have a message or email, etc...  I'm sure I'll get used to this but it's the only thing close to a complaint I can give you at this point.Overall, this is a great purchase and if you're a fan of high end android phones, this won't disappoint you.  I bought mine from Google so paid, with tax, about $423 for the white 32GB model.----------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE *11/8/13So I just learned I'm supposed to be saying "OK GOOGLE" not "HEY GOOGLE" but they both work.  After several days of use, my only complaint is that the stereo jack is now located back on TOP of the device.  My GNEX had it on the bottom which I preferred.  The phone is still great and performance is stunning.

Hardware is extremely good, sound is clear, and Google KitKat is a superstar among mobile operational systems. Google now works, GPS and maps are reliable. It could have a better voice recognition system, but so far it's been good enough to perform simple tasks.

Best Deal. Great Phone.

It answers all my wishes! Works great and looks most wonderful!Thanks a lot I will reccomend it further!Have a nice day!

I have been using this phone for a week now and it is fantastic. Best phone I have ever owned and the smoothest implementation of android yet. Phone is designed well and feels solid and high-end in your hand. Unfortunately the plastic backing on the phone is super slippery and is  a disaster waiting to happen. I highly recommend the phone and am looking for a case, which I am normally against.

Very good

I have owned this phone for about 2 months now and  the one complaint I have is that after I lock the screen and put the phone away it will sometimes just randomly dial a number.  Once it begins dialing and I hear the ring tone I have to go through several different screens to turn it off usually the person has answered by then and I have to apologize for my phone randomly calling them when I didn't intend to make a phone call.  When its dialing the screen is either blank or the home screen,  when I touch the phone icon it brings up my contact list all the while dialing this random number!!  It is extremely aggravating to say the least.

Great phone...I switched from apple to Android and it is worth it...mostly because of this phone peformance. Recommended to all who are looking for a change.

I really enjoy with this device.Battery life is not so bad. My case very first go down to 80% but, after 80% very slow to decrease the percentage I can use my phone until next day without charging.

I switched to the Android platform a couple years back and have used the flagship devices from both Samsung and HTC.  This device doesn't have any of the normal bloatware found on subsidized phones from the mobile carriers or the manufacturers.  The resolution is so crisp that my TV is jealous.  The quad core processor provides for a smooth experience that has no lags or choppiness. I am not a big gamer but I got a couple full motion games just to be amazed by the video performance.  All this coupled with the low price make this device the way to go.

amazing phone, nexus is the best optimized android experiencie, camera is good for my needs, with the updates improved a lot of things.im really satisfied with my nexus.

Seriously, if you buy this phone you dont only save your money, it's a better phone than the currents flag ships (2013- early 2014)The hardware is high end, the phone construction is perfect, the screen is sharp. I love this phone.I bought it from amazon because i live in Venezuela and i can't buy it from the Playstore. It's more expensive, but it was worth it.

very nice looking phone. very fast boot and apps . 32 gb is great for photos, games, music and all other needs

I love google devices and I am not disappointed by nexus 5, top quality yet a very reasonable and fair price

The phone is beautiful, super super fast, good screen, pure android and a good price.  I definitely recommend it .

The Nexus 5 is the best Nexus yet and one of the best phones at that. I've had mine for approximately a week and couldn't be happier. I got the white one and think it looks fantastic. With that note, let's get into a review and we'll start on build quality:The build - the phone is solidly built and light too - I personally like a heaver phone being a man with larger hands. So, if you like lighter phones and find others too bulky, this may be refreshing for you. Some professional reviews state the phone is good or mediocre build at best which is patently false. Yes, there's a seam on this phone, especially owning a white version but it isn't some huge gap that's ugly or a place where you can push the two pieces together more. The phone has no creaks at all and the glass is flush on all sides. I mention the glass because I've owned Motorola, HTC, and even iPhones where the glass at the edge isn't even across the whole device and it drives me nuts. The new buttons are ceramic - ohhh! They are nice and work well. The sim card tray is next to the power button but I haven't noticed it at all searching for the button as it's very flush with the phone. There isn't an SD card slot on this phone - get over it. 32GB is enough for MOST users. If you are truly a power user who needs to swap out 64GB cards frequently for whatever reasons (I know some of you do exist) this isn't the phone for you. I'm sorry, the Nexus devices haven't had one in a long time and it's a cost saving measure too.Next is connectivity and calling - the main point of a phone, right? I won't discuss specific networks as that opens up a whole different debate that entire forums can't solve! LTE works screaming fast on the phone and it holds onto the signal well. HSPA+ is a beast on this phone too if your area doesn't have it. Calls connect well and nothing has dropped so far. The call quality is decent, which is a bummer as I'm one who still talks a lot on their phone. I haven't tried any HD voice features yet so that may help the issue. Wifi works well on the phone too both with 5ghz and 2.4ghz - my older router doesn't have all the latest standards but the phone supports any wifi you'll encounter. I'll point out that my house is an old one with huge blocks that love to cancel out any cell signals. This phone holds onto them and keeps them unlike other phones I've used on the same network.Screen - The best I've used. I have grown tired of the Samsung AMOLED screens and favor the route Apple and HTC and now LG have taken, for the most part. It's super crystal clear and even being a near-sighted blind person, I can't pick out pixels for the first time. Colors are pretty accurate and everything is great looking. The touch portion of the screen is great too with no issues. It works as well as any other top tier phone. Now 'for the most part' means I do notice this screen, as any LCD, cannot do true black unlike AMOLED. It's a feature left to that technology alone but it doesn't detract here as the screen is great and you don't notice unless you have a competing phone next to it.Battery - It's average on this phone. It isn't a beast like I've had on some Moto phones but it isn't a junker like some Samsung devices I've used too. After the first couple days, it evened out and with moderate use I can make it to 10pm bed-time. It isn't going to blow you away but it isn't the worst out there either. I'd have liked an option to use a removable battery as I don't mind a heavier device or battery - but clearly we are going to wafer light and thin devices.Camera - It's a good camera to me and leaps and bounds better than any past phone I've owned including other Nexus devices. Pictures come out clear and the HDR+ feature is pretty good as well. Pictures come out sharper and it even works well trying to take a picture of my moving baby. I can still tell it was taken with a phone vs. a stand-alone camera, but it's way more sufficient for my wants than I need. The wife takes the serious pictures, I just take pictures of things to make sure I bought the right item. So, if you aren't a budding photographer, this thing works well and even captures moving people well enough.Software - The new KitKat 4.4 is here and overall I love it more than the last version, just like I do with every android release. I won't give a comprehensive review of the OS here, but I'll touch on some things. Google added some developer options on this phone that you can enable as an option that make it scream. It moves faster than I can use it now and this is a great step for any phone OS. I've used Windows Phone 8 and many flavors of iOS and many versions of Android. This is by far my favorite OS now, hands down. MS has done well with 8, but this blows that out of the water now. iOS 7 has veered off to me and I personally don't like it. Anyway, this thing is fast! Google now is better than ever, but I had to turn it off as it sucked battery down. I hope Google addresses this as the service is awesome. Hangouts is cool that everything is in one spot, but it's clunky to use for SMS and everything. I wish google would have waited until everything in hangouts was totally done before merging, but they at least give you the option to download another SMS program and set it as the default now. You have got to love choices. Default email is better now and Gmail and calendar are excellent as ever. Overall it's a pleasant step forward and hardly anything I don't like.That's a basic review of the phone and I'll end with the overall value and point of the phone. Here on this great online retailer, the phone appears to cost more. You can easily go to the source, if available in your country, and purchase it for an incredibly great price. It is completely unlocked so you don't have to fiddle with buying an unlock code, which in the USA is now shady anyway, and waste more time and money. This phone also will get updates quickly without hassles or being left in the dust instantly. It's also priced at a mid-tier value, for almost all top tier specs and experiences. I think many pro-reviewers have worried that things like the camera or battery aren't toe to toe with other phones, but those do cost more. The bigger issue they miss is Android on this phone is unlike it on any other phone. That's worth something too and what I stress is the most important thing about this phone.

Love it. Fast as hell. Vanilla Android rocks. First Nexus series phone... Never getting any other for sure.The only con I can find, and maybe sounds as a joke... Is that sometimes, Android upgrades come too fast, and sometimes, specially with games, this causes minor compatibility issues.

Excellent smartphone battery lasts me all day, right now I have it with android 4.4.2 and greatly improves the phone, the camera is excellent and open any application without problems.Do not hesitate to buy the nexus 5.

I search internet a lot before i purchased the telephone. I dont regret my choice. It works perfect, fast, good color and definition. I love the fact that combines the kit kat ( i dont have to update the os for a while, its enough for me) with a reasonable price. I have been conected even n places with low signal. Im a nexus 7 user, so it was the perfect match.

I love the phone and it works well in every country I have been. I don't like the micro sim form factor and the fact that the battery cannot be changed. the whole thing is getting too close to the very reasons why I don't like Apple... Hope that will change in future versions. Wireless charging works like a charm. Battery life is very low though.

I love it, first time using a smartphone... with android. previous one was an Iphone 4... ande believe me... It works great!I'm Using it in Argentina and works great!

Just what I asked for. Quick.

I bought this phone to replace an iphone. I am pleasantly surprised by its capabilities, I am not that tech savy and this phone seems to know where I am going before I do, it shows me traffic conditions, etc. This started a few weeks after I got it. Its easy to use and the battery life is very good, holds a charge for 12+ hours

Works great! I got exactly what i wanted and faster than expected. What a great purchase. Thank you so much.

This phone satisfies appropiately my needs. I was using a Samsung Galaxy SII during more than 2 years and this Nexus 5 looks like the correct device for substitute my old and venerable Galaxy

Great cellphone! Faster, android Kitkat works perfect ! Simple to use...The camera is just OK... The sound ...too.. But if you want a smartphone faster for a good price....Nexus 5 is for You!

The best phone I've ever owned! Fast, fast fast! The screen is so sharp and bright that everything and everyone seems more beautiful now! :-)

Really great smartphone, fast, nice and powerful, I'd wish it has micro SD card slot but 32GB aren't bad at all.

Fast Shipper, great seller. Everything how expected to be, no damage what's so ever. Awesome gadget, never could go wrong with android phones, thank you.

In general, it is an excellent cellphone. The cam is a little bit under the quality of the shown by other models of high end cellphones of today, but I'm so happy whit my choice. Buy it, and you won't be disappointed.

Give it a good score for what is expected.Recommended this mobile phone very good. Excuse my English, I'm from Venezuela and I'm not very good with language.

excellent phone and with the appropriate apps,  your laptop will spend more time in your backpack. The only gripe is the camera that could have been better. It does work well though during daylight.

I absolutely love this phone. The only improvement that can be made, in my opinion, is battery life. I work from home, constantly next to my wireless charger, so for me it's not a big deal. However I could see some people having trouble getting through a work day on a single charge. Having said that, everything else is awesome. I love the understated looks of the white model - clean, simple. The pure Android experience is absolutely the best way to experience it, and it blows iOS 7 out of the water. I will not buy another iOS device until they play a little catch up. Apple hardware is great, but they are seriously behind the times as far as their OS goes.If you're going to try an Android device after using iOS7, I highly recommend going the pure Google route!

Nice performance, very smooth transictions... never rebooted since one month ago...Great battery durability even with Wifi activated all time

The excitement of the phone arriving and unboxing it was a fantastic experience. The phone was great for the first 3 weeks. Not until I started using it heavily with gaming apps. Its not that bad, but there are some minor lags while playing high graphic games. My phone has mysteriously froze once too when I was using the photosphere app. Kind of a disappointment to see a device that's a bit high-end, lag like that. Overall , the phone is great and exciting! I am using it right now to type this review! Lol.

Great phone..the more I use the more I like...make sure to get a case, phone can be a bit slippery..

The phone is great. Simplicity at its finest and its design has attracted a lot of attention. Best value for money

This Phone Met my expectations! Is a great phone and the only thing I might want for this phone to be perfect is a better camera...

i m just begining to use it, but is working very good right now.i think it will be very useful for me

exactly what I asked for.dough the battery dosent last so longthe phone is great.I definitively recommend to buy this phone.

Lighter than I thought, but I like the build quality and the performance is pretty snappy. Overall a really good phone for the price point,

the nexus arrived on 5/15/14. brand new in original package. handsome looking. i  charged and used it same day.  the phone automatically sleeps after 30 seconds of inactivity, i expect that except today i can't open it despite numerous attempts to hit the switch button.  it is like being in a state of coma. it is alert as it vibrates when i call. however, the screen remains dark, unresponsive, and the nexus tests one's ability on how you can make it rouse from sleep.

excellent smartphone,best android ever.excellent condition and shipment.no problem at all, i rate it as 5 stars.a must buy...

This is best flagship phone which gives you pure google experience! I bet you wont be disappointed with this! I ditched my Note 2 for this :)

nice phone. works well. arrived with the power plug damaged, I had to fix it. I was expecting more applications pre-installed because the strength of nowadays smartphones is in the quality of the installed applications. I had to guess what to install and I think Google could do a better job installing applications as do Apple and Samsung.

EVERYTHING WHAT IS MADE BY GOOGLE IS ALWAYS GONNA BE GREAT SO I DONT THINK I HAVE TO SAY MORE THAN THIS

Awesom, it's si fastest and confordable. Thanks for all. I'm from Venezuela and i'm so happy for my new cellphone

SO I was debating between the Iphone 5s and this phone, and am so glad I went this this one. It can get all the same aps  or close to it that does the exact same thingl as the Iphone  and have never had a problem with it after 2 months. Works flawless. (only thing I didn't care for was the phone ap that came with it(kept accidently dialing people), so downloaded a different ap, and it works so much better.  No regrets

well i got this phone today,brand new sealed.and i will sell my iphone5!why? a phone that cost 700$ and come without NFC and can't charged by a QI charger!? i don't think so! now i return to android cause kitkat and nexus 5! lower price and give you more than a iphone.i can enjoy doing everything on it,bluetooth nfc etc....why we should paid a lot of moneys for a phone with so many funtions that you never use them?! save your moneys and be a smart!

Great phone..  Just the battery could be a lot better  you really should get an external batt.  Besides that u am really happy with this.  You need to be an android enthusiast though to get the most of it

Great product and great saler.

It allowed me to do two things - Get off of Verizon's slow and oversubscribed network, and let me experience Android without a carrier installing tons of things I don't want.

This phone was a upgrade to my galaxy s3 and i love it, very light in the hand the snapdragon 800 works like butter

Meet all my expectations, the only incomplete fields of this phone, in my opinion, is the lack of an infrared port, some camera features, battery capacity and micro sd card support, but this issues where known from me after my purchase and the principal features in general of this phone make realize that in terms of value/cost, future implementations and posibilities, this phone is unmatched.

Excelente phone. You will find the best product from LG/Google. Very fast user interface.This phone comes with all Google Products installed. I dont know if you'll not use, if they would be unistalled. So, please verify this point first before buy.

Excellent phone!

I baught this for my girlfriend she loved it from the get go. Its light not to big and runs like a charm.

It is a great cell phone, so far the best I've bought, nothing to envy to other models of high gamma, as s4, iphone, etc.The performance is excellent, the only detail is the battery life and not bring headphones, but otherwise for me has nothing to envy to other modelsthank you very much.

I am stunned with the perfromance of this phone, it took amazing photos and videos the videocalling in skype is smooothing for proce/performance is the best choice for far.

All the prior reviews are accurate, but I thought it was important to add another perspective from a hands-on user.  I have been a google nexus user for several generations of the devices, enjoying the unlocked phone on T-mobile monthly plans at far less costs than AT&T.  I usually upgrade my nexus phone and pass the older generation to my spouse who doesn't seem to care about the tech specs.  I patiently waited for the release of the Nexus 5, and entered my order within the first hour, receiving the device from google play in early November.  After putting the phone through several days usage, which included minimal talk time (less than 10 min per day), about 10 texts per day, and 5 emails, I was surprised and disappointed to find battery life around 10% at 8pm at night.  If I was to have an active day or busy evening, I would be scrambling to get a quick charge to make it through the entire day.  My prior Nexus phones have seen much better battery life, and I spent a couple of days getting tips from the web to adjust settings to reduce battery drain, but to no significant result.  Perhaps I just had a faulty device.  Nevertheless, I returned my Nexus 5 and did not buy another yet. I may try again, but in the meantime I will wait for a few months to see what other kit kat phones become available.

Great phone! Easy switch from my previous iPhone to this phone. First time I'm using android. Very fast, great screen size and resolution.

I have the Nexus 10. Nexus 7. Now the lovely Nexus 5. They are all so smart devices, so quick and, even the Nexus 10, so compact and slim. Put them all side-to-side each other, and they do look good. I have waited years to get devices like these and, even tho I have also got the iPads, I can honestly say these Nexus devices are the best I have ever seen...I'm really impressed with all of them.I had an old Ericsson phone, it must be, almost 10 years now and thought it was time to replace it for a smartphone.But I wasn't too keen on the iPhone, my sons got the iPhone 5, because how small they are. But when I saw Google was bringing the Nexus 4 out, I decided to get that but I never did. I'm glad now that I waited for them to bring the Nexus 5 out, becaz I understand its slimmer and a lot more compact, also the camera is better than the previous model. Comparing this Nexus5 to the iPhone5 it is a Fabolous size and I always knew the iPod 4 was small, but having the Nexus5, iv realised just how small it is so now I will only be using the iPod for media only.This is the best phone I have owned, it's even easier to use than my land-line phone....I'm not technical at all.The dial pad is terrific and so simple to use,and the volume is crystal clear. I love the fact that the speakers are on the bottom of the phone near to the loudspeaker and micAlso, becaz iv never used a smart phone before, I'm amazed just how quick it charges and if you compare it to ordinary mobile phones that aren't Smart, I'm extremely impressed with the battery life.The camera is amazing, I have never seen a camera so precise and the pictures come out so clear and sharp, it's just as tho you are seeing the real object and not seeing it through a lens. Front and back camera I found really good, but for obvious reasons the back camera is a lot more sharper, giving a cleaner photo all round.I haven't text on the phone yet......Google sent me this earlier to show me how to do texting - SMS - 'HANGOUTS'[...]I wanted an emoji keyboard for the Nexus and this is itiPhone Emoji Keyboard support slideI just love using these emoji symbols. I actually got this one from GooglePlayStore for my Nexus5 phone and it works fab. You just 'default' the emoji keyboard and then it works in the exact same way as on the iPads. Use it when writing Emails - typing on-line - SMS. It is so much fun to use., and it's brilliant that you can have the Emoji for Android, not just for iOS devices.Went on the net earlier and just like the other two devices, it's so quick. Browsing and Emails, I couldn't ask for a faster smart-phone...it's so genius, clever.Also, I have played a couple of my games that I got from GooglePlay, played 'Tilt 3d Labyrinth' where you have got to get the marbles across the board by 'tilting' your device and make sure they dnt drop down the holes.So touch friendly -it honestly felt like I was playing my nexus 7 or 10, obviously apart from the size difference, I'm still amazed that it was a phone that I'm using.When I got the phone from GooglePlay, I should have asked them about the sim becaz unfortunately I didn't realise it was a Micro-Sim, so I had to wait a few days for my Mobile Operator to send one. But at least I was able to still use it as a small tablet whilst waiting for the Sim to arrive.I downloaded the Amazon AppStore onto my Nexus, which I can't understand as it says iv got the max amount of devices - 10.- and I have only got 3 devices, I dnt even think I downloaded the AppStore onto the 7...so it might just be just the two devices, so where's the others come from??Edit: 1st Dec -When I rang Amazon to enquire this, we eventually realised its everytime Android OS gets updated the PlayStore looks at it as a new device. Unfortunately there's nothing that can be done to resolve this issue apart from the customer deleting older versions of the OS ourselfs within 'Apps and Devices' - 'Devices'. I find this annoying, but at least we know now what the problem is.I also downloaded the Amazon Music Player and, even tho I haven't downloaded any music onto the device it self yet, playing the music from the cloud was really clear.I will add more into this review, but I have only just started using it...but overall I'm extremely impressed with my new phone - Tablet.Also, one reviewer I have noticed has given this amazing device such an appalling review just becaz there's no 'paper' instructions.We are 'trying' to be Planet Friendly and so the best way is to reduce the amount of paper that's used. All the instructions can be found via the internet, just Google Nexus 5 or phone Google themselves as they have a dedicated help-line. But, like I have said I'm not technical at all, so if I have no problems anyone can work this device out and that's not even getting advice. It's so simple to use.I have just received an Email regarding instructions on how to get started with the Nexus 5, including some really useful tips also[...](I also need to add that I'm reviewing the Nexus device and not the seller, as I always buy directly from the Manufacture whenever possible).

I've been a long time Nexus brand user, owning the first generation Nexus 7 and Nexus 4. I also have an iPad 3 and an iPod Touch 4th generation. I wrote a lengthy Nexus 7 review before; here is my lengthy Nexus 5 review updated after over a month of straight usage. It should cover the vast majority of topics on the device. Let's get started on what possibly is the best high end phone deal in America.(1) Hardware:Personally, in my opinion, high to medium end devices from reputable brands have reached the point where most people won't be able to tell the difference or the difference won't be something they regularly use. That said, I'm still going to cover it, if you're not interested in the nerd talk about hardware, then all you need to know is that the phone is capable hardware wise for demanding users and honestly overkill for average users. Skip this section of my review and head on down to the camera portion.The device is built on a Qualcomm S800 Pro processor. Clocked at 2.2 GHz quadcore processor, the phone screams on speed. I'm not a fan of mobile benchmarks due to their inherent problems of actually measuring what they claim, but benchmarks all put the Nexus 5 at the moment in the top end of performance. Compared to my Nexus 7's Tegra 3, the Nexus 5 has a fighter jet engine compared to the first generation Nexus 7's turboprop engine.There's also a Hynix 2 GB RAM chip running at DDR3 1600 Mhz, and either a 16 GB or 32 GB Sandisk NAND memory chip depending which model you bought. Google is charging $50 more for the 32 GB device. That's about a 625% markup over wholesale NAND prices. Take that as you will.There are Bluetooth, NFC, GPS and unlike the Nexus 4, a slim-port compatibility, thus letting you connect the phone to a monitor or television screen. LG/Google kept the wireless charging from the Nexus 4, to which the wireless charger has to be purchased separately.The phone comes with an Adreno 330 graphics chip. I'm not a big mobile gamer, but this per the professional reviews and FPS benchmarks will handle every game out for Android. For non-gamers, the Adreno 330 is overkill.Microphone and talk clarity are on par with Nexus 4, meaning fine. Speaker seems to have more noise at higher volumes. Also, speaker is mono despite there being two grills at the bottom. One grill is for the microphone.Connects via standard USB, where the device itself has a microUSB connection. Plugging the device into your computer brings it up as another removable storage device where you can simply drop and drag files into folders. Easy file movement plus standard USB makes the device very simple to use and standard charging conventions make it easy to find chargers around your house and office. Sometimes the device goes wonky on USB connection (was a Nexus 4 issue as well), so just go into settings and storage, click on the settings (3 vertical boxes) and change the connection to PTP or MPT and the phone will reappear properly.Like all recent Nexus devices, no MicroSD slot and no removable battery. MicroSD slot is partially alleviated now that USB OTG works. See my "other" section for more details.You can find these specific parts on iFixit's tear down which gave it a solid 8/10 for user repair. For the low price of $349/$399, there is no other phone with this quality hardware that for the price.Right now, due to shortages in supply, many people are scalping the phones for profit. If you can wait, the phone will ship between 2 and 4 weeks and if the Nexus 4 timeline tells us anything, quickly reach the point where it's under a week. My phone took a little under 3 weeks to deliver from ordering it on the 1st of November.(2) Camera:The back camera is still an 8 megapixel and front is 1.3 megapixel, same as the Nexus 4. Low light has improved considerable and HDR+ alleviates many of lighting problems. HDR is a software/hardware combination that takes three photos, one underexposed, one overexposed and one regular and the software combines them to even out the lighting issues to produce the best possible shot. Graininess has been reduced as well. Google keeps the same minimal interface for the camera with the select and drag method for changing options.Image stabilization is so-so and the camera can be slow to focus at times. The Nexus 5 camera is an improvement over the Nexus 4, but a Lumia this is not.  Google released updates to the Android OS that had specific Nexus 5 camera fixes. The camera's improved, but it's still relatively slow at focusing. However, image quality has improved considerably as have night shots. The only real criticism now is that the camera is slow to focus.(3) Android 4.4 - Operating System:Google's latest and greatest is on display here. Android 4.4, otherwise known as Kitkat comes pre-installed on the phone. There are some changes from Android 4.3 Jelly bean. Like all Nexus devices, operating system updates are done over the air via Google. No waiting on device manufacturers or carriers.The launcher has changed and on the Nexus 5 (and it's exclusive to the Nexus 5), and widgets are now removed from the app screen and are accessed by pressing and holding down on a home screen.Icon sizes have been enlarged in the app library, and formatting has been tweaked.Android Run Time (ART) is now available as opposed to the stock Google Dalvik compiler. Allegedly, ART nets a handful more hours out of the device per some reviews, but I haven't noticed any difference. In theory, ART should speed up the device, but with the S800 Pro already blazing fast, it's questionable if anyone will notice, your mileage will vary. Also, some apps are broken under ART.Google has prominently placed Google search on the top of the phone and included the new function of simply talking to your phone to have it fulfill requests. Simply say "Ok Google" and the Google Now function loads up where you can ask questions or request information simply by talking to it. Phone has to be unlocked for it to work as opposed to the Moto X which I believe will work without unlocking.Hangouts has merged with text messaging for a combined app. As with all Android phones, you can download another app and make it your default over Hangouts. Currently the Hangouts change in my opinion was a mistake. Group texting via SMS has problems with sending, the app prioritizes sending to Gmail accounts over SMS and you can't mix SMS and Gmail group chats together. The separation in 4.3 was a better system.Google kept the Sywpe like typing option on its default keyboard (drag your fingers between keys rather than typing) and notification center appears to be the same from 4.3. Colors however for notification went from blue to white. Also the notification flashing light is still there from the Nexus 4. It's sort of like the Blackberry's red flashing LED, but at the bottom.Outside of the changes from 4.3, stock Android 4.3, stock meaning there's no "skin" over it such as Touchwiz or HTC's Sensation, runs extremely fast. Apps load instantly, everything is extremely responsive. This is not Android Honeycomb that was an unresponsive lag filled mess. It is however, less intuitive than iOS 6/7. Android verse Apple has always been like this and its personal preference. That said, if you're in to nearly complete customization, widgets, lock screen information and generally busting out of a walled garden to have your phone do what you want it to do, this is your cup of tea.(4) Battery Life:The battery life on the Nexus 5 is better than the Nexus 4. A slight boost of 200 mAh to 2,300 from 2,100 mAh is minor and it appears the gains are from the operating system primarily. Some user are reporting with ART, they can last a full day as opposed to 16 to 17 hours on Dalvik, some users are reporting the same battery life.After more than a month of the usage on the device, I find that battery life is generally superior to the Nexus 4 and going a whole day is not a problem. This isn't a Note 3 that will last all day gaming. Mileage will vary depending on your behavior.The biggest killer of battery aside from constant gaming is using LTE in an area with weak LTE signal. The phone (like all phones) will eat up huge amounts of battery trying to maintain the bad signal. Sometimes it will drain 20% of my battery in an hour or two on standby. Switching to 3G as the primary network reduces standby usage to a few percent over two or three hours.(5) Build & Looks:The phone comes in two colors, black and white. Note that the white version does not extend the white to the front; it's just the back panel.The phone is fairly light and considerably lighter than the Nexus 4. It is still a black rectangle like most smartphones. LG/Google have forgone the glass backing from the Nexus 4. This should significantly reduce real damage as the soft plastic backing is far less susceptible to shattering like glass. The phone is a bit thinner than the Nexus 4.Screen is 4.95 inches, with confirmed Gorilla Glass 3. The phone is using IPS which gives better clarity and color than the Nexus 4. Resolution is set at 1,920-by-1,080 pixel for a 445 pixel density (PPI). I'd still use a screen guard as the face drop test reveals that Gorilla Glass 3 is good for preventing scratches, but so-so to horrendously bad on impact resistance.Side bezels are very minimal, but the top and bottom bezels are still large. Overall, it's not going to wow people upon first look, but most of us are here for performance and pure Android, what excites us is not how a phone looks, but what we can do with it.(6) LTE & Carrier Support:Google is selling these phones completely unlocked, meaning that you can go to any carrier that supports its bands and it should work.Unlike the Nexus 4, the Nexus 5 is LTE enabled. This was a huge reason for me to get the Nexus 5 as I'm paying for T-Mobile's LTE on the simple plan but I wasn't able to access it. My local HSPA+ was topping out around 11 Mbp/s in the heart of Honolulu to a paltry 4 Mbp/s in my house away from the heart of the city. LTE has pushed urban speed to over 30 Mbp/s (per my last test) and my house to over 9 Mbp/s. Your mileage will of course vary.Nexus 5's LTE will work with bands on T-Mobile, Sprint and AT&T.; Verizon has some LTE bands that the Nexus 5 doesn't support and Verizon and Google have some ideological issues that are preventing them from working together on the Nexus line. T-Mobile is selling the device non-subsidized at a $100 markup financed over 24 months at 0%. Sprint is selling the phone subsidized at $49 but you'll pay it all back and more through subsidy recovery fees built into the monthly bill. AT&T; isn't selling the device but will support BOYD Nexus 5. Be aware though, unless you're on AT&T;'s prepaid Aio service, you're still going to be paying for subsidy recovery fees even though you didn't get a subsidy from AT&T.;A lot of people don't seem to understand that the amount they pay for the phone on day one, usually $199 is not the total price they pay for the phone. That's the down payment. AT&T;/Sprint/Verizon and previously T-Mobile recover their subsidy via the fees they charge in their monthly. T-Mobile and other non-contract carriers have broken out of this model and give a dosage of transparency to monthly billings as to what is service fee and what is subsidy recovery. If you buy an unlocked phone from Google and take it to T-Mobile, you will not be charged a device fee. If you take it to Verizon/AT&T;/Sprint outside of their prepaid options, you will be charged a device fee even though you did not get a subsidy. This will vastly increase the total price you pay for your phone. Keep that in mind.The best deal for this phone if you don't talk much is T-Mobile's $30 a month plan for 100 minutes, unlimited text and 5 GB of LTE, unlimited 3G. Download Google Voice for data calling if you need more talk time. For two years of service, that's $1,069 in total monthly and phone bills. That's less than the cost of 10 months of Verizon.If you're looking at other plans, Apple has done an extremely fantastic job of comparing AT&T;, Sprint, Verizon and T-Mobile's myriad plans into a single nice webpage. Google "iPhone Plans Comparison" for the best simple comparison of American big carrier plans. Apple labels these "iPhone Plans" but they are generic smartphone plans that anyone on any compatible device can purchase.(7) Other:Unlike the Nexus 4, USB Hosting OTG works. I personally don't find this that important, considering that OTG is a hassle on a device that's constantly on the move, but it is a big change from the Nexus 4 which didn't apply sufficient voltage to power USB Hosting. If you're wondering what USB Hosting/OTG is, USB Hosting and "On The Go" lets a phone or tablet to plug in a USB device in and let the device via the right program access the storage on the USB device. I'm currently using the Nexus Media Importer (as I previously bought that for the Nexus 7) as it lets me do this without rooting. I was never a big memory user on my Nexus 4, but I know some people are. Google "Meenova" for a more compact design that will let you access MicroSD cards on your Nexus 5. See my picture in the photo gallery.When I first started the phone up, Google play strangely tried to download and install every app I'd previous bought. What gives? I had to manually stop the install of certain apps.Sound quality via headphones is solid, but depends also on the quality of your headphones/earphones. Sound on the speaker is relatively low.Rooting is available now and there are a few ROMs for the Nexus 5 if you wish to play around.Accessories are flooding Amazon as well as eBay for relatively affordable prices. I'm using the[AIR CUSHION] Spigen Google Nexus 5 Case ULTRA HYBRID [Black] [1 FREE Premium Japanese Screen Protector + 2 FREE Graphics] Anti-Scratch Bumper Case with Clear Back Panel for Nexus 5 - ECO-Friendly Package - Black (SGP10609), but I'm not entirely happy as the flush buttons make it hard to use one handed as opposed to myRINGKE FUSION for Google Nexus 4 Best Selling Shock Absorption Bumper + Anti Scratch Clear Back Premium Hybrid Case [Eco/DIY Pkg.][BLACK].Personally, I do love Android. I can simply turn my phone on, look at my lock screen at the Dashclock Widget and see how many texts I have, emails, weather notifications Facebook notifications and so on without having to unlock my phone. I can also turn on GPS, silence my phone, the flash light on and other functions from my lock screen too. The Nexus 5 gives me a great affordable option.(8) Conclusion:The Nexus 5 has some drawbacks, adequate camera, no MicroSD slot, no removable battery and lacking some of Verizon's LTE bands. It does provide a blazing fast processor, roaring graphics chip, an extremely stock version of Android, thin and light design for a very affordable unlocked price. And it's Sprint capable. Android does take some time to learn, but it offers nearly complete customization. For $349 and a dose of willingness to learn, you can't go wrong here.TLDR: Blazing fast smartphone, okay camera, no bloatware, no Verizon, unlocked and just $349~399.

Amazing phone, out of all the phones I've had this one is by far the best and my favorite and will hang on to till something, if ever, better comes out

If you want the best of what Android has to offer, look no further.  I hate to say it, but Samsung devices are no match for this device.  You won't get the best of Android with Samsung (or any other brand) so you really can't compare it to iOS and iDevices.  This phone however is the real deal.  This is the device that keeps Tim Cook up at night!

I really like the lightening fast speed of the phone.Quality is very good. Not a super fan of LCD, 'cause I'm so use to AMOLED.

I have held off getting a new phone for quite some time. I must say I have never had a better phone than this in my entire life. Great price, too!

GOOGLE NEXUS 5 ......was a last minute thought as a Christmas gift for my wife.After placing my order ,this phone was delivered within 48 hours, she is very happy & phone is working good too.THANKS AMAZON & MANGO WIRELESS.

Overall this is a great phone. The only down side is that it comes with a bunch of pre-installed apps such as google book, google +, etc. that you can't uninstall them.

I bought the phone last month. The phone fell off my desk while well protected in a plastic case, and the screen is broken. I sent in the phone, and LG says it's not covered by warranty because of physical damage. Now I'll have to pay almost 200 dollars for the repair. The same type of incidents happened to my previous HTC phone at least ten time, and I never had any problem. So, a cheap phone is a cheap phone. You eventually end up to pay more than a good quality product.I also own a LG drier, and it's broken after just more than one year. And I had to pay almost 300 dollars for the repair since it's out of its one year warranty period. From my experience, LG products are of low quality, made of cheap materials, and I will never buy anything made by LG again.

the nexus was not what i expected. i bought it particularly for the 'outstanding camera' that everyone boasts about but the camera app is actually very slow. there is like a 3 sec delay in taking pictures which cause you to miss all those special moments.
