
The LG G2 is a very nice phone, has lots of featues, the pictures come out great, the speaker has great clearity and not to mention it's easy to operate.....

This has been the best phone I have had. Putting music on it is easy and the processor is super fast. Great job LG

This is a real cool phone. The speaker quality isn't the best, but all in all, it is a great phone. I had to send mine back due to issues with my carrier (Sprint). But I would most definitely recommend this phone.

This is a geart phone. It was a day late getting to my house with amazon prime. Its a nice big phone and the battery last a whole day of use. And it was only $0.01

Holster was too tight of a grip on very soft silicone phone glove. I generally don't like slide out holsters, my prior clip out holster worked better.

*scroll down for an important heads up prior to purchasing*I was torn on how to rate this because I am very ambivalent (in love the device and disappointed with one aspect). Previous reviewers mentioned many of the specs which truly standout. The battery is simply incredible. I do not use it as much as some smart phone junkies, but I use it consistently and never have it run out in one charge. It's wonderful knowing I can spend time playing videos, music, constantly checking scores or social media and reading news or ebooks - the screen is just large enough for me to do so comfortably making my Samsung 2 7.0 tablet practically obsolete. The camera is excellent and despite all the reviews and information I read prior to purchasing, the speed of the processor still took me by surprise.The screen is absolutely gorgeous. I am very impressed with many of the features such as 'smart video' where the forward-facing camera detects your eyes and pauses the video when you look away. You can also take video simultaneously using the main and forward-facing cameras (picture-in-picture style). This device can also use facial recognition with the forward facing camera to unlock your phone. I'm not sure how much use I will get out of these last two features but their novelty impresses me.The rear-buttons grew on me in under a week and I prefer them hands down. I love being able to resume from sleep by double-tapping and as others have mentioned, never find myself accidentally turning the screen off or accidentally adjusting the volume which is quite important in my job because I can't accidentally turn my ringer on at work. Pocket dialing also seems to be a non-issue for me and I adjusted to the change almost immediately.*heads up*The ONLY reason I give this less than 5 stars is because in some areas, there are significant problems connecting to sprints new tri-band 4g LTE networks. Instead of utilizing simultaneous voice and LTE (SVLTE) like previous models, they are utilizing enhanced Circuit Switch Fallback (eCSFB). When you are using LTE, it has to change over to CDMA to receive calls and text messages and this can seriously hamper your ability to consistently use their LTE networks. Theoretically this will work seamlessly eventually and in some areas already does. In other areas (such as here in Portland), this is lacking. Sprint is majorly overhauling their networks to ensure corrections, however this will take time. If you are someone who relies on having LTE data speeds, you should research the 'eCSFB gap' and see if your area has corrected this problem, will soon or may not for some time. Since I primarily use wifi for data (given it's ubiquity in Portland) and 3g speeds often suit my needs, it hasn't been a huge issue but it was disappointing to spend what I did for this phone to learn that I may not immediately have reliable access to LTE data performance as I expected.If this concerns you, search 's4gru' and/or the 'eCSFB Gap' to learn more about this issue and if you could be affected prior to purchasing if this is an issue pertinent to your phone selection choice.As indicated by my overall rating, I still don't regret this purchase and love this device however I am a bit disappointed that sprint wasn't more forthcoming about these issues and has been slow to offer concrete timetables of when they will be resolved in many areas. If and when this situation is ameliorated, this device will absolutely get five starts from me.I also recommend the 'high gloss clear' case by Diztronic for the white version - protection without bulk keeping a sleek, gorgeous phone looking good and remaining pocket friendly.

Talked into buying this for work. Some I'm stuck with a service contract that is worthless. And the phone belongs to my work. I live in the Denver area. Every since Sprint started upgrading their network here I can't even make and receive calls. Data speed is unusable. Promises, promises from Sprint. None even close to being kept. I will never ever use Sprint again. Oh yeah, no wireless charging on the Sprint models. Knew that going in. But I guess it isn't a big deal because I've quit even taking the POS when I leave my house.  If you're in Denver area, run as fast as you can from Sprint. Read up on other sites, I'm not exaggerating.

For some reason the double tap feature always makes me think of Harry Potter tapping twice on the Marauders Map and saying Mischief Managed. Corniness aside I absolutely love this phone. I really wanted the Samsung Galaxy S4 but it was sold out so I &#34;settled&#34; for this phone. Sometimes settling is a good thing.Like a lot of reviewers I thought the back power and volume buttons would be annoying but I love their placement. They're unobtrusive and never get in the way. I love the double tap feature and find myself tapping everything now and getting annoyed when it doesn't work. This double tap feature is so important to me now that I'm not sure I want a phone that doesn't have it.I didn't know that the phone did not have a removable battery or an SD card slot when I took it home but that has actually not bothered me at all. The 32 GB is plenty because all my music is in the cloud anyway and Dropbox automatically backups all my photos. It may be that in a few years when the battery has a problem I'll care more about it. Battery life right now is amazing and the phone charges really quickly. Yes GPS does suck power but I just keep it on the charger when using GPS. The phone is really responsive however it has frozen and rebooted a few times when I did something too fast.The other day out of the blue the screen brightness on the Kindle app kept changing from dim to bright so I powered the phone down and restarted it. When the phone restarted it looked just like it did when I first took it out of the box. It had the default Sprint apps displayed and all my carefully arranged apps had disappeared from the screens. I still had all my apps installed but they were no longer displayed. That was a very frustrating experience as it took a while to get everything back the way it had been. I did take the opportunity to acquaint myself with the Home Screen option in Settings where you can backup app/widget layouts and themes (Home backup & restore). If I had used this setting after first setting up my phone 3 months ago I would have saved myself a lot of aggravation.The size of the phone is perfect. I have very long fingers and smaller phones always fell out of my hands multiple times a day. This phone feels perfect in my hands and I can hold it and Swype with one hand. The biggest plus is that I have not dropped the phone once in the three months I've had it.I switched from Virgin Mobile and it was a very quick process for Tech Support to switch my number over to Sprint. The cell tower upgrade issues have been a huge pain but I finally get LTE continuously wherever I go now.The camera takes great pictures and is very easy and quick to use. The flash work well and I've taken some great pictures in the dark. The screen is beautiful. I like having a background picture on my text messages. The remote app is super useful as our main TV remote has buttons that don't respond any longer. I especially like the idea of changing the channel when my husband is hogging the remote during March Madness.TIP: For folks who hate losing their text messages when switching phones, the SMS Backup & Restore app is awesome for moving those text messages from your old phone to the new phone.

I absolutely LOVE SO MANY things about this phone but at the same time there are things that I absolutely hate. First and the BIGGEST issue is the keyboard. This is the BIGGEST problem with the phone. It will work like a charm then all of a sudden out of no where it will go bananas when you're typing. If you go to type &#34;and&#34; for example you will end up with &#34;aaaaaaaaannnnddd&#34; wtf?! I did tons of research and the best thing I found was to NOT use Swype . That is just unacceptable considering it is a necessity for me to use Swype to type. Swype is the ONLY reason I switched to a non-qwerty hard button phone. Switching the keyboard input to the LG keyboard did resolve that issue for the most part but I just can't stand typing without Swype since I had grown so accustomed to it. This keyboard situation was more frequent then not when using Swype making me almost go bald from pulling my hair out from the frustrations of it.A second issue I have is the fact that it boasts this 13 Megapixel camera and quite frankly it sucks. It is HELLA slow!!! And will only take pictures worth keeping with lots of light. Don't try taking a pic at a concert or the club b/c that's just wasting your time. The video quality is good but don't try recording at a concert or any loud even because that's yet another waste.Another bad thing is the lack of a micro SD card slot. It gives you 32G of built in memory of which only about 26G is accessible. This isn't too bad but makes it a pain when it comes time to, for example, take pictures off your phone. I also liked using my digital camera to take pictures then swapping the SD card in my Galaxy S2 with the camera one and uploading some lovely high quality pix taken with my real camera right on the spot instead of having to wait until I got home to upload any of the pictures taken with my camera.Lastly for the bad, my phone tends to randomly drop calls. Now I don't talk on my mobile barely ever and if I do it is only for a few minutes so for it to randomly disconnect me &#62;50% of the time I AM on phone talking, I couldn't imagine being a frequent talker and having this happen all the time to me.Now here is the &#34;bad&#34; part...there are so many great features of this phone that make me torn to get rid of it. First the Quick Memo app is just AWESOME! It has come in handy so many times I have lost count. If you are talking to someone and need to quickly write a number down to then text or call them Quick Memo is your go to!The screen is an amazing 5.2&#34; and looks SO DANG SHARP and beautiful when watching youtube videos, movies, etc. For having such a MASSIVE screen the phone itself is impressively small. It is about the same width as my S2 and just a 1/2&#34; or so taller which isn't bad considering the screen dwarfs the S2's and is the size of my wife's entire iPhone 4. I put her iPhone on top of my G2 and the iPhone looks like a toy.You can also do things with the QSlide feature which helps you multitask easily while viewing an app in a small window on your screen. You can adjust the transparency and move it around the screen at your own free will. I use this feature frequently with the calculator.The LG G2 is also incredibly fast and snappy. It rarely lags even with multiple apps open and running at the same time. I noticed the biggest difference from my Galaxy S2 when it came to things like opening a game. It was 75% faster at the least!The G2 ALSO has another awesome feature of the QSlide which would let you, with the use of a three fingers action, swipe up to 3 apps to the side to be saved to return back to. So if you had to send a text but needed to reference a website to get info to text you could swipe the web browser a side then open your messaging and you could then switch between them without losing your place in either. This feature has come in handy quite a few times too.The Sprint version has the 4G LTE which I liked more than the Sprint WiMax. It switches over to 4G when it's accessible and goes back to 3G when it is not. I noticed drastic speed changes versus always using only the 3G and having to turn on the 4G when you wanted faster speeds. This would kill your battery like there was no tomorrow and the coverage was very limited.Lastly I wanted to mention the 3300mA battery. This is a beast! It doesn't appear to make the phone any larger but gives you at least two times the battery life versus an iPhone or any other standard 1500-1800mA battery filled Android. I am an average user and I can have my G2 last me a minimum of 1 1/2 days. If I don't use it much I can go two days on the same charge no questions asked. One bad part is that it is built into the phone so there is no buying a second battery to have charged to swap out in those just in case moments.Hopefully that helps you get a better understanding of the LG G2 from Sprint. I would say if you don't mind using the regular keyboard (not Swype) and don't talk on the phone too much, this could be a great phone for you!

Very intuiative, good battery life, the volume button takes a little getting used to overall its a beautiful phone. The only problem I had with it was the reception needs to be improved the call quality improve after an update was done. I returned it for the note 3 for that reason but I still like it alot. Other than that I would definitely rate it A+

I have had previous LG phones, and this is by far the best I have used.  It took a little getting used to the size.  The back buttons that everyone is talking about is of no consequence.  Two taps on the front and I never even use the back buttons.  My older LG would come on in my purse and begin calling numbers from the button getting bumped, but this phone does not do that.  The screen is vivid and clear, and although smaller, seems like I am watching an HD TV.  I just love this phone.

This phone did not allow you to use a sd card...all of my photos could not be downloaded to the phone and all of the study's you had to do with transferring things was entirely too much. I sold the phone in 2 days and went back to Samsung products...LG products really suck. Plus the G2 had a million pre-installed apps that u couldn't remove.

Pro's:Excellent Battery LifeBeautiful ScreenVirtually Bezel-less DisplayVery CustomizableFastCon's:Stock Browser Doesn't Have Text ReflowSingle Speaker is weak (coming from an HTC One w/Dual Front Facing Speakers)

this phone is awesome n im happy that i waited on getting it. it only cost me a penny sweet

excellent specs on this beautiful design smartphone coming off the galaxy s3 i decide to go with this lg g2 and is fantastic , easyt to use and for now im testing how long the battery lasts , but overall great phone which finally sprint supports the tri-mode lte network is fast

Just received my BEAUTIFUL white LG G2 Sprint phone yesterday!! It came on time, and is truly an amazing phone. The battery life is unbelieveable! The features rival the Iphone. This phone is FAST, comfortable, beautiful. The screen is crystal clear, speaker, sound & call quality are great. The back buttons are actually a welcomed and comfortable change. With a 5.2 in screen, I was really worried it would be too big to handle & look silly, but somehow the entire phone & set up just works. Hands down the best phone I have ever owned & I couldnt be happier! &#128512;&#128147;&#10084;

This phone is amazing. I cant find one thing wrong with it. It has everything I could want in a phone. The camera and video are absolutely amazing for a phone. Better than most digital cameras. The screen quality is crystal clear. I've finally found a phone I can be happy with for a long time.

This phone is incredible! The battery lasts forever and it's very fast. Sleek design and &#34;tap on&#34; is great. I would recommend it to anyone!

Bought phone for my wife and she loves it..... she came from the HTC Evo 4G lte which is a good phone but dated. She loves the knock on feature and the camera. It's simple enough to use and flashy and fast enough to show off to her &#34;iPhone&#34; friends at work. The battery life is great but I recommend getting the Zerolemon protection case with extended battery inside...never worry about charging phone for days. Great Phone.

This is a great phone, has an amazing cammera with awesome modes. This phone has remotte for your electronics, blutooth tranfer, swipe to watch on tv, the screen is smooth and slides faster then the iphone, its super clear and crisp, it pauses video when you look away, turns screen off if your face is away from it for a certain length of time, comes with 32gb of storage and the quad processor and ram make everything on this phone load super fast and run without ANY lag. The battery has a 5 day stand by life. I can play movies, games, search the internet, take pictures and talk on this phone all day long and the charge will last for about 20-25 hours. If you had to choose any phone for this price range i would highly recomend the g2 its amazing. If you wish for something similar and want to pay more go with the s4. Friend has that phone and these 2 run about the same in every way but the s4 if you buy the $40 extended life battery seperately will litterally have a 5 day running life battery charge. He litterally charges it on the weekend (takes 2 days to fully charge) then uses it for all 5 work days and waits until saturday morning for it to die then recharges it... only thing is it adds almost 1 pound in weight to the phone, anyway those are my top choices you decide :)

This is an overall great phone. Purchased during an online sale here on amazon.com. For $20 its was a steal. It's got an amazing camera, super fast app switching and it has a good battery life. At first it was dying really quick, but now the battery seems to last all day. Overall 9/10 rating. I would give it 10, but I've had lock up issues using swipe. Get it if it's on sale. You won't be sorry.

Replaced galaxy nexus with this phone.  Its very responsive with a &#34;buttery&#34; feel when swiping through different screens.  Not &#34;stock&#34; android like the nexus line, but close enough.  Pictures are beautiful and easy to take.pros-very responsive-quck camera functioncons-not stock android, but has very little &#34;bloatware&#34;-keyboard layout is interesting

I upgraded to the G2 from a Galaxy Nexus with stock Android.  My biggest concern was going back to a phone with bloatware and a customized launcher, but LG's interface is nowhere near as maddening as TouchWiz or Sense. Sprint's bloatware is.... pretty substantial, actually, but it's easy enough to ignore.Regarding the hardware, I was really blown away from the start, and after a few months of heavy usage I still am very impressed.  The clarity of the display is superb, and LG did an excellent job of fitting such a large screen in such a (comparatively) small footprint.  Memory issues and CPU lags have been virtually nonexistent.  Battery life is better than any previous smartphone I've owned, though that's not really saying a whole lot.  I can get two good days of use out of one charge (I use very little talk time, but between streaming music, push notifications from my Exchange server, and spotty network coverage in my area, my old Nexus's battery would last less than a day).The only real quirk with this phone is the placement of the power/volume buttons on the back of the unit.  While no more than a minor annoyance during normal operation, it does become an issue when using a car mount or dock that wasn't specifically designed for this device.  However, the UI compensates for this by allowing you to sleep/wake the phone by double-tapping the home screen or status bar, and the volume is pretty easily controlled through the notification tray.  So all-in-all, it's an odd design choice but easy to work around.

the headphone jack doesn't fit anything its not a 3.5 millimeter and it started a 4.0 millimeter..... I would not recommend this if you plan on listening to music

My niece loves it. She said it Is the best smart phone and she will recommended this product to her friends

I bought this phone in oct 2013 and i do not regret it. Its a whole new thing with this phone everything is great about this phone. The tap tap feature is great just tap on the screen and it turns off and on. Im used to tapping on my phone i even do it to my ipad then i realize its not my phone lol. The buttons on the back also are great becsuse its more of a natural feel. When youre making a call the fingers are right by the buttons so if you need to modify your volume. Also you can take pictures with the volume keys its great for when you are taking "selfies" lol. The screen is gorgeous when playing movies or games. I love this phone i would not change phones for anything.

Love, love, love it~~ I was an iPhone user for years, then went with an HTC ONE because I was afraid of plastic build phones, but this LG G2 I couldm't ask more from. Very customizable. The power and volume buttons on the backside is original and easy to adjust to. I recommend this phone. Shipment was so fast I didn't think it would arrive when promised, but to my surprise I was completely wrong. Great purchase~~~!!!!!

I really like the phone. The battery last all day and the phone performs REALLY SMOOTHLY.The only problem I would say is that the front camera isn't too good.Coming from the galaxy s3, and comparing it to other phones (the note, gs4, iphone) this phone takes weird looking front facing photos.Other then that the phone is really great!!! It feels nice, it's beautiful, ALL DAY BATTERY, charges very quickly, never lags on me!

This phone has by far been the best phone I've ever own. I would have never guessed that would stray away feom the Galaxy family.The battery life on this phone is one of the many outstanding qualities. If you purchase on you will not regret it!

Very nice screen. Long battery life. Very fast, no hesitation no matter the task. Feels substantial and well made when you hold it. Got a white one for my wife and a black one for me.

Everything on this phone is awesome except the speakers are not that loud. Its pretty decent sound, doesnt bother me at all.Aslo im not sure i have the right setting for this but the video when i record and i go back to watch it ,it looks kind of weird(blury maybe). Im gonna look into this. Its probably just a setting i hope. Its great when watching youtube videos and others. Other than these 2 things i love it!

I've only had it for about three weeks now, but I love this phone. It's fast and capable, and has great battery life. The screen is amazing, too. Big, but amazing. I say big because I'm coming to the G2 from an HTC EVO 4G LTE (LTEVO). That phone is significantly smaller than the G2. I'll try to be as detailed as I can be about the G2, so bear with me. First, it's plastic. Shiny plastic. It's a fingerprint magnet, to be honest. The good thing is that it's well designed and doesn't feel cheap. It has a little heft to it, and feels really good in the hand. Personally, I like the pattern that covers its back. It looks like a fabric weave or something similar to me. It's not as pronounced or iridescent on the white model, but still very noticeable. There is a thin, chrome line going around the sides of the phone. I think it is a nice accent. I don't mind not having the home, back, and menu buttons on the actual face of the device. I also like the placement of the physical buttons on the back. It works out perfectly for my hands and they feel very natural where they are. I do not have to stretch my fingers or search for them, they just seem to always be right where I want them to be. This and the lack of face buttons were huge issues for me, coming from standard bar shaped devices for so many years. I eventually decided to go ahead and take a chance on the G2 after seeing the whole package this phone has to offer. Please note that the Verizon version (VS980) is different in dimensions and features. The buttons on the back are also smaller and shaped differently. The Sprint version (LS980) that I have is supposed to be the same as the AT&T (D800) and T-Mobile (D801) models aside from the lack of a microphone hole on the back, but in my experience, some accessories that are made for the latter two do not fit mine. The Fosmon cases, for example, do not fit my Sprint model correctly. The Incipio Dual Pro case I also bought for it, does. It fits in my pockets with no problems, and doesn't seem to move around much when in there. It also doesn't turn on in my pocket. I've seen some people say that theirs turns on in their pockets when pressure is applied to that area, but mine does not. For those that do, I recommend putting on a case of some sort. That extra thickness might make a little space between the back buttons and the wall of your pocket. Just a thought. The screen is very responsive, and the animations are smooth and seemless. The added bloatware doesn't seem to do much damage until you add a good number of apps. It also depends on the apps themselves, of course. The TV remote function works without a hitch on my TVs, and all of the sensors function well. I like the camera a lot. It takes clear, sharp, and well-lit pictures from what I've seen so far. It also doesn't lag or freeze up. The front-facing one is also good, and takes good pictures in my opinion. You can change or adjust most everything about the UI, and although it may take some time to look at everything and get used to it, it's pretty simple and straightforward. The speakers on the bottom are very good, but I would like a little more volume. As far how it works as a phone, call quality for me is good, but I think that I have to hold it a little closer to my face when talking on it in the normal position. I can hear everything clearly and loudly, but it seems that the party on the other end of the call cannot every once in a while. I change the phone's position and this is fixed. I can now get Sprint's LTE everywhere in my house and outside, something I could not do with my LTEVO. And my G2 keeps it's LTE signal literally all the time when I am at home. It also works very well with my WiFi, and never once disconnected from it for unknown reasons. I haven't had a chance to try out its NFC capabilities yet, something that did not work on my LTEVO in any way. That's about all I can think of for right now, but as I said, I absolutely love this phone. I will try to edit this review as I learn and work with my G2, and keep it up to date.

I am rating this based on my experience with the device, even though it's my wife's phone.Pros:- Excellent display screen- Super fast- Nice photos from camera- Amazing battery life- Cell reception is better that the galaxy SIII when side by side- 32gb storage internalCons:- Size, but this was expected, not great for most pockets.- Car charger that can do the 1.8 amps that the wall charger does is impossible to find.  Still looking.- Battery not changeable (not a big deal, since we have a portable battery pack charger to keep it going for days)- No micro sd card slot (not a big deal with the 32gb internal space)Other:- Button layout was a slight learning curve.  It's not a con, but it's not a pro either, just be aware that the layout of the hardware buttons is something to get used to.  I will say though, once you accommodate yourself to it, it's pretty easy to work with since the phone is large.  There also hasn't been any accidental volume changes or powering on the device, which is a plus.  I accidentally hit the power and volume keys on my Galaxy SIII all the time.Since this is my wife's phone, I haven't used it as a daily driver, but the battery lasts all day (usually around 20% left by 6 pm), when her old Galaxy SIII would die by 2 pm.  She uses it heavily for Facebook messaging and talks about 2 hours a day on it for her business.I would recommend this device to anyone who wants a fast device with a large screen.  Movies from netflix look amazing on it.

I am someone who LOVES the Blackberry and I did not want an IPHONE. I waited for YEARS for Sprint(lame I know) to get the new Blackberry so when they did, it was NOT the version I wanted. So I was considering leaving Sprint all together and going to Verizon since they had the version of Blackberry I wanted. As I was on the phone holding to cancel my service, I seen commercial for the LG G2. I went to Best Buy and played around with the phone and decided to go ahead and purchase it. I shopped around and Sprint pricing was RIDICULOUS, so I decided to see what Amazon had. I waited till Black Friday and Cyber Monday and I found and awesome price. For a 15year customer Sprint wanted me to pay $299 to upgrade my phone, however Amazon had it for $0.01**mouth open*. I ordered it ASAP! I have had this phone 4 months now and I love this phone. The screen is awesome and the clarity is amazing. it has amazing features and applications. I know a lot of people are not happy with the buttons being on the back of the phone but I like it. It makes it very easy and simple to take pics and control the volume. The phone is very thing and not bulky so it easily fits in my jean pockets or side slot of my purse. The only con that I have about the phone is the battery life. I did read reviews that the battery wasn&#8217;t great but other said it was, so I decided to make my own analysis on it. The battery truly SUCKS. I can have my phone on the table and have all the applications closed(I got into the task manager to ensure everything is closed) and within 5 hours my phone is under 15% and that&#8217;s with MINIMUM calls/texts. I have to take my charger with me everywhere just in case. There is no external battery so you can&#8217;t simply switch out the battery, so it&#8217;s a matter of juggling around things. i.e. turning off Wi-Fi or sync feature for email, but it gets very annoying. Overall, I love the phone 95% of the time. I 'm glad I got it. The battery cons I can deal with because overall this phone has so many great features that makes you want to stick with it.

I love the phone, but the reason I'm giving 3 star is because this is my second phone, the first I had to return. Because the reception was good or should say too good. It was so fast that it would not even let me type anything. It would go right in to another screen by just touching just a bit the screen. 4 G Lite was good, well too good. The description says that the audio is suppose to be very good. Well the phone does have what it look like two speakers, but the sound come out of only one, and very low. Since I got them I tried to update the software and was looking for anything that would help with the sound but nothing has change, I fixed it by buying a Bluetooth, that allow me to listen to music and talk in the phone.Also this one takes too long to access internet, while the first one was very good with internet this one is too slow. I wish I could change it again, but I'm afraid it will be the same. Will think about it.The HD screen is GREAT, love it. My wife has the S3, not even close to my phone HD screen. She want one like my phone but we are afraid it would be like mine. I'm hoping they can fix this issues.If anything changes, I will update this review. Because I really like the phone, just hate to wait for it to connect to internet when I,m paying good money for data.JC

Thanks so much again for making my dreams come true,  by sending me my New LG G2! It's everything I wanted& then some!

When I received this phone I immediately fell in love with it and the shipping was extremely fast!!! I like it more than my previous samsung galaxy phone because I wanted a change. The battery power lasts about two days depending on what apps you use, pandora drains it in a day, but the only thing that bothers me is the poor to mediocre internet connection and at most times I have to use data? Maybe that's mostly on sprints end but overall the performance of the phone is great and I will be keeping this for a very long time

Moving from a Samsung G2 that had a lot of problems I am very pleased. I'm not a heavy user but at the end of the day I often have 50-60% of the battery left. Screen is nice and I have gotten to like the power button on the back.  It was not as cluttered with bloatware as the latest rendition of the Samsung G whatever.

this phone is great and personally me coming from the note 2 it is very similar to the samsungs UI. im in love with lg now some say it looks ugly others love it, i happen to love it and very much by the way. screen looks beautiful. pictures and video are also great! ahh battery life here comes my love 3000 mAh. get me through the day every single charge even more. between the black and white i like more the white because the metal line is more noticeable and looks beautiful. at the end is personal preference but definitely LG did a great job here, this was my upgrade and don't regret it a single bit.

A whole lot better than the HTC Evo Shift!  Would recommend to all.  Lots and lots of extras compared to EVO.

Love it ! Very easy to use. I bought it for the Camera and it even has a flash on it.

this phone is amazing looks absolutely sick and works flawlessly i don't have any complaints other than the led on the front only works for text messages, phone calls, and alarms, and the one on the back around the power button is for all other notifications and during phone calls but on the plus side it is a multi colored led on the front.

Upgrading from the S3, I was looking at the S4, Nexus 5, Htc one and Htc one max.  So far I have been very happy on my  decision.  This phone has the most pros compared to the other phones in my opinion.Pros:Battery lifeBattery lifescreen resscreen sizerear buttonsknock on and offfast processor/no lagfuture proof 4gLTE tri bandgood camera quality if focusedCons:No micro SD card slotno removable battery/but battery life is longfocus on camera is a little slow

I have had this phone for about a month it is a great phone lightening fast and some great features. I use to have the Samsung Galaxy s2 and I actually think it better than it. I glad that when I upgraded to this phone and Amazon I think have the best deals on cell phone. Sprint wanted to charge me $199.00 with a upgrade and I been with them about 5 years. So I decided to check Amazon the best deals around.

I have had this phone for 6 months already and the battery life still lasts me about 2 full days with minimal use and 1 1/2 days with moderate use. Includes: texting, talking, and regular app use. The phone is fast and has a nice bright screen.  Will definitely keep for a long time.

im a prime member and love you guys. ur my go to place. keep up the good work! thx cw

I love my new phone and the display is huge. It is twice as big as my last phone that I had, I had a Samsung Galaxy 3. It is very fast and I am glad that I switched to the LG G2. I would recommend this phone if you are looking for a bigger phone display. The messaging is easy to text, the photos are clear, and I love the Jelly Bean update.

Well pleased like the gestures answering the phone without pressing talk pretty cool and the guest mode for those nosey friends they cant view your texts and pics

When I first received the phone I loved it.  Now that I have used it a couple of months I will have to say they still need to work out the bugs.  It will not allow me to call out, it tells me to take it out of airplane mode when it isn't airplane mode, it makes you wait a couple of minute between calls before it will make another call. It is a crappy phone!!!

First of all, I really appreciate that Amazon offered such a great deal for this phone! I have been waiting months to get a new phone, hoping Sprint would run a sale. My old phone was fading fast, and I needed a phone ASAP. I just happened to see that Amazon had this phone and clicked for the price...$0.01 for an upgrade rather than paying $100 with Sprint!I was nervous about the learning curve...this is the smart phone for the tech-savvy and the not-so-tech-savvy (I am the latter). I was able to activate the phone on my own and get up and running very quickly and easily; switching phones has never been so painless. I have never been so excited about a phone before, I absolutely love this phone! It is beautiful, functional, just the right size, and has a great battery life. This phone surpasses any other phone I have ever had.

Great phone!

I retired my HTC EVO for this phone and have no regrets. It is lightning fast, good battery life (if you implement some battery saving tactics) and has lots of neat features. The camera isn't quite as good as I'd hoped despite its many pixels, but I haven't done a side-by-side test with others yet.

Just got them but so far its fast and clear. &#34;my first smart phone&#34; but seems user friendly and has lots of tutorials.

My wife absolutely loves this phone from Sprint. Replaced a Samsung Galaxy S2 with it. Only issue was that the phone was not activated directly in the mail as it claimed. We had to take the phone to a Sprint store to complete activation.

This is the best phone on the Market at this point. It seems to do everything well and is very responsive. Only concern may be the amount dedicated RAM for day to day processes. With the new software and requirements for using the phone, it seems I have only 250-300 RAM left for other tasks. Camera is excellent as is the knock knock feature.

the phone itself is an amazing phone but the network Sprint is the most terrible network ever.  sprint LG g2 is sprint spark is total garbage I would stay away from sprint anybody looking at Sprint service.  you will be very sorry if you get it

Great phone, nice size, couldn't ask for a better phone than this.

The camera is great it charges pretty fast, no complaints thus far this phone has a lot to offer and more

This is an amazing phone and you will not be sorry if you buy it. It has an amazing battery and a beautiful screen.The only thing I can find wrong with this phone is the software. For instance the camera is laggy and the overall UI can be slow at times. This can easily be fixed by LG with a software update because the hardware on this phone is great and should be able to handle any software as long as it is optimized. Now, LG isn't exactly know for providing timely updates so who knows when these issues will be fixed.BIG CON: THERE IS NO GROUP MESSAGING! You will have to get a different messaging app because it is NOT supported on the sprint variant. This is another thing that can be easily fixed with a software update but who know when they will fix it.Once again I repeat that this is a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone. I came from a GS4 to this phone and it is a lot better in every aspect.

The phone works great and I love it it's one of the better ones i have had in the past

For years, I stuck to my dumb cell phone.  But I didn't think I was getting my $40/month from just phone service and decided to go prepaid cell with Google voice or upgrade to smartphone.  Well, Black Friday got me a good deal on a Sprint phone.  A week later my work provided me with an AT&T; HTC One smartphone.  So I have two phones to compare.Others have pointed out that this phone has no microSD slot and the battery is not user replaceable.  The Galaxy S4 has both of those features.This phone has great battery life, better than the HTC One.  The display is very crisp and clear on both phones.  I personally like the LG G2 better than the HTC One.One huge advantage of the LG G2 is the controls on the back.  Unless you have large hands, these phones are large enough that it is difficult to hold the phone in a natural (to me) grip and still reach the button on top to turn on the display.  The LG G2 has this awesome feature called double tap where you tap the screen in the middle and it turns on the display.  It's very natural to do this with your thumb.  I controls are on the back of the case instead of the side and it is easy to find them to shut off the phone ringer.  The ergonomics make this phone a winner.Another feature that I really like (I think this is a Sprint thing rather than an Android thing), it that the swipe from the top of the display brings up a horizontal scrolly icon menu of settings.  I can easily turn off an on sound or wifi or a number of other settings.  And this can be done with one hand.  The HTC one (and other phones) only give you a settings button where you then have to navigate menus to get to the setting you want.Not only does the battery last a long time, but the battery charges quickly.  I don't use many apps that suck power.The phone on these smartphones are not as clear as the old cell phone I had.  I also find that Sprint coverage is not as good as AT&T;, but since I owned no smartphone, Sprint offered the cheapest total cost for phone plus plan.  If you have AAA, Sprint will give you a 10% discount on the monthly plan.  It was also easy to get this discount; I photographed my AAA card and uploaded it to the web application and it was approved within a couple of hours.Overall I REALLY LOVE the LG G2 phone with the Sprint UI.  The UI design and double tap allow one handed use for many common actions.  The camera takes good pictures in low light.  Battery life is good and charges quickly.  Sprint coverage isn't the best.  I'm glad I took the plunge and upgraded to a smartphone.  I feel that I will get my money's worth with the additional $23/month cost for unlimited phone service plus 1 GB data.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned... Outside of the unbelievable tech specs, and heavey feature set that it has, the important underlier for any smartphone user is battery life, which is phenominal on this unit! LG was kind enough not to load the phone down with useless bloatware, so it gives the user a nice clean android experience which is a nice change of pace from most manufacturers now. If you are considering any of the larger-screened competitors in the market now please do yourself a favor and seriously give the LG G2 a good long look before you buy anything else.

After being fed up with my Galaxy SIII's battery life, I decided to upgrade to the LG G2 with its 3000 mAh battery.  The G2's Snapdragon 800 processor is currently the fastest in the market so it could potentially have a decent upgrade path (depending if LG continued to support the device in the future).I was impressed with its larger screen size despite being only slightly bigger than the SIII and not as unwieldy as the Galaxy Note.  The placement of the power button/volume rocker behind the phone was interesting but the "knock-knock" tap-to-wake feature negated the awkwardness it presented.Despite having the larger battery, the phone's battery life diminished in the span of four days from 12 to 8 hours of normal use.  It had become equal or worse than my SIII.  I was hoping for battery life in the 16 hour range at least.  With the benefit of doubt, I am convinced the phone was defective.Sprint sent out a firmware upgrade to the phone to use its new Spark LTE channel.  It gets impressive download speeds (I tested 35 Mb/s in Palo Alto) but the service was non-existing in my neighborhood which rendered 4g inoperable.Despite features catering to the audiophile (it provides 24 bit/192kHz Hi-Fi playback), the external speaker and headphone port is vastly underpowered.  I was a bit worried that I would be unable to hear any notifications.  The ringtones feature the Vienna Boys Choir.  That's all I need to say about that.The G2 included a Swype keyboard but it was buggy.  It would disappear when a keyboard was needed and freeze up the phone.  I ended up downloading the Play Store version of Swype and that was fine but I found it bizarre I could not uninstall the buggy stock version.LG's UI is very reminiscent of Samsung's Touchwiz and some may say it's a imitation.  Like Touchwiz, it's nature themed and bloated to the hilt.  With the inclusion of the sounds of the Vienna Boys Choir, this aesthetic is just not very hot.  The unique multitasking features could be productive but end up being redundant when you consider Android's native multitasking feature.  If I kept the phone, I would have eventually rooted this thing and installed Cyanogenmod.If the phone provided the advertised battery stamina, I probably could have tolerated these issues and continued with this phone but the phone didn't and I got a Moto X instead.  I have to admit after using this phone, I missed the large screen.  I also had "knock-knock" withdrawal for a day and was tapping every touch screen device expecting it to wake up.

great phone it's everything that I expected in a phone and much more!!!! the battery life is amazing, video quality is great.

Really outstanding product. It is so intuitive in so many ways! Its better than Galaxy S4 and Nexus 5, yet cheaper due to its not well known brand name.

This phone has lived up to what it it marketed to be it does what it says it does and the only low side is that the speaker coulda been a little louder but otherthan that the phone is amazing!

One of the best phones on the market! I cannot complain about anything or any issue on this phone so far. If you want a great phone choose this one.

I love this phone:-The battery never seems to run out (except once with constant gps, phone calls and pandora...)-Knock on feature!-No side buttons to bumpI have other reasons as well but those are my favorite features!

This has been my best sprint phone so far. The knock on feature is great. I find myself wanting my wife's phone and my tablet having that feature. I'm tapping, and then realize it's an LG only feature for now. It also has great speed and good build quality. The only downside is sprint's horrible signal, but they've been crediting my account for a while now and I can't find cheaper service.

I love my phone and the big screen.  I like it best because I can read my Kindle books on it unlike my last outdated phone.

I've been very happy with this phone. The processor is fast, the battery life is fantasic and it does everything I need it to do.

Love this phone, super fast, so many functions still haven't seen everything it can do. Long battery life, great phone will not go back to old phone ever.

I was stuck on apple and never wanted to give up my iphone. It was time for my upgrade and I was going to get the 5s, but then I figured I'd just try an android just to see what it was like and if I didn't like it, id return it. After two weeks, I couldn't give it up. I wished I had switched years ago. I feel like the iphone was a phone thAt didn't belong to me beause I couldn't customize it much, but the LG G2 has so much customization. Battery life is amazing and the fact thT there are no buttons on the side looks really good. I don't even use the power button on the back because you can turn the phone on and off just double tapping the screen. Best android. Defiantly better than galaxy s4, just takes getting use to the huge screen. Not for people that don't like big screens

i love this phone it is amazing and has everything i need and more glad i bought it go get it

Very satisfied with my new phone.  Battery life is unbeliable! The camera is great as well, I can create crisp poster sized prints from my images straight from my phone.

I am not one to switch phones very often, particularly if I like my current phone. I went from the EVO 4G to this LG G2 after careful research (hate being stuck with something I hate). I liked the reviews and had narrowed it down to this phone or the Samsung Galaxy S4.I had resisted signing a new 2 yr contract until I found this phone I like the screen, it is amazing and even though 4G is not available in my rural area yet, this phone is fast! It responds well, is easy to navigate, which for someone not so tech savy, is a blessing! I had heard mixed reviews on the rear button, but personally, I love it..I was forever turning my ringer volume down on my side buttons! There are so many features on this phone that I love...call quality is good, love the knock on/off feature, and the battery is so much better than what I am used to! The camera is fast almost no lag time, and easy to operate and switch to video. For the size, it is very light, and I have found several very cool cases that accommodate the rear button. LG has a winner with this one! I have not found anything not to like!!!

The LG G2 is an excellent smartphone with some serious call quality issues.  The screen is simply amazing with great colors and resolution.  The device is truly speedy with fast response times.  The screen is quite large (5.2 inches) which works great with videos and reading web based content.  On the other hand, the device had some serious call quality issues which not all LG G2 phones are experience according to online forums.  Some versions are having call quality issues while others are fine.  In my case the phone definitely had call quality voice issues which included crackling, screeching, and problems understanding voices.  I tried changing the volume settings, turning off/on voice enhancement for call etc and nothing seem to work.  Be sure to read about the issue with online forums to see how others are experiencing this issue.  Its apparently being experienced across the board with Verizon customers as well.The phone also has an interesting optically stabilized camera with 13 megapixels resolution.  Its work very well in daylight or in environments with plenty of light.  At night time the images are poor due to  a great deal of noise reduction used by the camera.  The video recording capabilities were pretty good but not great for a smartphone.While the call quality is an issue, the rest the of the phone works great.  Unfortunately I will have to return this one.

The phone is great but sometimes when i plug it in i get a little shock and it sometimes seems to take forever to charge i plug it in around 10 pm @ 15 % battery remaining and it still isnt fully charged by 7:30 am. Usually its about at a 94% when i check it in the morning.  Maybe its the outlet.  Other then that i like the phone the camera is pretty clear and it seems to do most of what i need.

Did not buy from Amazon.  Got mine from Costco but felt I could give my two cents.  I absolutely love this phone.  I had a Motorola photon before this and decided to upgrade. I had the choice of the Samsung s3 or s4. My sister has the s3 and my mother the s4 so I took time and played with each of their phones before chosing this. I am beyond happy with my choice. The speed of this phone is amazing.  And the camera.  Oh my.  I'm a new mother so I am always taking pictures of my son.  This camera and the videos are amazing.  The screen is spectacular great for watching Hulu and Netflix.  I was not sure about the back buttons and that the home back and option buttons are litterally on the screen but have come to prefer it like this.  When I use my moms phone I always forget she has side buttons.  Highly recommend this phone.

It is to big for my small hands, i always hsve to use two hands. Love the length og battery use

Amazing phone and I love it. Battery last all day and some. 5.2&#34; screen is just perfect. Super fast , light .

I love this phone. I needed an upgrade bc I am not an HTC one fan but I wasnt able to get one for a few yrs so I paid full price for my LGG2 and I have to say that I LOVE my phone and it was worth every cent &#60;3 Best phone I have ever had !!

I've had many phones from my flip Motorola razor to my last phone Samsung galaxy3 witch I loved but not more than this beautiful white LG g2. It has to be one of the coolest fastest filled with extra features not in other phones in its class. It's just big enough for my needs and not to huge where it's ridiculous to make phone calls.  I love the back button set up makes the phone look so sweet.  Anyways super fast phone. 800 snapdragon processor nuff said.
