
For $20 I really cant complain about there not being much room for apps. It works well on wi-fi and the tracfone package is all I need.

I bought this as a back up phone in case I couldn't pay my phone bill. I can get 150 minutes, texts, and MB of data for just $7, and it's CDMA so I get Verizon coverage. Data is not a problem as long as you have Wifi. Storage is a bit limited though, so get an SD card. For a college student who doesn't always know how much cash he'll have readily available, this works great for me.

Compared to buying the phone directly from Tracfone, you simply can not beat the price. Getting it activated was easy and the phone has great capability. If you want a decent no contract cell phone, this is your baby!The one negative thing that I do have to note is the battery life is not what is claimed in the specs. With hardly any use, the battery life obviously doesn't hold up. I can't believe it would support 6hrs of talk time.I still say it's a decent value and I would recommend it.

doesn't work well in water

I got this phone because the shopcelldeals ebay store sale of the Optimus Dynamic II with 1200 minutes and one year of service for $139.99 sold out on the day I got paid before I could purchase it.First, the main reason I downgraded this phone one star is that it does not come with any setup minutes or service days and servoce can not be transferred to a non-Android phone if service is not adequate.The solution is however fairly simple. Order it with the Alcatel A382G &#34;Big Easy&#34; with double minutes and 400 Minutes (Tracfone). This deal is on Amazon for $29.99 + $4.99 shipping (save the shipping at the shopcelldeals ebay store) and the phone comes with 15 setup minutes and 365 service days.Add the card minutes to your existing Tracfone (an 840g in my case). Activate the &#34;Big Easy&#34; with a new number. Transfer service from the &#34;Big Easy&#34; to the LG38C, check out service in the areas that are important to you. Then after verifying adequate service on the LG38C, transfer number and service from your current Tracfone.Con: The native phone has to be unlocked and the icons navigated to get to a clock large enough to read.Pro: A larger clock that appears even when the phone is locked can be easily downloaded.Con: I could not even find a timer on the phone.Pro: I could download a timer I sort of liked better than the 840g timer, but unlike the 840g that stays on while the timer is running, at least with the timer I found the phone turns off after a short time, forcing mr to turn the phone back on and unlock it to get back to the timer. Unacceptable in a stopwatch.Con: This phone does not come with a scientific calculator, just a simple arithemetic calculator.Pro: I was able to download a scientific calculator that is better than that on the 840g, and the native calculator is still available as a large key calculator when scientific functions are not needed.Con: I only get one bar of WiFi in my bedroom.Pro: One bar is apparently enough.Con: I only get one bar of Verizon service in my bedroom.Pro: One bar is apparently enough.Con: The low resolution screen looks terrible next to my 840g.Pro: When my 840g isn't there I don't notice. But then again, I don't view photos.Con: I have to charge the phone daily because of unacceptably high power draw. However, I did not downgrade for this because I have not taken steps, such as disabling WiFi, to minimize power draw.

I chose tracfone to begin with because it is pay as you go.  With all the new smart phones out there, I wanted something new and was pleased to find this.  I have other devices specifically for apps so the memory capacity was not a consideration for me.  What this DOES allow me to do is what I wanted, texting, talking, pictures, touch screen, and web.  It doesn't have the greatest resolution, but with the camera and web I am now able to share with friends some of my smaller things in life.  If you are connected to WiFi then there is no data usage.  That was better than expected.  If you want to stay with pay as you go, get this phone.

The best tracfone I've found.  I have theLG 840G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)I bought for my sister, but it's not really a smartphone and I missed some of the things my android phone could do (I really disliked how text messaging worked on the phone too).  This one has google play store and with a little work can have everything you want on it.  The instructions in the top rated review will make this phone more useful.  It's very easy to move apps from your phone to the internal memory to free up space.  I would also suggest turning off auto updates and uninstalling the updates on some of the apps that can't be uninstalled or moved.  That will free up enough space so you can pretty much download anything you might need.  It does take more work, but for the price I can't complain.For the cons, the camera isn't that good as expected, but it works.  Everything else is decent on it.  It isn't the fastest phone in the worl and will freeze up if you try to do too much at once, but people should have realistic expectations for a 25 dollars phone with a cheap pre-paid plan.  I bought the phone and 30 minutes for 9.99 so with triple minutes I have 90 minutes, 90 mb of data and 90 text messages for 30 days.  The android plan is different from other tracfones that just relies on minutes, so you might want to consider that.  It also doesn't have the obnoxious tracfone message on the phone (though I think you can turn that off? on the other phones).  So this phone even with the cons is the best option for me.  I was paying 100 dollars a month for ATT for 400 minutes, unlimited texts and 2gb of data I didn't use.  This is a better deal and does everything I want it to do.

I like the phone except I am having a hard time adjusting and learning new methods,  It is not as simple  asmy regular cell phone.  I need help!

This is a good phone for someone like me - not at all techy and need a phone just for travel.  This fits the bill.

seems well made and fairly easy to use .will recomend to friends  like the apps good screen and sleek .good

Have not had the phone long enough to rate it 5 stars but I am happy with it so far and yes I would recommend it to others

WORST PHONE I EVER HAD

once you figure out the &#34;quirks&#34; it's ok.I'm fairly new to cell phones, and really had to dig around to get info on &#34;basics&#34; on how to use the android to the best for me...it always amazes me how much gooble-gook people go into to explain a simple action..

Love the phone. It was what we expected. I would recommend to family and friends. It is great for kids.

This phone and the plan I got with it was a waste of money. I frequently had no service or minimal bars. After several months of mediocre performance at best, I came home one day reached into my pocket to use my phone and found it turned off. It has stayed that way and I've been unable to restart it. I didn't drop it or damage it in any way. This is simply not worth the trouble. I'll be better off paying a little more to get a good product.

I bought this Android phone on sale on Amazon..... I previously used a LG-840GI have been using it for about a month.... No Complaints.... It does what it says.... ANDROID Phone....It comes with Android 2.3.6.... Not the latest, but A nice version of the O.S.It is loaded with features... WI/FI, GPS, Google Maps, Places, messenger, Google Talk, Voice dialer, Voice search.... and much more also has Google app Store....Also has a &#34;Voice to message&#34; feature.... You can speak your SMS text message and send it without typing it.You can download Apps and games from Google Store....The only thing negative about this phone is the lack of System Memory, Only 512, most of it is already loaded with the OS and Google apps....The Internal memory (to store more apps), is 1 GB....I have downloaded about 4 apps and moved them to the Internal phone memory with no problems.... also have moved 1 downloaded app to the SD card.Some of the apps wont allow you to move them to the internal memory and/or SD card....The touch screen is bright and very responsive to the touch...The camera is a 3 megapixels, it works nice in a bright environment.... Also the Camcorder is nice and takes movies at 640x480.If you are looking for a starter Android device.... This one is for you with some bells and whistles too....I am happy with this phone

Does alot for the price. One bad part is the small internal memory(different from the phone memory which is small small) As long as you shut the data sync off so all the google crap dont update daily its a great phone. Keep your history and all unneeded stuff cleaned out. Plays netflix great, there are some decent aps, use amazon for aps rather than google. Even with the small memory its worth 5 stars, your getting a good smart phone that works off wifi for internet stuff for a really low price. My hubby and I loved ours so much we are upgrading the kids tracfones for Easter

I have been using Tracfone for a long, long time and recently purchased this updated phone.  I am old school and do not believe in wasting time and resources via using telephones.  I do consider texting and gathering information via the web a highly valuable resource; but not so valuable that I would engage in a monthly highly expensive cell phone plan.  With this updated Tracfone I have the ability to text and gather information from the web; but not at the cost of expensive cell phone plans.  By the by, what with tablets and other devices which can also access the web I am probably going to maintain data minute levels much longer than I would the voice call minutes. Oh and I still have my flip phone (I am a Trekkie and the flip phone when it came out reminded me of the old Star Trek TV show) and will keep it for as long as it still carries juice even though it is not currently activated.

This is a very good little phone for my use.  I am not heavy on websearch or gamer or text via phone, just simply use it to contact friends and family via text (lightly use) or phone call every now and then, also use it for emergency.  Other than that, it's another item for me to carry around 24/7.

This is a great phone because of the triple minutes, text, & data  Tracfone gives, but it's worthless for downloads because of it's extremely limited system memory.You have no choice in where you store your downloads, and very few can be moved to sd card once downloaded. Within hours of receiving. and updating my phone, the system memory was full. I have spent days uninstalling apps trying to find ways to move things around, uninstall pre-loaded programs to free up space--which it won't let you do, all to no avail.I did some online research and found many complaints about this issue, and the only solutions came from tech heads using language that was incomprehensible to a lay person like me.You can't even find this product on the manufacturer's website.Buy this phone to talk, text, or surf the web. It's totally worthless otherwise.

nice phone, works well.

Takes a while to get used to it, instructions are not all that clear, does not show available minutes or service date.

25 Bucks. You get what you pay for and I'm satisfied so far. Its small and the memory is low  so don't try and install a million apps. For 25 bucks though, I doubt you'll find a better deal for android tracfone, yet. If your willing to spend more, go for it, but if you want a good phone for a few bucks and your not trying to install ever app ever created, this is the tracfone for you.

Works great.  Able to sync with e-mail and other apps.  Haven't figured out the calendar yet, but am thrilled with the internet speed.  Can't beat the monthly fee from tracfone and the feature of this phone.  Have had other tracfones in the past, internet slow as molasses, this is so much faster and easy to use.  Bought one for my daughter for a 1st phone, and liked it so much, one for myself too.

It's awkward for my fat fingers to type on because it's small and doesn't work with a stylus. (Capacitive Touch).I got it mostly for games and GPS.Before I got service for it; I rooted it, and used the GPS to take a new route to the store to get a service card for it. My first attempt at rooting and using GPS went well!It's very low on the memory required for gaming. The 4gig card included only works for media, data storage (not for app installs). It runs temple run 2, banana kong, and powerboat driving 3 quite well.

I am a tracfone customer.  I was happy with the LG 840.  I had at first given this a poor review because transferring my number was a little clunky and stressful but it did work and there are some extra annoying bells and whistles on this and the thing about texts being worth a minute instead of the old .3 minutes, that caught me by surprise but then I realized this has to be 5 stars.  Because it works as advertised and you can use it as a mini-tablet and never pay tracfone anything.This was a leap of faith but I kind of wish I had kept one phone just for phone and texting without throwing in an android operating system.That being said and the fact that is is seriously annoying that your usage minutes are not just displayed on the tracfone screen, this is basically a 3.2 inch tablet with not great resolution for $19.95.  I could complain about this or that but why would I do that when you can just turn on the wifi and use internet in your house to basically use this as a tablet and tweek it also to hold a ton of music but then I get around again to if you're gonna do that maybe you should just get a better phone.Also the g-mail syncing.  Very impressed but always awkward to see contacts from 20 years ago you thought were gone that tracfone found while importing your g-mail contacts.$19.95 with shipping.  this review is based on that price

About 2 weeks after return date phone quit working. Cannot end calls. Screen totally blank and will not activate with touch to end call. Must to hard off and restart. Very hard to answer calls with touch. Would never buy again. Piece of crap.

very good deal

I loved this new phone as it was a big upgrade for me and the price is awesome!  (Walmart had it for 99.99!)  I did a lot of research as I have to keep dealing with Tracfone for now, and with my other phones, did NOT have good reception!  Found somewhere that said this one ran off Verizon towers instead of AT&T... Verizon is awesome in this area, but I still did not have the same reception that Verizon customers do. (It WAS a bit better though)  I hated the fact that the &#34;triple minutes&#34; is split up as I do mostly texting, and kept running out of txt minutes, (it also charges way more than my other tracfone for msgs) and still have over 1000 minutes in data/talk time!!!!!!  NOT COOL. BUT now I am shopping for a new phone anyway, as mine was dropped ONE TIME and that screwed up the screen, so I can't do anything but receive calls :(  SOOOOO glad I didn't spend more on it!!

the best $25 tracfone that I have I have ever seen. You can't really install any apps on it because it has no app storage but two or three of your basic apps you can get on there. What this is really great four is an mp3 player. Just get yourself a pair of bluetooth headphones.

waste of time

This is a great little phone to be honest. At Wal Mart is was 80.00usd and online it was 100.00usd. For a beginner who has never used a smartphone before this is wonderful! And for the price, yeah excellent.It actually arrived early :D It came a day early all nice n stuff. Definantly a firt time smartphone user phone.

For the price and ease of use- cant beat it. I don't use it to go on line but it seems to work fine. Cheaper than any plan I seen out there!

A very affordable, reliable smartphone that will be VERY sturdy, especially in the case we put it in. my 13 year old son loves it!

At first, I didn't like the fact that you couldn't download graphics or ringtones, but there is an app you can download to crop make your own tones from your own music. The only drawback with that is that you quickly run out of space for your contacts. Also, if someone sends you a blast email, it comes in as an attachment and you cannot open the message;  if you are albe to open a pic and try to save it, it saves to the &#34;ringtone maker&#34; app as a music file. Speaking of &#34;contact listst&#34;, you can only save in the &#34;my contact&#34; list. I tried to save specific names to specific lists and the other lists won't even let me in. Other than these things, it's pretty high-tech for a TracFone.

The problem is that Tracfone can't activate it.  I've already made 3 calls to Tracfone and waited 2 1/2 days to get the  phone activated, but after another hour with technical service, I was told it could be another 72 hours before they could get the error fixed.  Actually, the Tracfone service providers would not guarantee that it would ever be useable.  It might be a good phone, but if I can't turn it on, what use is it?The problem seems to be they can't transfer service from my old phone to my new one, so maybe if you've never had service with Tracfone, you won't have this problem.

Good phone for price. I had to call Tracfone to help me finish set up.  My mistake, a lot of steps missed one final code entry for activation. Phone does not have enough memory for adding apps.  A lot of apps cannot be used with extra memory card. They only work on internal memory.  Some reviewers claim they have a solution for this, but for me, no joy so far.

It does everything you could want a android phone to do. It is not the fastest or the fanciest, but if you want a phone to do android apps, this is a good one for the price!

Great phone for a great price.  Only drawback is limited memory.

I have had a tracfone for over 10 years. Every time I bought a new phone I would switch my old number, minutes and days of service remaining to the new phone. This phone is a much better phone but they stole most of my minutes when I switched over. I had 3306.5 minutes on my old phone, an LG800G, and 117 days of service. Once I made the switch I only got 1200 minutes. SO they stole 2106 minutes from me. I emailed my issue and was told in an email reply I needed to call. I called and was told I couldn't switch the minutes I got from tripling minutes on my other phone. Never had that happen on any other phone and asked to speak to a supervisor. Tried to switch minutes back to old phone and after 45 minutes of being told it was just going to be another few minutes I gave up and hung up. Customer service SUCKED and was super hard to understand due to foreign accent. If you buy this and have a lot of minutes prepare to get RIPPED OFF!!!

This is a really good Android phone for $20. Google Play is already installed and makes it super easy to download and install free apps from the Google app store. I tested the Youtube app and it streams videos just fine across wifi. The only thing i don't like about the new Tracfone plan is that each service is separated now instead of everything using from the same minute pool. I bought a 400 minute and 365 days of activation plan from their website and this gave me 1200 minutes, 1200 texts and 1200 Mb data. The problem is that i use much more text than voice or data. I liked the old Tracfone plan better because all the service used the same minute pool. I'm being critical of the phone plan only. The phone itself is excellent and really good value.

So far it is working according to what was expecting, in fact it is better. I would recommend that if this is your first Android, go out or order the book The guide to android usage. This book will help you because the brochure that comes with this phone leave a lot to be learned.

Microphone went out two weeks after receiving, can text and hear fine. Have a replacement phone heading my way, just hope it works

I'm lovin it!  I do have a friend that has an Android and she's given me tips, the basic stuff i feel was very easy to figure out.

Bought it for our adult son with autism, for his Safelink service, but they only activate certain tracfones for that service, and this one is not one of them.

Nice phone for the money.  Great voice recoginition software.  I still haven't been able  to download songs yet.

This LG android phone for $20 is I think the best deal out there.Pair it with magicjack app which I think is the best app out there and it is a money saving machine.The magicjack app gives you free calls wherever you have WiFi.Whenever I make a call the phone gives you the option to use magicjack or tracfone dialer which helps you save tracfone minutes.magicjack app is free or you can pay $10 a year for your own U.S. phone number.I use magicjack plus for $30/year($2.50/month) for my home phone service and have the app set to use my home phone number.When someone calls me at home it also rings my cell if I am connected to WiFi.Because of this app, I only need minimal tracfone minutes for $7 a month for rare occasions when i don't have access to WiFi.So I get home phone service and cell phone service for $10 a month.I also use the mj app on my kindle fire hd.However, there are ways you could pay even less combining mj app with this phone:1)If you used the free version of the mj app with this phone and used it only on WiFi,you would get phone service for free.With the free version,you could get a phone number that has an asterisk at the beginning and end of the number.2)For $10 a year(.84 cents/month)you can choose your own U.S. number.If you have wifi at home,work and almost anywhere in your area like I do,you would get phone service for .84 cents a month.lol.3)Pair the mj app $10/year plan with minimal tracfone minutes for $7/month(buy the $20 tracfone card every 3 months) which will cost you $8/month combined.This would be good for people who use a mobile phone only and don't have or want to use a cordless or corded home phone.As of now,I prefer the tracfone/magicjack plus/magicjack app combo for $10/month because I still like to use a regular cordless phone at home to give the cell phone a rest and the tracfone minutes are useful for the rare occasions when I don't have access to WiFi.This LG phone is a great deal and gets even better once you use the combination described above.

spent over two hours with tracfone trying to get it working properly finally got it figured out but the text writing is so small i cant read it i am glad it was so cheap i can throw it in yhe garbage

I bought two of these phones for my teens. They really love this phone. I live in a very rural area and they have excellent service I can hear them clearly as they can hear me. The price was good too. I didn't want to spend a fortune on a phone plan for them and the triple minutes are fantastic. Plus you only have to put air time on it every three months. As long as you don't go haywire with the phone it's a really good deal

The OS on this is Android. An assoicate in electronics at a large retailer told me the LG was difficult to learn. Not so! I have a sony xperia Z tablet and the icons on the LG are the same, as well as the os functions.  The phone is easy to carry, has excellent quality and is easy to learn. I received it on time and it was as described which is why I gave it 5 stars. When you buy a 400 minute card for this phone it triples to 1200 minutes and 3 months of use. Thanks to Denise who commeted on this post I stand corrected on the data. It indeed does give you 3x on the data. A 400 minute card does give you 1200mb also. I do not use this much for surfing because I have the Z and use all the hotspots for free such as Subway, Mcdonalds, Burger king, etc etc to do most of my browsing. You can access all the apps at google for the android and there are many of them. This is a 5 star phone and no contracts required. An additional comment I would like to add is the memory is limited so only a few apps can be on it at a time. I did not know that when I posted the first review as I run all my apps on the Xperia Z. But it still a 5 star phone for me

It was very cheap.  The 1300 minutes of voice and text from my old Tracfone were transferred over as 1300 voice minutes, 1300 text minutes and 1300 MB of data.  Good phone except some apps are hard to load or slow to load.  Not sure if it is the apps or the phone.

It sets up nice and easy with Tracfone, transfered my number over in as little as two hours. It syncs with me google account so there was little need to import contacts from my old phone. While it does suffer in app storage space, you can relieve with moving most apps to the SD card via 3rd party apps. For $50 and a no contract, pay-as-you-go carrier, whats not to like. It is also running a later version of Android so some games may not work on it for ither that or other reasons (Clash of Clans for example). Its built in camera also suffers, but its not a problem when you have a tablet and a real camera.

I think this is a great little phone and an excellent introduction to smart phones.I see some complaints about poor battery power or the small amount of memory and wonder exactly what those who made them expected for 20 bucks? Sure the memory is poor and the processor slower but it is a first generation smart phone so if you are expecting to be able to download hundreds of apps then this is probably not the phone for you. I find it meets all my needs and by downloading a few specific apps you can really get the most out of this phone.Firstly I would be to turn off automatic updates for apps before you even access the internet. App updates on apps you may never use will eat up your memory as all the preinstalled apps are on the phones memory and cannot be moved to the SD card. After you install each app you can go to settings/applications select your new app and you will be presented with the option &#34;move to internal memory&#34;. Tap this and it will move the app to your phone's SD card freeing up some much needed phone memory. Also remember to check each individual apps settings to make sure updates are off.Next download an app like launcher pro this will allow you to hide apps you don't want to use as well as making some nice changes to the way your phone looks and operates. It will give you an extra option next to settings called &#8216;preferences&#8217;. Now you will be able to make some changes to your home screen, phone functionality, as well as hiding apps.  If you remove the app data make sure it won&#8217;t update then hide it that will ensure it takes up minimal memory.Choosing apps wisely will also make a big difference some are much bigger than others and some cannot be moved to the SD card. You will need to prioritize which apps you want and need on your phones memory. I would recommend not using the browser supplied. Download opera mini, its small and uses very little memory and can be moved to the SD card.An app like DS battery saver will save you huge amounts of battery life. With this phone like with all androids having Wi-Fi/Bluetooth on with multiple apps running uses a lot of battery power. This app will put your phone into a sleep mode when the screen goes to sleep.  It won&#8217;t affect the phone for calls and such but will turn off Wi-Fi and clear your data. It turns it back on the phone periodically to check for messages emails etc. then will go back to sleep. This app was a revelation for me. Before it I would need to charge my phone at least every 12 hours when at home and connected to Wi-Fi. Now I only have to charge once every few days providing I haven&#8217;t been using it excessively.Lastly I would recommend downloading an app like memory booster. This will allow you to do things like delete cache and kill processes easily with the touch of a button and free up memory.

If you order this phone from Tracfone's official web site it will cost you $80 at the time of this review, and I got it here for only $25. This is an android phone with a free 4GB microSD card. It can connect to wi-fi and has GPS tracking, plays variety of video and music files, and is fully capble of downloading contents from Google's playstore. At this price, there's really no complaint. You can get an MP3 player that'll cost you more than $25. Here you have a phone, a portable tablet PC, a GPS guidance system, a photo viewer, multimedia machine all together. True, it's just an entry-level android phone, but this is Tracfone, so take that into consideration. If you want some high-end, fast powerful phone, then get an iphone or go with some expensive provider that makes you sign a two-year contract.

Basically, I detested this cell phone from the very moment I took it out of the box & turned it on. It is slow & definitely isn't good if you want to use it for anything more then texting, calling or maybe checking email. I gave it away. For free. Nuff said.

I love this phone. It is a great upgrade from the older tracfone models. The touch screen is sensitive, and you can do anything you would normally do with a regular smartphone. The camera's quality is okay, but there is not a front facing camera. The storage space is limited, but for the price this phone is an amazing deal.

The phone doesn't work in some areas.  I'm in Jacksonville, FL, pretty close to the major metropolitan area and the phone doesn't work unless it is connected to my wifi.  Very disappointing since I saw other reviews stating the same thing.

If you are buying to replace an older phone, Tracphone has set up a method to transfer your number and minutes to the new phone.  Unfortunately it does not work...yet.  You must go through customer service, several layers of customer service, and it does require time and patience.  Your understanding and courtesy with these overworked service reps will pay a dividend.  When they get it right, it will still take a couple of days for their system to update.  If you have the time, this is a great deal!  My wife loves it.  She has been making calls on it rather than our land line, which is free long distance.  I have to re-think this.  It is simple to take a low resolution picture.

Phone would not work in my area, check with tracphone 1st its a pain to move minutes and start over.

i've been using android based phones since the very beginning. i use my smartphone all day long in my business for email, research, and occasionally to make calls :)i needed a cheap android phone to replace the speedometer in my old 4x4 truck. found this one for $19.95. installed the speedometer app plus my gps app. this phone runs them both perfectly, simultaneously and plays mp3's through the aux-in of the radio .the screen sensitivity is great. the phone pages and loads apps just as fast as my high dollar smartphones. i have zero memory issues.i feel like a fool for buying/keeping my $500.00 phones.this is the real deal for almost nothing.

beautiful ,small and comfortable to  handler  I recommended  the net work service  grate easy to pay,  just matter of pay for the service and ready to go

I purchased this phone to use as a back up phone. Great call clarity, no problems at all. Have not had dropped calls. This is a basic android phone. Works well.

It's the best phone I've owned yet. The triple minutes made it an exceptional deal, especially for someone who doesn't spend a lot of time on the phone.

I'VE NEVER HAD A PHONE LIKE THIS AND I NEED HELP SETTING IT UP, TRYING TO REALLY ENJOY IT FOR WHAT IT IS IS  A GOAL FOR ME

Love the phone for the price but you get separate text, minutes, and data time.  I evidently text more than I talk because I keep running out of texts.  You can't just buy more texts, you buy more of everything.

this phone is great if you haven't had one of those big name smart phones that you can load hundreds of apps and games onto it because you get the power of a 3g phone but it has a limited memory in the phone and you can move some things to the internal sd card so apps can't be moved so this limits the number of apps you can have on this phone

this the best phone i have but the reason why i put 4 stars because its only certain things i could do with a little memory they gave me and they havent gave me any service. but overall its fast and i could get around with this

For the price I guess I cannot expect too much.  This phone has some very nice features, but it has basically no memory.  All the Ram memory is used up by the pre-installed applications which cannot be moved to the internal memory.  I cannot even add contacts because it says not enough memory.  I can add contacts though from my computer using Google contacts.  Not very helpful if you just meet someone and want to add them to you contacts.  It does function as a &#34;phone&#34;  and texting is fine.  And the triple minutes makes it a great bargain.  I frequently have to uninstall updates to applications that I do not use to keep the memory free.

I bought this phone for my husband.  We cancelled service from Verizon since we don't use cellphones much like others.  Since we decided to try Tracfone, my husband wanted to have a smart phone.  He does not use the most apps, so this one is enough for him.

This phone works great, no problems over 2 months now other than it has little memory and thanx to other reviewer for the tips on moving apps to sd card, I don't have memory problems anymore. It's about $60 LESS than ANYWHERE ELSE.

Neat phone in many ways, but it's lacking features of less expensive phones. It's hard to read. No airtime on demand. Have to download an app to get your minutes to show up, and have to keep pushing update and get a text message to see the new readings. No sim card. Unable to transfer my 200 phone numbers to the new phone without inputting these in manually. The old Tracfone stored the backup on the sim.  Now, this phone wants to get these from the SD card, and I have not found a way yet to get the sim numbers from the old phone to the SD card on this new phone. There is a strange local phone number in the settings under MIN. It's a local land line, and someone locally actually answers. This is really a mystery! However, it does give a readout on data, text, and minutes separately. I do like that. I guess I will keep the phone since the price was low, and learn the android system. However, I will not use it for my main phone. it's only good for a backup phone.

I like this phone.  I got it to upgrade my Lg800g and I like it a lot.  I wish that there was more storage when you get it.  The specs say 1gb of internal storage and a 4gb included SD card but what ISNT said is that you only get 157mb of &#34;system storage&#34; to install apps, and if you update any of the preinstalled(and non-removable)apps like youtube or gmail you get a bit more than half that.  There are a few workarounds for the memory issue in that you can save SOME apps to the 1gb internal storage to free up space.  Also of note, you don't NEED to update the preinstalled apps as they will run just fine with the stock version of the app.  You can disable auto updates in the settings, if you don't then every time you connect to wifi/3G these apps will update and waste space.  Dispite the limlted space of this phone I've managed to cram a few games and several apps(weather, email, chrome, etc.) onto it, as of this writing I have 12 installed apps with 36mb free for installs.  Not great, not terrible.  Storage is what keeps this phone from getting 5 stars.Aside from the above mentioned storage issue, this phone is great. The 800mhz processor is pretty zippy with Gingerbread and has very little lag.  After only about 10 minutes online, I was able to transfer my minutes and number from the old phone and I like that my minutes were added in the three categories.  I had 2200 minutes, now I have 2200 talk/2200 texts/2200 data, so that's really cool.Setting up the wifi was easy as well and I was able to port all my contacts from my old phone with Bluetooth.  From the time I got it out of the package to the time I deemed it &#34;all set up&#34; (minutes transferred, apps installed, a game or two played) was a bit less than an hour.  Calling is easy and clear, although it should be noted that these Android tracfones use Verizon towers while the older phones(non android) use ATT towers, so check into the coverage in you area if you are going to upgrade from an older tracfone.  Texting is pretty easy too, the stock keyboard is fine but there are a few free keyboards available if you don't like it.  I'm not a big texter as I'm all thumbs but I can manage fine on this one so if you like to text you should be alright(my 11 year old daughter looks like The Flash on this keyboard and she says its fine so it must be pretty good).  The 3G is alright and there is a built in browser that isn't the worst I've seen.  Be warned: there is no airtime display on the phone so you need to check the balance online through the tracfone website or a free 3mb app from tracfone.  The screen is bright and clear, youtube videos and angry birds look just fine on it.  The screen is also very responsive to touch, much better than my old phone and I don't need to press hard at all or double tap it.Overall, I think this is a good buy.  I am really enjoying using this phone and I am glad I got it.  It has done everything I need it to and a lot of what I want it to.  For the price I couldn't go wrong and I couldn't be happier.  Hope this helps

good phone for price-- I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of options though it's not at level of higher priced phones.

Great phone for the price ($20).Takes longer to setup (ie, porting #...). I don't think TF's system  can handle  Android phones quite  yet.But after the setup hassle, everything is fine.

Was all i expected. Except for the map coverage.  but that was my fault. this phone is great for the price.  Charles C

Do not like this product! Sorry that I purchased it.  I find it to have a very confusing interface; not user friendly at all. Also, I don't like the fact that The Google box is always popping up, trying to get me to sign their agreement.

This is a phone only, their isn't any room to add more than 1 small app.  Returned it.

I am happy with my new phone. This is the first 'smarter' phone I have owned. Apparently I owned 'dumb' ones before. The phone itself is good. I had difficulties switching phone number and my time to this phone with Tracfone. I was going from a phone with a lower IQ to this brilliant one and it appears the services are quite different.The review about memory management was quite helpful because I had similar issues. I went crazy with apps and then had low memory notices. However, as one of my 'phonie' friends told me, I shouldn't expect much from a phone that cost me less than $50.All this said, I think I did all right. The phone has worked flawlessly since I finally got it activated. I would recommend the phone to people who want a basic 'smart' phone without too many bells and whistles. Since I am a pay as you go phone user with Tracfone, this phone almost exceeds my needs. I don't need a music player, book reader (really?) or a handheld gaming device. My camera takes images that are fuzzy. Fortunately I don't have a use for it - not even for gratuitous selfies. The maps and browser are nice on a limited scale.I'd give the phone 5-stars if they would make their memory management smarter and Google (Android) would allow us to remove useless apps...it almost reminds me of Windows and the applications that HAVE to be there even if you don't want them, because they are part of the operating system.

Great phone, once i got it up & running, but set-up was an all day affair.It seems basic enough, a few short steps, but the Tracfone website was the mostfrustrating experience i've had in a long time.Either you'd get timed out, or brought back to the home page, over & over again.I'm not sure if the site, itself, was under maintenance, but it would NOT let mefollow the given instructions.Finally, i managed to call the number, and that also hung up on me several times(it was automated).As a last resort, i got a live person from the menu option, and bought air time viacredit card and they set me up.I didn't know what my number was until i searched on the actual phone.At that point, i still couldn't seem to make calls.By accident, i set up my voicemail, which activated the final step of the phone, andnow all works perfectly.But that website...That was an endless circle of frustration.But the good news is the phone itself is miles beyond my old VM Querty keyboard phone.It is fast, touch screen, very inuitive, and the calls are crystal clear via Verizon.Well worth the earlier set-up hassle!Adding contacts, web browsing, making calls, texting...It's all laid out in easy to digest format.This is not an iPhone with Retina display and ten million apps at your fingertips.This is a great basic smart phone or beginner smart phone.I'm not a big phone guy, so the phone & plan are perfection for folks like myself.And the money you will save on both the phone and the plan, will be substantial.Easily the most cost effective bang for your buck, in the cell phone realm.UPDATE: Have been using this a few days now, and i really like it quite a bit.If you are going from an iPhone to this Android, of course, this phone willnot appeal to you.But if you are going from a slow, Pay-lo, candy bar/text phone, this LG willbe a revelation.At 24.95 this phone cost 20.00 less than my old "slow, glitchy" texting VM phone.I'm impressed that i got such a great deal on this, via Amazon.

For the price of what I paid for the phone it really is a great buy if I would have bought it online from Tracfone the price was 80.00 dollars it does everything that it's suppose to do and then some.

This phone has a semi-crippled version of Android 2.3.6 and can be un-crippled quite easily after a bit of searching upon its model number.Once that is done it works wonderfully well as a Wifi-only phone.We've bought 3 so far and would buy another anytime.

Came on time, phone is easy to use. Battery only last about 1 day. Service is not as good with this phone as my last one which had a sim card. This phone does not use a sim card which means it is on the cdma network provided by Verizon. My old phone used a sim card which is on the gsm network provided by ATT.

I'M NOT A TECH GEEK WHO NEEDS EVERY APP, MUSIC DOWNLOAD, GAMES, AND EVERYTHING ELSE AVAILABLE. HAVE TRIED YOU TUBE A COUPLE TIMES BUT ALWAYS FREEZES. I DON'T TEXT AND USE THE PHONE VERY LITTLE FOR CALLS. ITS JUST A NICE UPGRADE FROM WHAT I HAD. I'D HAVE TO LIVE TO BE OVER A THOUSAND YEARS OLD TO USE ALL THE TRIPLE MINUTES,BUT I CAN SEE MY E-MAILS. THATS THE MAJOR BONUS FOR ME. WISH THEY'D TRIPLE THE DAYS IN MY CASE.

Purchased on May 1st but battery won't stay charged for more than a hour...I tried taking it out and putting it back in and chargine it for 7 hours per Tradfone.  I then had to purchase another as I use this phone daily.  Can you help me ???I also have several older tracfones could I sell them or trade them for a card

I was looking to replace my four year old $9.99 LG Trackphone.  This is a bit overkill and many of the Droid apps are a far cry from my IPad counterparts, so it seems a bit much to have a smart phone in one hand IPad in the other. Time will tell

Great smart phone in a small pkg.  I wanted a smart flip phone for pocket carry, but this phone is as small as they come.  Yes, it uses an old software OS version, but works fine.  Memory problem easily solved with appmgr.  Does everything I need.  Nice cases are available here.  A combo case for belt carry & a great leather-like wallet case from England for pocket carry.  Very inexpensive cases.Get this phone with minutes included & an even better value from this vendor.

Since this is an adroid phone, it does not work with Safelink lifeline service. I never turned the phone on, so I really don't know how well it works.

have had no problems one of my phones was defected but they replaced it with no problem. would buy it again.

I have had this phone for past few weeks and it had some difficuty the screen can be quite sensitive so if you get this Phone be careful and try the Navigator it is good to use if you are going somewhere you haven,t been before it is good phone if need to get info online .

I have a cellphone from Tracfone for a reason: I use it to send/receive phonecalls and the occasional text message. My mom went out and bought herself a Tracfone smartphone at Walmart with birthday money she got from a friend, so I had to bite the bullet and get one, too. I've had the Optimus for a week and I'm really surprised how quickly I've been able to adjust. It's got the same OS on it as my Transformer, so I was already somewhat familiar with how to use it. It doesn't have much onboard memory, but that's not an issue for me since the apps that came on it are the only ones I'll ever need. NOTE: Unlike my previous Tracfones, this one doesn't show me my balance on the homescreen. I did have to download the Tracfone app to be able to monitor my balance, but it worked right away and give me the info I need.I want to mention that the balance on my new triple-minute smartphone is divided into &#34;buckets&#34; now: phone minutes/text messages and data usage. I got triple time on all of them, but they can't be used to supplement each other. Again, that's not an issue for me. I did invest in a 1-year card on my old phone on the same day I bought the new phone, so I should be covered for a long time to come considering the way I use my phone.The touch screen is very sensitive and the on-screen keyboard works better for me if I use a stylus as opposed to my fingers. It's not quite big enough to keep me from hitting the wrong keys with my fingers. I like having my most called numbers as icons on my homescreen, too. I think this phone uses Verizon as opposed to AT&T; and I have to admit that the reception is WAY better in our home area (out in the sticks) that my old phone's.If you're a Tracfone user but are looking for something a bit more advanced, I can recommend this phone, especially if you've never used a smartphone before.

I had previously purchased the newer version of this android Tracfone which didn't work out (LG39C), so purchased this one, which was much cheaper.  With Tracfone, you can only transfer android minutes and service to another android (CDMA phone).  You cannot transfer android minutes and service to one of their GSM phones.  So basically, I purchased this phone as a stop-gap, and a place to &#34;store&#34; my minutes.  Yes, this android suffers from low memory.  I only downloaded a few apps, and got the &#34;low memory&#34; notification.  While you can use an &#34;app to SD&#34; application (like AppMgrIII) to move SOME apps to the SD card, you cannot move any of the pre-installed apps to SD....the system does not allow it.  Therefore, I would not recommend this phone if you are someone who likes to use your android for lots of functions.  I am only a moderate user, and I find the low memory to be quite restricting.  However, I am only using this phone as a back-up phone, so I am not affected by the phone's deficiencies all that much.  For the price, it still performs the vital android functions, and would make a good entry-level android, or for use as a back-up phone.  However, for I would not recommend it for use as a primary cell phone.  Also, the phone only works on Verizon's home network...it does NOT roam.  So make sure you are located in Verizon's home network.  Otherwise, you may have a problem getting a signal.

It does everything it says but yo You can not play Fram H we for a, Candy Crush on it. I do not use a cell much and this I s fine for taking pictures and to make call, plus messaging.

The phone has a cheap blocky thick plastic exterior and a tiny blurry screen. The worst part is dealing with Tracfone. The activation process on the web stalled several times prompting me to call tech support. They have menu after menu of options and when you finally get to the right one it hangs up on you. A 75 minute call to a noisy faraway tech support farm finally allowed me to complete a call. Tracfone website still does not recognize the phone number as it's own.It has decent Verizon call service.

The instruction manual doesn't explain how to check for minutes & time left from Tracfone.It doesn't have a way to install phone # from my old phone. It has a memory card.Took a few days to learn how this phone works..It works pretty good.

Great phone for the money.Easy to use and I'm learning more every week.Good reception even in the upper part of michigan.

Hello reader, Jay here. I'm a long time (9 years) user of tracfone, and was excited when a android dropped below $100.00 bucks.There are alot to like about this phone. I currently have a LG 840G ( which is a disabled android tracfone !) and llked the android feature since I bike, bus and shop everywhere. Here's the pro and cons simply put on this one..Prosmall (candybar stlye) but has a decent 2.3&#34; size screen800mz processer is fine with it's 2.3 android (gingerbread system ) and liked the speedplays music ( good volume and better than my ZTE Valet) and videos play fine even movies with no problem but low screen res  (240x320)3 g network with sprint or verizon  in many areasEZ setup and simple screen make it a good starter android tracfoneNow...The consPOOR internal memory will limit app downloads to just a few ( less than 1 gig total internal memory)Could only get 3-4 apps on phone and even used MASTER CLEAN app to move and clear all appsbecause some apps won't move to a SD CARD this is a problem with low memory phonesLower screen res than newer phones make even cartoons a bit blurryThe final verdict.....Good basic phone without large app use but very limited with some apps but overall works well.P.S. if you want to try apps on your computer first on internet &#34;BLUESTACKS&#34;..it amazing and works on PC and MAC...Jay

This phone has been a perfect fit for me as it does all I need and uses the verizon network which is the best in maine.  I can voice input texts which is a huge relief from having to key in those tiny letters.  Its voice to text is very good and accurate with very few correction required.

What a surprise I was in for regarding this phone. This android phone works off Verizon towers with poor coverage in my FL area zip 34736.No bars showing poor signal in my home and only one bar outside. Battery life is extremely poor. My LG tracfone 840G worked great with 4 bars in my home and great signal indoors and worked off ATT towers. BUYER BEWARE OF THIS LGL38C ANDROID!!!!

I bought three of these phones.  Two for my grandchildren and one for myself.  They are perfect for us.  We live in a rural area where signal is hard to receive.  I have tried expensive phones and the service wasn't worth the expense.  My grandchildren are able to call me and love their phones. We are very pleased with our phones.

over all good phone but when you turn it on you have to shut down a bunch of stuff running or it eats up minutes ,other than that it seems good ,I don`t use all the features often because of the stuff you have to stop and the battery go`s quick,you can watch it as you use it

if u r a tracfone customer, looking to upgrade, pretty sweet deal.  great for email, text, browsing.

This is my first smart phone however I am not computer or technologically challenged. The memory is limited so if your looking to download every app available without running out of space don't buy this phone. But if your looking for a great smart phone at a great price this is the one. I downloaded Appmrg to manage apps. Lets you move apps around to your external micro sd card. Some apps can't be moved however so keep that in mind. But I've downloaded many apps and still have space. I am rough on my phones which is one reason why I don't buy a $400 iphone or Galaxy. This phone has held up well so far. Overall I recommend this phone for the price and quality for a cheap tracfone.

this phone meets most of my needs.

Tracfone is good as I don't like contracts. The phone is nice with nice features.But cannot remove or move programs to SD card and  can only make and accept calls. Phone memory is horrible.

the phone is exactly as described and works beautifully.  The instructions are clear and easy to follow although I think it will take me a while to learn how to use the phone.

You get what you pay for as the clich&eacute; goes. Why LG even put this on the market and Amazon sells it (stuck with inventory) is a wonder. At one time there was a need, but lack of phone storage space is the reason for the abysmal review. Should have heeded the warnings. Y'all can say &#34;Told you so!&#34;

The phone itself seems good but imagine my surprise when i discovered that, unlike my old Motorola Tracfone, this one doesn't allow you to get your voice mail from a land line. This is important for a pay as you go phone. You have to spend your minutes just to check your voicemail. Seems like an obvious ploy to make you use your minutes up. I just changed my message (from the LG  - using up minutes) to say &#34;don' t leave a message&#34;.  This is almost a deal killer for me. At the very least Tracfone/Amazon should inform you of this sneaky change.

So far so good!! Just has little memory witch is fine was for my dad whom doesn't really use his cell lik that

I knew already all about the low storage space on this phone but that wasn't an issue with me. What is the issue is the phone doesn't  work properly 1/2 the time. The battery drains way to quickly. When I turn the phone sideways to get the larger keyboard for texts I have to flip the phone back and forth until it finally decides to switch. The screen will randomly go black while on calls or when I'm trying to use the dialpad on speaker phone even when I set the &#34;timer&#34; for the longest possible time. I'm using data minutes without even going online or using any apps. The touch screen is WAY too touchy. I have to say I was hoping better for an LG phone as they have always been great phones for me but this one is a flop.

I decided to upgrade to a smartphone when my last tracfone died. Didn't want to spend alot since I wasn't sure how much of the phone I'd actually be able to use with tracfone service. Very pleasantly surprised with this great deal- phone has a lot of cool features, is very user friendly & so far I've had absolutely no prob making calls, sending texts, taking pictures & using the wifi! Only took about an hour from a short 10 min call to tracfone to have it up and running to boot! Def worth the try if you're considering-especially at this great price. Already ordered a second for my husband even though his current phone works-why not have a few extra bells & whistles!

It was very confusing to access,& set up to function. The triple minutes was the factor in purchasing the phone. But was over the learning expierence it will be an asset

I never frustrated so much before to buy this thing.What the meaning of Tracfone. Triple Menute ? Dont lie to people.

Didn't like this item because it doesn't have enough memory .And the screen is too small Better battery? Indeed Android 4.0

This is a good phone and good seller.  I purchased from Recell Hawaii and received the phone in 3 days!  The phone was well packaged and with the standard information.  This is my first 'smart phone' and I consider myself a bit tech-challenged, so I was worried if I would be able to load the apps.  No problem.  Have added 4 apps which is all I wanted. The 4 apps used about two-thirds of the storage--so one-third is still available.  I found the other reviews very helpful--thanks guys.  The phone works well and am still getting familiar with how many minutes, texts and data usage are deducted for my activity level.  If you don't open the text, it will not deduct it from your total, (but also I am unable to delete a text without opening it.)  I ported my previous cell phone number without any problems.  Also the phone came with 600 minutes, which I wasn't expecting.

I'm still learning to use the Android,as I went from a simple Tracfone flip phone. The Tutorial is very helpful.

i am using it as a wifi phone with skype and it works great for that excepting that it doesn't ring on incoming skype calls.  my guess is that it works great as a tracfone too but i am used to my little tracfone with qwerty keyboard that fits my pocket better so am keeping that as tracfone for now.  as a budget wifi phone it is great and has really good sound

Came in a medium sized tracfone box. The phone can be a bit laggy at times due to the RAM. Others have been complaining on the low system memory, but the phone is on the lower end of budget phones so there's not much you should expect.I play pretty basic games on this like Clumsy Bird, Online Poker, and Bike Race without any lag. Games like Temple Run 1&2 are unplayable due to the lag.

Cheapest android you can find and atleast you can still do facebook twitter instagram ect....

This is an excellent cheap android tracfone with triple minutes for life for 20 bucks shipped for Prime members. It has wifi, bluetooth, and is GPS capable.I use it as a phone, my alarm clock, an mp3 player, a time waster (games) and internet. I occasionally try to read a book on it.It is not a great android phone  and it has very little internal memory for apps.But it's a tracfone and it's 20 bucks shipped for Prime members. I have access anywhere I had with the old tracfone so for me, it's five stars.

Really like this phone

This is the closest thing to a smartphone for me.  I like the affordability of it and so far it has worked fine in all regards.

Cause i love the phone i got only problem j have with it is internal memory thanks for the phone

Love it, the phone was even better than most phone ,very responsive very light, smaller than I thought though , cool

I'm not at all happy with this Tracfone.  I've been a Tracfone customer for 8 years, and will keep the phone for phone and text, but the data/browser was not what I had hoped.  A word to the wise, be sure you know what you want, and what you are getting with this basic &#34;smart phone.

Love this phone !!

the baterry does not last very long, should come with a stylus and a cover to prevent scratches, price is now $20.00 less from what to what I paid

easy to operate.  price was good..  plan to download the manual so I can better operated all its features.  battery life seems to be good

Okay I am adding to my previous review... I have had months to try out this phone and as for the basics talk and text it is great.  But I have been experiencing some issues with connecting the the web for browsing.  I am always getting that there is no network available or I need a password to connect to the network for where I am at.  This is very fustrating to be somewhere and to go and use the web and not have access while I see other people on their smartphones looking at facebook; looking up info on the web or using their voice activated text messaging and I cannot. I am not sure if I am doing somethin wrong.  As for a basic phone this is great.  I have downloaded an app that helps me make a "to do list" or "grocery list" and it works great.  Did download an app for different ring tones - but again if you are not on the network the ringtones you set up for an individual doesn't work and it reverts back to the basic ringtone.  So I am thinking long and hard on getting a different phone.  Don't want the monthly bill but not sure what the other alternative is.Previous review - "This phone has more than the older Tracfone.  Still getting used to it and all it has to offer.  Have only been using it for two weeks and as of right now it is a good phone.  The navigation system on the phone works great and the voice activated text is awsome."

This is a great phone for the low price!  I would recommend the Tracfone system as an alternative to a two-year contract!

NICE PHONE FOR THE PRICE, HAS A LOT OF HIDDEN FEATURES THAT YOU'LL BE HAPPY TO DISCOVER IF YOU AREN'T TECH SAVVY LIKE ME.

The phone was easy to setup.  I followed the instructions set by other LG Optimus Dynamic users in the Amazon reviews in how to move apps to internal memory and it worked exactly as described by several users researched and found solutions to these issues.Next, I connected the usb cable to my pc, laptop and desktop, and moved various pictures over into the cell phone, my pc's run using Windows 7 Ultimate and Home Premium editions, and each system worked easily with the phone.  But, I found that associating my pictures to my cell phone's display took some time to navigate and find exactly which folder the pictures were being kept in.  Apparently on direct transfer of pictures, although you may be able to see your pictures in the gallery area, you will have to navigate and find the folder where the transferred pictures are being kept in because they may have the same folder name as the gallery folder, but, they are at a different path to the folder, which I will explain later when I make notes of it on my phone.  For now, its just good to be able to use my own pictures which I have from my camera, as well as the pictures from the cell phone camera, which btw is great to use during the daytime in these summer months just starting here in June 2014.  Oh, one last thing, if your laptop or pc has a Bluetooth connection, photos easily transfer over Bluetooth connection, to and from your LG Optimus Dynamic.Hope this info may help or encourage someone regarding this phone.  I couldn't believe the price through Amazon of only $20.00 for a brand new phone, with about $4.00 of delivery and taxes, totaling approx.  $24.00, plus having triple Tracfone minutes, this phone can't be beat!

love the phone - unfortunately the triple minutes are not really triple minutes. If you buy 30 min, you get 30 min talk, 30 text, 30 data. So if you are using this more for a phone, you pile up lots of time you will not use and vice versa.. Not this vendors problem but a Tracfone problem

I brought this phone for my sons 8th birthday my older son already has one and they just work perfect it should make him very happy it a very good phone for anyone who want a  phone that is small and easy to use

I looked at the reviews before purchasing the phone , the phone got good reviews the service of tracfone got poor reviews.  I have not used the phone yet had difficulty with Verizon in switching # Victor at tracfone as great stayed on the line wit me nd Vrizon until it was corrected.  He went out of his way to help this senior and that is the reason for 5 stars.  I had no difficulty adding my contacts and look forward to using the phone.

I mainly use the phone for calls, text, and checking for important email. I turn off the 3G until I use it to save the battery. I the area that I live with poor coverage, the texting function works great. I don't need any extra 'apps' so lack of memory is not a problem. If you want a 'full function smart phone' get a Samsung galaxy or Apple Iphone. The 600 min talk, 600 text 600 mb  you get with the phone is worth the price alone, plus triple everything.

i bought it as aa gift. my friend is mostly happy with it. i'm not sure if there is anythiny they are  not happy with

Great kids phone for the price!

it is ok

I would have given it 5 stars but I'm still trying to learn how to use it. This is my first Android and it is a lot different. When I learn how to use all the features I'm sure I'll give it the 5th star.

I will preface by saying this is my first smartphone. I am more on the luddite side and tend to wait years to try new technology, even though I am a millennial, so this phone seems really &#34;fancy&#34; to me just because of that.The main reason I finally broke down and bought a smart phone was to use the wifi plus a google talk (Google Voice) app to make free phone calls whenever I can use wifi. This phone allows me to do that. Since I am near wifi 99% of the time, I rarely have to use my tracfone minutes. My phone bill is less than $8 a month now. That is pretty awesome.The battery life seems to be really good too. It is reasonably fast as well.My only complaint is storage space and all the preinstalled apps that you cannot delete. I didn't' think I would care, as I have never used apps except Duolingo on my son's tablet. But after exploring the app store, I am finding lots of apps that I want to use. And there is not enough space to download very many to this device. Also, I don't use most of the pre installed apps like Google Books and Music, but there is no way to delete them.Overall, it is a good phone for the price and for someone who doesn't want to use many apps. I am afraid it has become a gateway drug to app addiction for me, though, and I will probably upgrade my phone soon.

It is an amazing phone for the money.As for the memory issue, YES, the internal memory is ridiculously small and fills up after a few app downloads. So you need to go to use the App Mgr feature already installed on the phone to move as many apps as possible (not all can be moved) from the phone memory to the SD card (TAKE NOTE: the SD card is referred to in the app manager as "internal memory"). This will solve most of the problem. I have also found that the constant updates from Google and other apps fill up the phone memory quite quickly, so you need to manually go in and clear updates and other random data that your phone will surely gather especially if you keep the WiFi on all the time. Kind of a pain but well worth the trouble, given the great functionality of this phone at a ridiculously low price.I also downloaded GV Phone so that I can make free calls on WiFI thereby saving Tracfone minutes for when I am away from WiFi. GV Phone does have a bit of an annoying lag, however.

OK for a dumbed down smart phone.  50 phone contacts and 2 apps and memory is full.  Good for basics.

When I saw the price ($25) for this smart phone , I thought it  would have limited features , but no . It's a fully functional android smart phone. Tracfone has excellent  cell tower service plus it's a no contract service with triple minutes for life. If you're looking for your first smart phone , this is the one.

Bought this on a whim and turns out I like it better than my newer Android. Love the small lightweight design. If you like a lot of apps or want the latest and greatest look elsewhere. But to carry around on errands and walks it's just fine.

I'd been resisting getting a smartphone for a long time, not wanting the big bite of the initial cost OR the monthly bills in the range of $60+ a month.  And then I discovered this awesome triple minutes tracfone!  It has better reception than my old phone.  We live out in the boonies and my old phone sometimes dropped calls when I was at home.  This one doesn't.  I love being able to peek quickly at my email wherever I am, and the kids and I think the voice search feature for google is lots of fun.  It has taken me awhile to get good at texting with the touch screen-- those buttons made my fingers feel fat at first.  But I'm getting used to it and overall just LOVE this phone!  Very affordable and easy to use!

Let me start by saying....THIS IS A TRACFONE, NOT A SPRINT/VERIZON/AT&T phone.  and for that, I wanted limited uses.  for 19.99 and triple minutes credited...this phone is amazing!!!!  true...theres not a lot of memory, but you can uninstall apps as needed and just keep a few on there that you want at a time.  for 19.99 and triple minutes, this is truly an awesome &#34;throw away&#34; phone if you need it to be.  Id recommend it for a startup smart phone or disposable phone that you dont care if it gets beat to hell!  Im super happy!

This phone is even more than I expected I bought it for my husband and he is very happy with it. Easy to use and set up.

Keyboard too small

A nice smart phone, not much memory, so you have to be careful which apps you put on it, but it has google play, google maps and navigation, which are excellent as well as youtube already on the phone.

I have been a tracfone user for a long time! I got this LG at a great price! Its my 1st smart phone and I love it so far! I received it quickly and on time! Very simple to figure out!

I use this phone as my MP3 and Video player since at this moment, I do not need another cell phone.  The reported memory problem is a none issue if you are careful with the installed apps.  As some reviewers have already stated, if you can manage the system memory, internal memory, and SD card, you should have no problem.  I use the SD card for all my music, videos, and pdf documents.  So far, I installed YouTube (updated, so you can beam the video to your TV), WiFi File Transfer, OI File manager, Sygic (an offline GPS navigator), Wikipedia, ColorNote, Mathmatiz, Jota+, Pandora, Text Edit, 920 Text Editor, Search Market, Romoku, PowerCalc, Terminal Emulator, Pixel-DMS (a media Server), Lightning (a web browser), BusyBox, Fing (a network tool), kWS (a web Server), Jango, and more.  Last I checked, I still have 16MB system memory, 196 MB internal memory, and a plenty on SD card.  I am very happy with this device precisely because of its small size.  I use it most times with Airplane mode to save battery.  I turn WiFI on when I need to &#34;beam&#34; YouTube video or files on SD card to my Ruko box.

I like this phone. I got it for my wife. It was easy to set up. It works great. It is easy to use even for her. It gets full bars in our house where her previous flip phone often got no bars in the house. I did most of the set up online using my home internet and the phone browser. Great phone.

Just what I expected... Fast delivery.Thanks Bob.

Good phone for the price. It's just what I was expected. The only bad thing is that camera is poor. Thanks

Too small. Lacks intuitive feel necessary to navigate easily . Couldn,t figure out how to find remaining minutes. Even at $25.it was a waste of money

I've owned three tracfones so far and this one is my favorite. It's really cheap and mimics a smartphone so for frugal people like me it's perfect.

I like this phone a lot!!  love the triple minutes for life!

The phone was encased in typical hard plastic clamshell, which was put in a bubble wrap lined envelope for shipping. It was inadequate, the plastic shell was crushed, however the phone was not damaged, but it could have been, it should have been mailed in a box.Anyways, the phone itself is activated and working, the price was excellent. Overall, I am satisfied.

Nice phone!  Only problem is that it has poor memory storage, but this problem might be fixed by using app manager.

This smart phone is great!  Does everything I need and more.  One of the first and the best smartphones from tracfone.  Simple to operate.  If your ready to upgrade try this.  Only problem is there is very little memory.  Ok if you don't download more than 1-2 APPS.

Phone is what  I hoped it would and serves my current needs. Very pleased with this phone.  This is the second one that I have purchased.

Works Well. Good Price, But Battery Runs Down Quickly. I Use The Phone Occasionally So It Works Well For Me.

Phone is awesome takes a day or so to figure it out though but all in all its a good phone !

I really liked it and was very excited about the phone when I first got it, but within 3 days after I received it I had problems with it, so I called tracfone technical support and told them what was happening and they concluded that the phone was defective and had me to send it to them and they gave me a replacement phone.  So far, I have had no problems with the replacement and I love everything about it...I am not saying that it was anyone's fault that the phone was defective, having been in business for 50+ years, I realize that sometimes things go wrong that you have no control over, but they way that you handle the situation is what is important.

No internal storage,no way to transfer to sd card. It sucks . it sucks . it sucks. it sucks big time.times

it is what is is, a really cheap android phone, the main problem of course is the low memory and even with app moving, the storage is very limited, but since this phone is able to be rooted its a really nice phone, another problem is of course the low resolution its a phone and you can install low end apps on it,

For a truly affordable Android phone, the LG Optimus Dynamic I cannot be beat.  It is true that the pre-installed apps cannot be removed and use up a lot of the phone's internal memory, but if there are apps you do not use, you can delete their upgrades periodically and free up more space.

Works great. Why pay big bucks when this and Tracfone are so reasonable?

gave to my  16 yr old, loves it. not  high end  iphone , but  the way my teen loses things, it is a bargain

First of all, if I had paid more than $20 for this phone I probably would have rated it three stars, but for the price I can't really complain. No, it's not nearly as nice as its big brother, the LG Optimus II -- the screen is smaller and lower resolution and it comes with the much older Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) version. Having said that, though, it still gives you the basics of an Android phone (with triple minutes to boot!) without the high price tag. If you are not into downloading games and lots of apps, then this phone will work for you. Yes, the memory is pitiful, but if you are not afraid of playing around with USB debugging, then there are things you can do to improve this. If you Google &#34;install apps to SD card&#34; you will find what you need. &#34;How to Geek&#34; has a nice step by step tutorial that is easy to follow. In my experience this does not by any means solve the memory problem completely, but it did allow me to move some &#34;unmovable&#34; apps to free up space. Keep in mind that a part of the app always remains in the internal memory, so be selective with what you install. Again, what else will you get for $20? I was able to install Skype, WhatsApp, Facebook, Swiftkey (&#60;-- awesome!) and the Tracfone account app without any problems and that pretty much covers everything I need it for.Also, if you are switching from a regular Tracfone to an Android Tracfone, you'll be able to keep your number and transfer your existing minutes, which will also be tripled.By the way, when I connected my phone to my laptop, Windows 7 did not recognize it and could not install the drivers. In other words, I was not able to move stuff between my laptop and phone. If you run into the same problem, go to the LG website and download the drivers. If you Google &#34;LG drivers&#34; a link to &#34;LG mobile phone support&#34; should come up in the first results and it's pretty straightforward from there. You'll need to do this if you want to copy music etc. from your laptop to your phone.All in all I think this phone offers a lot for the price and I am more than satisfied with my purchase.

For the hardware it's hard to beat at $20 but I just tried updating just the apps that google wants to update and ran out of memory.  Even APPMGR doesn't help because you aren't allowed to delete or move the google apps.6/23/2014 update: I returned this phone and bought aZTE Valet Android Prepaid Phone (TracFone)after finding several positive recommendations on it. It has a total of 2.34Gb internal storage and after all the updates and installing Google's Japanese keyboard it has 1.85Gb available.  So far, so good.  After I've had it a while I'll post a recommendation on the it.

The phone is really nice. I like it. I wish the battery charge lasted longer tho.

Very small and compact phone for those looking for a smartphone with great style and simple functions. All just for $25!

I had no issues with this phone.  But it will pop up &#34;click here to update&#34; and then fill all the system memory.Google play store will consume 90% of the phones memory.  You can install 1 or 2 apps, and you'll always stare at a &#34;limited space!&#34; message.  I installed 2 (meager) apps and the phone wouldn't even let me save a name to the phone number because of a lack of memory.You CAN delete all the updates and not install them, but meh.It's a decent phone.  It's not a decent android phone.

don't get me wrong i LOVE my droid but there are issues (mostly with tracfone) but my gripe is no deataled instructions for finding stuff on the phone (grrrr) but still i can't complain it was given to me as a birthday gift and i love it

Good intro to Android phones. Very basic, but did not need all the bells and whistles a $600 (!) smartphone has, and surely did not need the big monthly bills or contract as someone who very lightly uses a cell phone. Love tracfone!

my son loves this phone...it's the perfect starter smart phone for him and the triple minutes goes a long way with his burgeoning texting/calling habits...could not be happier with this purchase!

In my business, if you don't have a cellphone, you don't have a job. I got this phone in the hopes that I could upgrade to a smartphone while still being able to perform my job. I had the phone in operation less than 24 hours when it malfunctioned (the ringtone had somehow been disabled through no fault of my own. Turned out the micro SD card I was using had interfered with the phone's processor, and subsequently, disabled ALL the ringtones). I missed at least 5 calls in one day, despite the phone being turned on and in my pocket, because there was no indication it had messed up. My supervisor thankfully called my private phone to let me know I was still needed. I, of course, immediately went to the local Walmart to purchase a new phone identical to the one I had replaced, since I could not wait for a new SIM card from Tracfone to reactivate the old one. The very next day, I got a stern verbal warning from the company's owners. I assured them the new phone had somehow malfunctioned in a manner that I was unaware of, but was immediately replaced with a more reliable one.The LG Optimus Dynamic is extremely unreliable. I cannot, and would not, recommend it to anyone if using a cellphone is your primary means of contact and employment.

Had an LG500 before this. Texting is so much easier with this phone and has running conversation....so you know what text you are answering. The price was great. So with my 1-year card and price of phone, I'm covered for a year for $130. Triple minutes/text/data is a good deal. Plus minutes and phone number carried over from old phone. Easy to set up and transfer (did mine on-line.) And with Bluetooth on both, I could send all my contacts to new phone !

Again looking for a affordable and decent cellphone then this is a good one to check out as while you won't get all the newest apps and accessories like with the $200+ samsung cellphones overall it has enough features that it's still worth a look.  The phone is also a nice little upgrade from the previous LG840G as the touch sensitivity is much better then on the previous cellphone and with a nice goggle voice search for any store you might be looking for which was a little new to me and appreciated too. Also it was pretty easy to setup my personal email account on the phone unlike with the previously mentioned LG840g.Also a nice touch is the goggle map with GPS function with voice search.I wasn't really used to using a function like this until I was trying to find the restaurant some friends wanted to meet at luckily it was on the goggle map with easy to follow directions I easily got from the cellphone which was greatly appreciated.The cellphone ultimately does what it was supposed to do,give easy access to people stranded in the middle of nowhere or those in need of a phone without any nearby payphones available if you want the newest cellphones with the newest apps and whistles obviously you're looking at the wrong phone.  For others like myself who pretty much use the cellphone for contacts or emergencies this is a pretty good one especially for the price and the nice additional goggle and other little added features too.

Having problems with trac fone howeverthe battery life is extremely shortalways charging and taking a littletime to get used to using

i am a techsavy guy, and this phone has a terrible internal memory. however, i have managed to find a solution here:[...]So yah, a gem for the priice with this fix done.

I wish I could give this phone a better rating, but I can't because of this: It does not have enough RAM memory for you to have any decent apps on it. Even the apps that come with it, you can't update them without it telling you that you don't have enough memory left. So app-wise it is basically worthless. Other than that it is great to surf the web, and you can do that without using minutes if you have your own Wi-Fi. It is great for talking and texting. For a smart phone it is handicapped because of the memory issue. Also, I went to the LG site and discovered that they don't even support this phone anymore. So beware.

it did not have enough mem and you can not use the sd card to store stuff it was not worth the money

I like it, but as others have said- it doesn't have a lot of memory for apps. What you can do is go to the Settings then Applications, click Manage Applications and start uninstalling some things that you don't use such as Google + and Google Play Books. Find the app you don't use- open it and click Clear Data. Most of what is taking up the memory appears to be google & google & google & if you are down with just getting your email occasionally from them- it shouldn't be a problem to delete some of that crap.Now I've got enough room for Instagram and Google Tracks.

I'm done with this. I tried to upgrade from an 800 and this was my choice. Many reviews talk about the limited system memory but others rave about workarounds using an app manager and having all the memory they need.... not me. The preloaded Google apps won't move and constantly update eating up the limited system memory - while keeping the existing apps from working. The emergency app worked for the first couple of days - but despite storms and amber alerts since then - this phone tells me nothing. I'm ditching this phone for an 840 - oh, and losing all my time in the process - I have to give up any remaining minutes to move my number to the new non-android phone. And that triple minute thing... not so much with a droid from Tracfone. I want to send a text and see that 0.3 minutes was deducted when I hit the PREPAID button right there on my screen. With the droid, I've used one of my available texts - not 0.3 minutes. It wasn't all bad - the wifi worked well and kept me from using the data allowance - which was fortunate as I never found a Verizon signal to get on the net. I'm going back to what Tracfone with AT&T does well - cheap talk and text.

Very short of memory, if you wish to run a lot of apps  It won't work for you. For the price it is a great little phone. I'm not in to talking on or using a cell phone a great deal so it works well for me. The triple minutes are great.

Quick shipping,I've been a tracfone customer for years and glad the company decided to to upgrade their products,the OS on this phone is older than the new 4.0 or better android models,but still it does well,works for me.

I bought this phone knowing it would be cheap and dated. But since it's Tracfone, it costs almost nothing for the service, so in the end I feel I still made a smart decision. First things first, let's get the problems out of the way:- Text Messaging through SMS is really glitchy. I've had messages just not send to people, so I do all of my text messaging through Google Voice now (uses WiFi/3G Data).- Voice calls on the CDMA network are not as clear as with Tracfones using GSM. That's a given. However, calls made using your Data connection (requires a VoiP app of your choosing) are crystal clear.- A few of the apps that come with the phone (Talk, Latitude, Messenger) are really dated and no longer supported by Google, but you have no way to remove them without rooting the phone (something nobody seems to know how to do). Further more, the phone comes with some apps (like a stock email app alongside Gmail) which you will never use...but can't remove either. Weak.- Google Play Store/Google Play Services just DOES NOT WORK WELL on this phone. This phone is too old and trying to run all of the updates will kill its memory twice over. Your best bet is to not use it, hide it from your apps drawer with something like Holo Launcher, and download all of your apps from a third party such as AndroidDrawer (using Package Installer). Note: You will have to go into Settings to allow installs of third-party apps.- The browser that comes with the phone is pretty subpar. Throw Opera Mini onto your phone FIRST THING. You'll be glad you did.- Versions of some apps that you should use (I downloaded all of them from AndroidDrawer):Pandora Radio - Ver. 4.1.2Google Voice - 0.4.2.72Holo Launcher - 2.1.0Skype - 3.2.0.6673TuneIn Radio - 7.4QuickPic - 2.2.4All of them are pretty stable and use very little data (with the exception of TuneIn). You can have up to 4 foreground apps running before the RAM begins to have trouble, and it's best to reboot the phone every 24 hours to give everything a quick refresh. Now, for the GOOD stuff:- This phone supports speech to text! You can enable it in your keyboard settings. Also, the keyboard, when in Landscape mode, is just really nice overall.- This phone has a set of switches in your Notification Drawer to toggle Vibrate, Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS and your 3G connection. This means if you aren't using your data, you can temporarily turn it off, and turn it back on when you need it (eliminates waste). Furthermore, you can put your phone in Airplane Mode and still use Wi-Fi, which is an excellent way to save battery.- The phone has a Battery Use graph in settings which shows what eats your battery most, so you know what to disable if you aren't using certain features.- The 3 Megapixel camera is a step up from the 2 Megapixel camera on the LG 840G. No flash capability, unfortunately.- I put 750 MB of data on the phone when I bought it. It's been a month and a half, and I still have 450MB left, thanks to the apps I have using very little data, as well as piggybacking off Wi-Fi where I can. And with 750MB only costing $25, I'm really paying a lot less than a lot of other people.Honestly, despite only being Android 2.3 Gingerbread, I find myself using this phone far more than I use my tablet which runs Android 4.4 KitKat. Because it's small, lightweight, and still does 70% of what my tablet can do, I am much more inclined to take it with me wherever I go and leave my tablet at home. For anyone who's good with customizing devices, this is perfect because it's incredibly cheap and can be made to do impressive things.

This phone looks nice and very cheap but you can not load more than one app on it. It keeps saying out of memory even if you clear other apps from running. I sugest paying 20 dollars more and getting Samsung Galaxy or ZTE would be a better choice. You should not have to do anything to your phone once you get it accept reseting it every once in a while.

I bought this for my wife a couple of weeks ago. she previously had a blackberry type phone, so this is an upgrade. I had read previous reviews about low memory on this model. no problems yet, as my wife doesn't sit with her nose in her phone all day searching the good ole interweb, and come on people, this is a $19.99 phone! it works well and looks nice = wife happy.

This is an excellent phone for basic talk, text and data. All the apps necessary to the basic user are already provided. I have not needed to download anything.  I recommend this phone over the flip cell phones due to internet availability and superior reception, even in basements. The pre-paid format provides very affordable service!! Plus, the price of the phone itself is the lowest I have found.

needs operating instructions to understand how to manage the memory storage would be nice. Other than that seems to be a nice phone.

As a long time Trac Phone user I find the LG  Optimus a great phone fulfilling many desirable futures.  Will buy a second for a family member.

It is an okay phone, but the battery life is short.  I have to plug it in every day whether I have used it or just left it off.  It won't hold very many apps, so I would consider upgrading to a faster and larger memory capacity.

... don't knock it. What this phone can do for $20 is amazing, compared to any other old Tracfone I have ever used, and I have had several in the past 10 years with them. Yes, it has an older version of Android, but once you set up the dozen or less apps that will fit into the limited memory of this phone, that's all you'll need for most uses.I installed an app called "App Cache" to automatically clear the cache to free up memory, and I keep the data turned off unless I am using it.Wifi works fine, so I use it for data whenever available.Transfer as many apps to Internal and SD memory as you can to enable you to load more apps. I installed 12 apps, including Accuweather with live radar, uStream, SoundHound and I Heart Radio, and I do not get "low memory" warnings.Turn off all automatic updates.I delete google store whenever that updates itself in the background, as I've found the google play app to be the largest memory hog of all. You can't delete it completely, as many apps won't run without it, but unless you're downloading an app, you don't need the store updates.As long as your *system* memory doesn't drop below 20mb, you should not get the "low memory" warnings. Keep an eye on it with "App Manager", which is included.Most currently available apps will work with this older version of Android (2.3.6.)This phone won me over on a recent 2,000 mile long trip in many rural areas. It only lost signal once, in Eastern Kentucky, yet was still able to make an emergency call from a non-Verizon tower. It never lost signal in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, even on a long ferry boat ride in the Atlantic Ocean, something my Sprint Android phone was unable to accomplish. The extensive Verizon network this phone uses is imperative for anyone who travels a lot or lives in a rural area.It is unfortunate it will not work in neighboring Canada or Mexico, or overseas, but for most domestic use this phone and the plans to go with it are a good value.Sound quality is good and clear, I am a little deaf and the speaker phone is very loud.Unlike older Tracfones, where you would lose all your contacts with each phone change, Android will automatically import and update all your contacts, as long as you keep your google account current.The voice dialing feature will access your google contacts list, but I have found it to not be very accurate.Accessing google and yahoo e-mail are flawless with their dedicated apps.Google calendar syncs with the included calendar app.Texts are conversation style, enabling you to scroll through and read an entire thread.I have successfully posted pictures to facebook with it, but I have not tried sending picture texts.You have 3 "unit buckets" with Android vs. the old one bucket for voice/data/text, and you can easily keep track of each with the Tracfone usage app you'll download from google play. As far as I know, it is one unit per 1 voice minute, 1 unit per text, etc. Data is measured in megabytes. As long as background data is shut off, I have not found the phone to be a hungry user of megabytes and I use the internet apps quite a bit.Obviously, streaming video and radio will eat data up quickly, so only use those apps while on wifi.  I would hesitate to use real time GPS for the same reason. I have found the GPS to be quite slow in locking in on position, so I won't be getting rid of my standalone GPS unit anytime soon.The phone is very small and portable, has a good, bright, clear display, but the virtual qwerty keyboard has not been all that easy for me to use. I have small fingers, but I previously had a physical keyboard on my last phone, so I may improve with that over time.For people needing to make calls, use productivity apps for business purposes or to take simple, lower quality photos and videos, this is a bargain phone on a bargain service. (And if you drop it in the toilet, you've killed an easily replaceable $20 phone, not a $500 iPhone on an expensive contract plan.)I got mine on amazon from a place in Hawaii, but I am in Kentucky. I did not have any problems transferring service, minutes and phone # from my old non-Android Tracfone into this one, but I do recommend letting customer service walk you through the process to make sure everything is working correctly.Once you switch to their Android phones you cannot switch your minutes or # back to an old type of phone. So, if you're on Safelink or simply find you don't like the touch screen interface, think twice before switching.Whether you like this phone or not will totally depend on what you want to use it for. I use it for business productivity, travel, audio entertainment, and limited internet activities. It suits my needs very well.

I like the tracfone service, but this phone is a piece of s***. The battery life is less than two days ( even after I reduced all settings. I do not use apps, only the phone. I find that it has a mind of its own, by constantly changing settings. Answering a call is rather difficult. I stand by my opinion of this phone, but will admit i'm 70 years old and just not ready for a borderline smart phone. I hope tracfone will allow me to go back to my old basic samsung.Being a retiree on a fixed income,losing sixty dollars (cost of phone) is a blow to the pocketbook.

I have found a way to solve the memory/storage problem on this phone. I have installed on it Netflix, Skype, Whatsapp, Spare phone for voip wifi calls, file manager, Pandora and 650 megs maps of Sygic Gps and Dolphin full browser!First, you must download from the market the app APPMRGIII, this will enable you to move each app to the SD card. It will be best to install and move each app one by one to free space as you go.Second there is a confusing terminology used on this phone. To move the app to the "SD card" use the option "move to internal storage". This will move the app from the phone storage to the internal 1 gigabyte storage which is different from the sd 4 gigabytes card!Some apps would not be allowed to be moved, so you will need to be selective.Because the resolution of this phone does not require lots of processing power, apps load amazingly faster on it than on my LG Esteem which costed me several hundred dollars.The battery life is amazing. It leave the  phone on all night running of the battery pull with Wi-Fi and cellular radio on and the battery will be fully charged the next morning!The phone has bluetooth and Gps hardware. I installed Sygic which is a self contained Gps program which does not need network connection to work.Photos and videos don't look very good on the phone itself but look good on when displayed on other phones and devices.WhatsApp would take only 1/10 of a Meg from your data to send a text message.I found out that the phone has a switch in to turn off data transfer while maintaining cell phone connection. This is useful to avoid sending data over 3g while on wifi.Also, I installed Spare phone app to make phone calls over wifi to any place just like a regular phone. This will safe plan minutes!For the money this is an amazing little gem and far more value than my costly LG Esteem ($400) which I love as it works perfect, has a great resolution and hdmi port. I only wish it was could work on Trackfone service which is a great value and uses Verizon

You have to download an app to keep track of minutes added to phone./usage  :(I was not at all impressed with fact with this as I am not big on technology. Besides from that, phone seems to work well. I'm just one that likes to know and its a right we all should have with a paid or prepaid service without downloading anything. (Strictly my view)

As a whole I am very happy with the LG Optimus Dynamic. I have had it for almost 2 months and I find it is simple to use and great for a first time android user like me. My only problem is that I use the wi-fi a lot and it frequently falls down on me. So I just tap the internet signal off, tap it on again, and continue - but it is pretty annoying. Other than that, the photos are OK and easy to take. Apps easy to find and download. I would recommend it to anybody who is new to smartphones.

This phone is definitely better than my old phone which I'd had for over 6 years. This is the first touchscreen phone I've had. I like it but it does have it's limitations. The virtual keypad keys are far to little to even try texting at a high speed. The thing that really annoys me about this phone is sometimes the thing won't send texts. It just sits there.EDIT: My views has changed on this phone since my first post so here goes.  I hate this phone now.  The texting capabilities are horrible.  I have to shut my phone down, take the battery out for two minutes, put the battery back in, turn the phone back on in order to be able to text sometimes.  What's up with that?! It's the most annoying thing I've ever had to put up with when it comes to phones.  If you're out browsing on the internet market for a good smart phone, this isn't the one for you.  Save yourself the aggravation and buy a different phone.

Very nice phone and exactly what I wanted. Dropped my old phone and broke the back. Glad I found this one it is really nice. Just wish I could figure out where to find my minutes and days left.

In years of internet shopping, this is probably the best value buy I have ever made! No kidding! I have purchased 2 of these, and would buy more if I needed them. There are three things to consider when buying this product: The phone itself; the actual network it operates on; Tracfone as a service provider.The phone: An android phone for $20! the fact that it's 'older android' and only has space for a handful of apps to installed at a time is no problem for me. It gives me smart phone capabilities when I need or want them for the price of a low end flip phone. There is a lot of discussion in reviews about limited internal memory . . . if you want a gameboy or you need 20 apps going all the time, then a $20 phone just won't cut it. It functions extremely well for me, I have the apps installed that I use everyday with memory to spare. This phone comes with Triple Minutes which turns 120 minutes of airtime into 360 voice minutes + 360 texts + 360kb data - this may not work for everyone, but for my usage pattern, it's a great deal. Data usage can be minimized by using WIFI when you are doing downloads and app syncing.The network: This is a CDMA phone. It utilizes (in my area) the Verizon network. If you need CDMA (I do) because of signal strength or quality of service, this is a good choice. Verizon is the only network providing a usable signal at my home and I stuck with them for (unnecessary, expensive) years until I found out Tracfone shares there network.Tracfone: They specialize in pre-paid minute plans that make sense for low to moderate usage. If you need an 'all you can eat' per month plan, try someone else (there are too many vendors in this space to list). The online activation is a bit clunky, but customer service does pick up the phone and does help. I have contacted them with activation issues and when carryover minutes from another phone didn't transfer . . . a little slow, but always to my satisfaction. Once activated, their website makes it easy to track usage, access phone tutorials, etc.

Just got my &#34;NEW&#34; cellphone...Can't program phone right out of the pkg. Touchscreen has only a few buttons that work... Piece of junk

I always want a smart phone so when I was shop on line I look at so many until lg

I REALLY LIKE THE PHONE BUT I HAVE CONTACTED THEM WHEN I GOT MY PHONE THE CHARGER DIDNOT WORK SO i HAD TO BUY A NEW ON, THEY NEVER GOT BACK WITH ME
