
This is pure trash don't but it

I wasted my money on this phone. It doesnt do anything right. Im hopeing that someone sues the company for selling items that don't work. (Not amazon) now i have no phone andi spent all my money on this one so who knows when I'll get a new one now.

It was a great phone until my phone company T-Mobile was not able to activate the device but cool case.

This stupid thing stop working in 2 weeks and it wont download text massages or pictures the storage sucks and the service is horrible

till now I cannot receive calls and the phone have been here for the past 1/12 weeks

the phone looks good, but its not worth 2 cents. it runs incredibally slow and doesnt have any internal memory.

The charger will not charge the phone. Use charger on other phones and it works fine. It will not charge either battery on this new phone.

When I went to browse on google, I saw a bunch of Asian characters. I tried to get rid of it but I cant. My service rep told me I would have to get it fixed at a place that fixes cellphones. He also said that since I am under the Asian network grid my 4G phone will be operating on 2G, which is the reason why my phone is so slow. Oh, I meant to add that my phone is slow. Further more, my phone does not have GPS so I can't receive data to my sports tracker app that I use to calculate time, distance, speed and calories burned when I cycle or walk. Not very happy with this phone and the scary part is, I don't know how much it would cost to get it changed to the USA network grid or whether or not GPS can be installed. Might have to buy a new phone. I hope I don't get another phone that is set up for the Asian network grid the next time I shop here. This phone would be great if it was 4G fast and had GPS.

The product did not have a name and I did not feel comfortable using it, so  I sent it back.

I recommend putting the money you would spend on this phone to a better phone.  It shuts off when talking, sounds muffled when you talk to people, is hard to hear, and tells me my sims card is missing even when it is firmly in place.  I would avoid the Android brand, I got there tablet and it was bad too.  Stopped working within a few months of purchase.

It wasn't what I was really looking for bad quality phone. The battery life dies fast & the phone goes in and out people can barley hear you

I enjoy the features that the Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 has to offer. I love the touch screen it show me everything I need and can pull up what I want. It has so many apps. I can choose different things with one touch. The big screen is awesome and with beautiful color variations.  I would recommend this phone it is state of the art and easy to use.Thank you from a very please customer.

This is awfull, the phone is too slow and whenever i open an app it takes minutes. Wifi isn't strong too, even though i stand right next to the wifi system. Additionally  whenever I play music and go to an app, the music stops.

If I did follow most of the review on here I would not have purchase this phone, The phone is slow, and right now am having problems where the charger is not charging the phone, and am so disappointed and I feel as if I was robbed

This phone is a waste of money.  A week after I received this phone it no longer charge up. I really would like my money back or a replacement.

THIS WAS THE WORST PHONE I HAVE EVER HAD .PLEASE AND I SAY PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PHONE YOU WILL BE RETURNING IT AS SOON AS YOU GET IT JUST LIKE ME

its really slow. takes for ever to type one word. every time I go to my playstore or internet I lose service. it wont load games, or it will load them then exit out by itself. I switched back to my old phone because it runs faster then this phone.

This phone take to slow to load and download is only 2G.Sucks too slow i dont like this phone

The phone drops calls and the audio reception is horrendous would not recommend this to my enemy just very useless.

Rarely has network connection, will only work if I walk outside in a clear area. In my office and my home I installed the SIM in this and two other phones, each time the other phones worked well but this phone reported &#34;no network service&#34;.in addition to poor cell reception it has poor Wi-Fi reception. Again comparing to two other phones and a laptop it's reception was 25% of the others.It often freezes when using apps like text messaging, browser or Google Maps.

When i was using it, it ran ok. Not too many problems. I would recommend it to others who want it.

I am a phone shop owner. This phone is introduced recently to my store and so far been sold much more than I have anticipated. Actually the phone has given me no trouble. No customer returned the phone so far. Anyway I always give them a cleaning wipes (limited amount) such as25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiperto help them maintain their phones as same as brand new sets.

Different from website description. User's manual not comprehensive enough for one to be comfortable using the phone.

Was not able to send or receive text nor picture messages only allowed to make calls. Also no internet. Just went to the store and bought a better phone

Not a very good phone at all.I have way to many dropped calls and the camera is awful.Will never recommend to anyone

very nice phone Dual sim look like S4 5 inch Screen its Good I liked 2 batteries given with set.

This phone sucks.... I bought it with out much concern for the reviews,but please do listen to them.I got the phone and it seem fine but it won't let me download anything. It glitches. It's very useless.. that's the reason I guess for why it is so cheap. Do your self a favor and do not I repeat DO NOT buy this cheap useless phone.

The only good thing about this phone is its packing. I tried every option to keep the phone but it didn't help.

battery runs down few minutes after talk . unable to pick in-coming calls and unable to switch off when i want to switch off.

The battery cant charge. I charged it and it went down within 1 hr.  It is a nice phone but it does not work

Worst product ever, not happy have no service, internet slow, can't download anything. Need to be taken off amazon asap make the company look bad. Amazon is not the problem it's the phone. I want my money back, order this for my birthday but this surely didn't make me happy. DO NOT ORDER THIS PHONE, IT'S CRAP

I baught this phone for my husband and its amazing we use it with straight talk it's a lot of money saved. the only issue we have with is the letters being a lil too big but over all perfect!!!!! I bought myself the white just like it they are wonderful,i really hate seen people say that they ain't worth it they are!!!

Camera quality sucks, it loses connection every five minutes, for ten to twenty minutes, applications keep closing, can't play games whatsoever because they are too slow, can't keep the cellphone off for a minute or more, always resets the date & time to 12/31/2012 03:01 PM. Can't make outgoing calls & callers can't hear my voice, have to shout at them. You can't have different Wallpapers & Screen locks have to be the same photo. Texting is cheap because you can't have a Signature or change the background images or Fonts & sizes. One battery dies faster then the other.

The charger port broke the first 5 minutes. You can really tell the difference between a Real samsung and a clone. When it comes to cellphones, you get what you pay for. These phones are of cheap poor quality and owners catch curious people like us looking to save a buck. In time this will add up pretty good. I going to do what the sellers are doing and sell you cheap people looking to save money a worthless product. Thanks for this 89 dollar lesson.

Thumb down it not a good phone you can't get no pictures your web don't work every where it a bad phone

the power cord does not fit the power supply slot on the phone tight it is loose does not charge half the time.

aps don't load, turns it's self off then back on, erases messages, charger plug is loose, gotta check the warranty on this one

Good Product and good seller but I will be very much grateful if you introduce the same product with Single SIM Card Slot.

someone tried to put in my unlock code while i was sleep and lock my phone up now i cant get back in the phone i done tried everything to unlock my phone it still wont unlock i was wondering can i send this phone back

This phone is really good. I got it as a gift. Sometimes it acts slow. But over-all its good. Still trying to find a case!

GREAT PHONE, COLOR, SIZE AND DESING. ARRIVED ON TIME. THIS PHONE GOT ALL MY ESPECTATION. IT IS FRIENDLY AND EASY TO USE. THE WAS UNLOKED AND WORKS PERFECTLY IN VENEZUELA. JUST LOVE IT!

The day I received the phone auer, and not to raise internet ... want to know what to do, and that were addressed to me my phone service operator, said that is problem with the phone, I feel cheated

it won't keep a signal and drops calls

Phone works good but I was suppose to get a free case and did not receive

This phone should not even get one star!! Its horrible. I ordered 2 of these phones. Froze all the time I could never get a phone call if I made a phone call you couldn't hear anything at all. Half the time I wasn't getting any text messages. It also would say that I was getting picture messages from numbers I didn't even have in my phone. I would text them back an they never sent me a message an didn't know who I was. Don't waist your time or money on this phone. We had them for less then a week and had to go buy NEW phones!!!

I was NOT satisfied at all. The phone was not working properly so I had to send it back. AWFUL!!!

DON'T BUY THIS PHONE IT'S SHIT ! I READ THE REVIEWS AND DID NOT TAKE IT SERIOUS. I WISH I CAN HAVE MY MONEY BACK THIS PHONE IS SHIIIIIIIT ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A TEENAGER IN COLLEGE LIKE ME WHO LOVES INSTAGRAM AND FACEBOOK...... YOU CAN KISS THAT GOODBYE IF YOU GET THIS PHONE. IF YOU JUST WANT A EMERGENCY PHONE ITS EXCELLENT FOR YOU.

I HAD THE PHONE FOR 1 WEEK..THE PHONE DOSN'T  WORK WELL. IT ALWAYS FREZZES UP. SHIPPING WAS VERY FAST. I DONT IIKE THIS PHONE AT ALL. VERY CHEAP

Great looking phone, but couldn't get it to connect to any type Internet was wasn't of time thank you for trying

Purchased this for someone and they love it. Only thing is now the charging port on 1 has to be replaced.

no stars you cant download no more then 2 apps low internal storage space, phone freezes up, and its just a waste of money I wouldn't recommend the phone to nobody to buy.....

Bright, large screen. Unit initialized from out of the box and has functioned properly ever since. 3MP camera, with flash. WIFI. Bluetooth. Good basic smart-phone for the money.

this is a disgrace, first of all the damn battery keeps a charge for about 2 hours and thats when the phone is sitting idle, the touch screen is TOO DAMN SENSATIVE, opening to change the battery is a pain in the butt. i wish i had never bought it.

Please if you haven't bought this phone yet, then do not waste your money. Like most other reviews, this phone is cheap. It freezes a lot, the keys will not work, looses network connection several times, texting is a nightmare because the thing lags behind as you text and hence takes forever just writing one word. The battery life is horrible, it says network connection uses up 80% of the battery. I did not see the DEMON word on it though, otherwise I would have burnt the stupid thing.

I rebuked then returned the phone the moment I turned it on. Don't get me wrong it's a nice phone BUT, I don't like the fact that the big bold red word &#34;DEMON&#34; is written in the background, what's up with that? That was disturbing to me. I'm a little disappointed :-(

The phone was very slow I bought it no so there is no excuses on why It diddnt work. It looks like a good phone but it horrible!!

when i got this phone everything looked great i turned it on and that when things went down south i called att and they told me this phone wasnt even compadable with them and i needed to take it to my local att store so i did 3 different people looked at for 1 they mad it look like an htc but they named it htm they flipped the c to make an m then when they scanned the bar code it came across as a blackbarry then they proceeded to tell me that they couldnt even tell me if the phone was stolen or not then they told me that china is making these phones and us americans are buying them up because they are cheap if i could find the person that sold me this phone i would shove it down there throat DO NOT BUY THESE PHONE IT IS A SCAM

I bought this phone already, is there any way I can get my money back after reading these reviews ?

Where to begin. Positive: Amazon ROCKS with order and delivery.This telephone is the worst. The screen is too light to even see. You cant change the wallpaper. The google is in Chinese. The PHONE IS SLOWWWWWW and sluggish. Will not load the most light programs. Went out and bought a bigger memory card and the phone still says not enough memory. It will not load my contacts and the instructions are non existent. DO NOT buy THIS PHONE. I am returning it two days after I got it.

texting is awful very slow.network reception so poor and when you restart the have a big sign coming up DEMON be warned its not a good product

Took phone to Costa Rica and they say they don't have that type of Sim Card in their country. So I could not use this phone.  Wasted my moneySo consider adding information about type micro-sim, or mini-sim or nano-sim to validate where it can be used.

Is a nice phone.it is easy to use. I can't say anything much because I gave it out as a gift.

was not unlocked sending back.

the phone is slow not good on keeping window open single bad wish i could get my money backand get a new phone

The phone didn't work. Calls dropped the people couldn't hear me. Couldn't text it  was so slow. Bluetooth wouldn't connect to my car. I had to send the phone back.

I sold him the faulty screen I demand that you recognize the fault that came with the phone got messed me they are the worst of the worst I would do if I could report it immediately

I am ashamed for the sellers to receive the amount that i paid for it.by no means i need my money back.It is nothing but simple cheap cell phone.none of the keys on the screen are responding.I bought an 8 gb memory card for it,it did not workin a simple language let me know how we can solve the problem?Thank youTessema

Phone sucks got it for my girfriend she hars it as well u cant go.on the internet u hardle can here. Freezez.on you for those who still.thinking well maybe it might not do that to me um yes it will. I went tru the same s*** run away from this phone

The volume does not work unless headphones is in use, it lose power very fast.

deleys a bit wit the touch screen, other than that, is great

Didnt like it

this phone overheats and screab is always blinking. I would not recommend this its crap. The worst phone i aver bought,

EXCELENTE EQUIPO

First off, it boots up with the word DEMON in bold red letters. Secondly it does not work as advertised. It is advertised to work with AT&T but DOES NOT WORK with my AT&T account. Not to mention that it has next to no memory on the phone itself. The camera absolutely sucks and there is such a lag in basic functions. I absolutely hate this phone. Also, the company is giving me the run around, not wanting to refund my purchase. I paid $90 for this phone and they only offered me $15 and that is only if I intend to keep it.

Very please with this phone. I was ecstatic that this is just like the Galaxy 4 phone only a whole lot cheaper!!!! I would recommend this phone to everyone.

I would not Advise no one too buy this phone most apps on the App Store and the background light flashes for no reason. Not a good phone

I mean the phone looks pretty, yes!! Comes with a case, extra battery, headphones, and charger. But, you have to buy a sd card, because the memory is so low and the front and back camera sucks. I didn't buy it for the looks, it was just a waiste of money. Tbh.

got this phone at first i though it was a good phone, my bf used it for 3 weeks. and hated it.it freezes all the time, wont let you make calls or text on it, never has service what so ever.sending this phone back getting my money back and buying another one from another place. cant have a phone that wont let you do anything.. very upset about this

This item is perfect look alike of the s4 galaxy but its not of the same standard guys its a nice phone to get someone with patients cuz the phone is slow camera is not of good quality. worth the price

Speedy delivery but contents were garbage.Device dropped calls, powered cycle off, got extremely hot.My son couldn't even use it 90% of the  time.

I could say numerous things about how awful this phone is. First off, starting it, &#34;DEMON&#34; in big bold letters appears.. Creepy? Then trying to type a message is absolutely AWFUL. I have to wait for it to catch up before pressing the space bar. Typing a simple message takes me 5 minutes compared to 1 or 2. To get the phone to unlock from the screen, you have to do it 3 or 4 times, or just push it really hard. The camera is crappy. I downloaded Facebook, Tumblr, and Youtube and the storage was already full. -NOT TO MENTION- the first night I had this phone, the 1st battery, stopped working. Looks like a nice phone, but I'm utterly disappointed in it..

Phone is no good. I would not sell anything like that at my business. but, I blame only mysely. I went for the cheap price. I will do without till I save enough money to get a good one.

I must say this is the best and most reliable site that one can use to use to make purchases. I find it very convenient an the deli every is always on time.ive no regrets.i love amazon.and I must say customer service is the best.
