
So understand my review may be a bit unhelpful, but as I pla around with it I am finding more and more I can do, and now I use it every day. I do have to charge it on average of once per 1 - 1 1/5 days, and that is with fairly light usage. I do not like the preloaded aps (like NFL) that I cannot remove. But other than that I feel it's just a matter of learning via trial and error. The screen is large, it is a bit heavy so I keep it in my purse and use Bluetooth accessories to answer phone calls and only bring it out to use it like a tablet or to text. The pictures are very nice, crisp and clear. Overall, I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship :)

Very fast! Very reliable! Really outshines my iphone 5s. It takes really good pictures and video. I pick up wiFi signals everywhere I go. Verizon's network is really good so no dropped calls. I would recommend any HTC One devices.

This is one of the greatest phones HTC has ever made! Its build is top notch, the the design is bold and modern, and it has a premium feel to it. It made out of metal with solid plastic trim (nothing flimsy or cheap here), has a huge full HD screen and supports Micro SD cards, and can still fit in most of my jeans pockets. The phone's UI is fast and never lags, those who complain about the processor type and clock speed should know that it really doesn't matter here, it works perfectly. The front facing speakers our powerful and clear, great for watching videos and games. The IR blaster on the top can control your TV and home theatre equipment and is fast to set up. The large battery seems to charge up quickly and lasts all day, with WIFI on.TLDR Version:Pros:- 5.9&#34; HD Screen- Micro SD Card Slot (up to 64Gb)- Stereo front facing speakers- Premium Build- Fast User Interface (UI), No Lag!- IR Blaster (control your TV!)- Huge long lasting batteryCons:- Underwhelming picture quality (Its good. Its NOT bad. It could be better.)- Verizon bloatware (Apps can be 'hidden' though)I will NOT list Weight as a Con, because it's a big phone made of metal, no duh its heavier than its competitors! Who cares, you knew that would come when your screen is 5.9&#34; and you have stereo speakers! Worth it. I did not test the fingerprint scanner as I like using the pattern lock.- YES, I would recommend this phone to friends.

&#34;Supersize me&#34; is what I should have said upon requesting this phone. It would have been spot on. The screen is supersized, the sound of music coming from the One max's speakers is larger than life, the camera quality is spectacular, and the battery life is much better than what I initially expected.With my moderate to sometimes heavy use, including Waze, locally stored music, games, social media, web browsing, photos, and more, I can easily get through an entire day. The details in the photos the One max takes are incredible. I've never been happier with a smartphone camera. The dual front speakers bring the action or music directly to me.I can't imagine any situation where someone would be disappointed with this phone. If the 5.9&#34; screen isn't for you then you'll want to look at the HTC One... you won't be disappointed there either.

I love it for the reason that I am a little hesitant about it...the thing is HUGE.  The size is a factor just from the footprint that it leaves.  It is very thin, it fits in a back pocket of jeans without concern, but carrying it in any other place requires more forethought that I've had to put into any of the other smartphones I've owned.This is not intended to be a comprehensive review, so I'll be short and concise on the things that have caught my eye.  The battery life on it is phenomenal.  After the initial charge, it was three days before needing to charge it again.  I was picking up wireless off of our home network, so the &#34;work&#34; done was perhaps less than in a not wi-fi situation.Really do like this phone.

First let me say that I am SOOOO glad that I didn't let the tech reviews on the web scare me away from this phone. I've only had it for two days but I am constantly asking myself if this is the same phone that was widely panned by the tech sites.These are some of the concerns I had after reading tech reviews and my reality once I got the phone in my hot little hands,Size: I'm a small woman with pretty large hands but I still worried about this phone being too large. My reality is that it's fine. Yes, I do have to use two hands for some things but honestly I'm not one to hold my smaller smart phone one handed so it's a non-issue for me.Phone Weight: My hands are also strong because I'm a massage therapist so maybe that's why this phone doesn't feel at all heavy to me. Some tech sites mentioned that it felt as if would tumble forward and out of the hand and again, I'm just not experiencing that at all and I've been playing with it on and off for two days. It feels very balanced and barely heavier than my old smart phone.Camera: So far, I love the camera and  the software features that allow me to edit my pictures and videos right on the camera in an amazing number of ways. I'm still discovering all the things that this software is capable of. Tech reviews complained about the lack of image stabilization. I found an "ant-shake" setting. But honestly pictures with and without that setting look great and I'm not all that steady with a camera. It may be true that images might not look crystal clear when blown up (I haven't had a chance to check) but for my purposes, email, blogging, facebook this camera is awesome!Battery life: Just as amazing as has been reported! I'm thrilled not to have to recharge my battery halfway through the day.Screen: Extremely clear and crisp images. DH commented on it when I showed him an internet article with pictures. The screen is large enough to navigate the internet and/or email without squinting. This means that I can put this baby in my handbag and leave my tablet behind.Speakers: Unreal! Would be great for conference calls. These speakers are everything they are rumored to be.My experience in using the various functions and internet with this phone would lead me to term it "snappy." I've not experienced any lags or slowness at all.Purchasing a Verizon phone from amazon: I have amazon prime (love it!) and received my phone in two days as promised. Amazon sent me a separate email detailing step by step how to activate the phone. It also told me to contact Amazon CS if I ran into problems. Transferring the info from my old smart phone to this one and activating it was a breeze. Not a single hitch. I was amazed.As I said, I've only had this phone for two days. I'll update this review if my opinion changes. As of now I'd recommend this phone and am very glad I purchased it!Updating this review to say that I just downloaded a free word processing app (Kingsoft office)and printing app (brother). I was able to create a document with a photo in it and then print it wirelessly. This phone just keeps getting better and better.

yes it's big, but if you like seeing a screen without squinting, and you use bluetooth for calls, you will love it, battery life is  good, ordered  a jacket with 4200mah built in battery for it, intention was to eliminate plugging the charger in to the phone, that has ruined many a phone for me , damage to charging port, this way I plug it in once to external and leave it, and plug in external battery every other day. Phone has all the bells and whistles, awesome screen 1080p real hd,  I still don't understand what people see in Apple iphones, this phone blows them away, added a 64gb sd card, to the already 32gb built in, so not a storage issue especially when adding the cloud into the mix, google throws a 60gb add-on for 2 years with HTC, all and all I rate it great.

This phone is simply a marvel to behold. Every single time I pull it out people are wow'd, and not just by the size of the full HD 1080 screen, which comes in at 5.9 inches. The picture quality cannot be matched. HTC had the first ever true HD screen almost 3 years ago, and today they are still on the cutting edge of phone build quality and technology. Samsung eat your heart out!

This phone is about the size of a mini tablet, so if your looking for compact don't buy. if you want something that is easy to use, easy to see, easy to find when you lay it down this phone is perfect.

This Phone great! I Love everything about it. The Battery Life is Outstanding . The screen is clear . Its fairly Easy to Operate. overall I Suggest this Phone !

The biggest thing to note here is the screen size, it's gigantic. Although the clarity of the picture is awesome too.  Everything operates smoothly, and works as expected. It sure is nice to have all that real estate on screen.The casing is aluminum and does have both a premium look and feel.My only real gripe so far is that the volume when I am listening to someone talk is t the loudest.  I do have to struggle a bit to hear.All in all this is a great phone.  If you like a large premium phone and you have pockets large enough for it, pick one up.I came from the 5" galaxy s4.  This one is so much larger, yes, it's big.

I bought this phone two months ago and absolutely love it. I was using the Galaxy S4,  and was not impressed at all,  and it kept locking up. I have not had any problems with this phone and will be buying another one for my wife soon.

Love this phone. I have been a fan of HTC since my first one 4 years ago. Love that it has a bigger display for videos and love the clarity of the picture! If the HTC One had external storage I may have got it but I will deal with this being bulky for it having such a good screen. Shipping was not any faster than I would have expected. In fact, it could have been faster if it was sent USPS and NOT UPS! Either way, the phone is great and I always get the otterbox, there worth their weight in gold to me!! Heavy phone and could be easy to drop.

Nice phone/phablet. If you don't have large hands, don't bother. It's a bit much for most people.  Works great for me. Fits in all of my trousers' pockets. I'm not a big fan of Sense UI as I'm used to pure Android, but it's still nice. The phone's camera takes some getting used to as it's not a high megapixel camera and uses software to assist with low lighting. You won't get much detail, but can still take good shots. Battery life has been great for me after a week of constant corporate email pinging, social media and bright screen settings. Down to about 20% remaining at 1am each day after a full charge to start the day (8am).-RAP, II

I was looking for a phone that had a long battery life and this one fits that.  It also has great sound with the speakers in the front for watching videos and listening to music.  The camera is awesome in taking very quick pictures instead of the long pauses my last phones camera had when I wanted it to take the picture.  I wasn't sure about the size but I love that I can see the screen and it fits into my backpack and purse very easily.  It is also very fast.

Amazing phone!  It's like a  mini tablet but with more options and great features!  The battery life lasts longer than any of my previous smartphones.  It comes with a very roomy display and the speakers are awesome.  This is by far the best cell phone I have had!  Along with the 5 stars, I'm also giving this phone 2 thumbs up.

I love the phone is very big phone but if you're looking for a bigger phone I would definitely recommend It. it also has great battery life and the speakers are amazing the screen also is very high definition I upgraded from a Droid Razr Maxx and I definitely think this is a good Switch. also for the price on amazon compared to the price at verizon our best buy you can't beat the deal

Clear Screen, High resolution, great speakers, made from the best materials!  What more can you ask for?  It doesn't have a stylus but I don't really need one.  Long battery life and fingerprint sensor.  Does everything exactly the way I wanted.

History on my buy:Alright, so I was on the boarder of buying a phone at first. I'm not too sure where to even start with the HTC One Max. It's amazingly flawless in my honest opinion! I'd want to share right now, I owned the Note 3 and every other day I found defects. The major problem with the Note 3 was the cheap feel, skimmy/flimsly light weight and plastic fake chrome edges. I also had to replace it for some hardware problems, but that's beside the point. The Note 3 wasn't the phone for me, it made me think twice before I bought another phone just because of the &#34;high-end&#34; hardware.Reason to buy it:When I was going for a phone, I needed something big. I had to go big or go home. The Galaxy Mega seemed to be that apple of my eye, just hated the cheap internal hardware it brought also the cheap screen quality. Then I found the HTC One Max, my dreams all wrapped up into one phone. Can it be? Everything I wanted for a simple $100 at Amazon? It was love at first sight, although things came up and three months passed. I checked back on the HTC One Max, wondering if it will shoot up in price again, it stayed solid. I ended up taking the chance just this last week. I considered the M8 version of the HTC One is coming out but who knows if the M8 will bring up the One Max model, I couldn't risk it. I bought the phone.Shipping:It took one business day to arrive, I had it at last. The phone, it's huge. I mean it's BIG. You know what's the best part about it though? It's bigger than my Note 3. The sound at first was semi-good, then found I needed to download the highest quality versions of music/videos so I can get the full effect. After watching a video at 1080p, the quality of the screen was an intimidate detail I couldn't ignore.  It's so beautiful, I gazed at it... so many pixels, such a bright screen, so much sound all in one little device.Amazing features!The built in sensor for controlling all televisions! Seriously this phone is a media controller for TV's, Stereos, Cable Box. Works so well. It also has MHL built in by default. MHL to HDMI, it's so nice to see your phone up on your big screen TV. It doesn't degrade the quality of the videos as well, it actually looks as well as your smartphone screen. Full 1080p by default, Netflix, games, youtube and even the camera works on MHL. Just awesome.Hardware:As everyone knows the specs, two gigs of ram + the mid-range CPU (compared to the Note 3), I seriously see no difference. The HTC in my opinion multi task faster than the Note 3, it's much smoother. Verified with every test I did. I might look into rooting this phone soon and pushing it's hardware to the max but for now I see no reason... and maybe also the time haha. Seriously though, this phone never froze or lagged on me. Switching from camera, to video then games at a swift swipe of your screen. HTC One Max effortlessly manages the operating system of android.Quality:I took the time to install my apps, use the camera, personalize the phone. It's just amazing, the size is such a big deal, everyone who sees it always, always, ALWAYS brings up the phone size. The build quality of this phone is clearly shown above all else. This feels like a highend thousand dollar phone.The camera:This is a phone, not a high end camera. To take photos like a normal person, close up, selfies and group photos it's nice. If you want to take photos from a large view, zoomed in 200%, don't expect much. The quality of the photos are nice in a sunny day, the night time photos are actually better than the majority of smart phones without the flash. It adjust really well, the focus on this phone is very responsive, no delay. The front face camera is a lower quality just like all other smartphones, it does take amazing photos in the day.Finger Scanner:Let me just say, I've read allot of mixed reviews on this. Personally I believe it's one of three issues for it NOT to work. If this isn't working for you, either you haven't setup the scanner correctly, your fingers are wet or you have a faulty scanner.The scanner works perfect for me, it took some getting use to when you setup the scanner. All you have to do is pick up the muscle memory, assure you scan your finger EXACTLY how you scanned it before, also just an FYI for everyone, you don't just place your finger you swipe your finger from the top of the phone towards the bottom. The first few days I was having misreadings, forcing me to use the password but after muscle memory kicked in it works every time. Never miss. Just assure you do setup the scanner correctly the first time, slowly but correctly.Price:I bought this phone for $100 via Amazon to Verizon, the phone is awesome. The antenna works better than the Note 3, I get 4G LTE everywhere not just 4G. I bought it when Verizon had the credit special so that was an added plus, I found that HTC One Max has some great warranty... they replace your screen should you break it within the first 6 months of owning the device.Final Review:This phone is awesome, I almost don't want to recommend it to anyone so I can continue to be one of the few that owns this. It's sooooo underrated seriously. Although I have to give it to HTC, they made a phone that doesn't make me feel &#34;worried&#34; that the next generation phones are coming. This is a solid phone and will be for a LONG time and still look new, modern and sexy.Cons???:Phone is not well known, phone is HUGE (might be a con for some) also maybe the battery thing. Can't remove it but I've yet to kill the battery.... I don't know how a small 3,300 mAh battery can last ME all day. That's quality.

This is the single most premium feeling and looking phablet out there.  If you spend $600 on a phone and want to feel as though you got your moneys worth than grab this sweet piece of electronics.  The camera is VERY underrated (doesn't produce as many bad/blurry shots as the S4 or Note 3), and there is nothing like ZOE.  I have average size hands and the phone is so ergonomically friendly it is a joy to hold while you game or watch videos.  You may want to get a bluetooth however as holding it up to your ear can  be tiresome after a while, the same can be said for my Note 3.  Definitely worth taking a long look at.

I love that the battery life is long. People make fun of how big it is, but the large screen makes it easy to use and see. The speakers also are a blessing.

Awesome phone with a great battery life. Strong processor. Added a 32gb memory card for extra storage. An amazing screen.

This is a great phone! I had the Galaxy Note 3 but live in a rural area and it got practically zero reception. It also dropped calls and wifi a lot so apparently the antenna's in the Note 3 aren't that great. So I got this phone and LOVE IT. The screen is bigger than the Note 3 and is crystal clear. The front facing speakers are phenomenal and my friends and I can't believe how nice watching Utube videos is. It's really great to be able to finally have a phone with amazing speakers. The camera seems OK so far, very very good low lighting pictures. Phone seems fast and snappy. The build of the phone is a little heavy but I like the solid feeling in hand as opposed to the plastic of the Note 3. Best thing? Sitting on my couch where the Note 3 would have ZERO reception, the One Max has 3g and 3 bars. So, my problem is solved. Thanks HTC!

awsome phone works great amazing screen and sound i have been a samsung fan for a long time and htc has really come a long way since i last had one of there phones!!!!!!!!

I have owned this phone for a few months now. It is a big phone but i have big hands and can still text one handed. My previous phone was the samsung galaxy s3 and kept freezing on me. The operating system on the one max is a lot more stable. The battery life on this phone is incredible. The screen is sharp and clear. The phone feels heavy but solid and well built. My only cons are there is no forward tab or button on the web. The fingerprint scanner doesn't really work and I do wish the camera more megapixles. The Otterbox Defender case works great with this phone .

I too read the reviews on cnet, engadget and verge and thought his phone would be a stretch of a buy. They were right in their review though, but wrong in their conclusions. I love that this phone is merely a larger version of the HTC One. The screen is amazing and the camera is great for it being a gargantuan phone. If i wanted to take better pictures I would buy an actual camera that could not simultaneously make phone calls. The real selling point of this phone is the speakers that actually face you, who would have thought that would be a niffty thing. I cannot understate how loud and full sounding they are. I no longer need an additional speaker to listen to Youtube videos as I can barely stand the settings at half volume. The screen is set at 370 ppi which means you will not lack anything when consuming your Netflix and Hulu. The only screen that I found bests this monster is the equally sized Nokia 1520 (a phone I wish ran android).The only down side to this phone is the width and heft. If you put a case on this beast you are going to need a backpack to lug around this small computer. I wish they gave you more choices in the grid size of the home screens and they need to utilize the acreage of the screen by allowing split screen mode or something similar.Finally, I hope that they keep this humongous device supported with all the updates promised the smaller One and in the future develop this immense phone into its own segment as the Galaxy Note differed from the Galaxy line. If you like HTC One but wish it was big enough to play tennis on, then this is your phone plan and simple.

This is by far the best deal on an amazing phone. I will never buy a cell phone plan through the phone companies again.

Well it's finally happened!... a phone big enough without being a tablet and a tablet small enough to be a phone.  True, as other owners would agree, it's a little big and heavy but you soon get used to it.  Speed, performance, storage and of course the amazing giant screen!  As I try to think what else to write I really can't....it's a great phone!

Well, I got this phone as a trade-up from the Samsung Note 2 - which was a great phone.  Things I like about this HTC One Maxx better?  The screen is much cleaner on the whites.  If you hold ANY Samsung phone next to an HTC and go to a white background  - say perhaps Google home page - you will notice a BIG difference. Not to say the Samsung doesn't have a great screen 0 it does - but once you see the HTC you will know the difference.Also, I love the front-facing speakers, though I don't think they're really ALL that much better than the Note's - they just face forward and seem a little clesrer.  Still no decent bass.  Though no phone has that.The MAIN thing I like with this phone is the INTERFACE - I love the BlinkFeed!!  It's awesome.  and I like the pull-down toggle dialog for all the common things like WiFi, BT, Screen Auto-Rotate, etc.  Very handy.  The battery lasts a full day with my normal use, but I think the Note 2 was a tiny bit better.  Still testing that, but I have no real complaints there.My only gripe - and it's pretty big - is that the Power is EXACFTLY where my thumb goes to when I pick it up and/or hold it.  IT's maddening that I keep shutting the phone off or turning it on every time I touch it.  Partly due to my cover, which makes it easier to use the buttons - which I like - but I just think the placement is extremely frustrating.  I'm going to search for a different case and maybe that'll help.  Also, the other gripe would be that it is a bit heavy compared to other phones.  Not a deal breaker, though - the screen size and clarity and the interface make the phone the best I've ever had - and I've had a TON of phones.UPDATE 3/13/14:  I got rid of the phone.  LOL  Problem is that it is too big for me, personally, but ONLY when it comes to carrying it around; I loved the screen size.  IT was just a bit impractical.  I don't like wearing holsters and I don't like a phone bulging my pants pocket, so I carry it with me all the time in my hand.  Which caused me to drop the phone once - breaking the screen.  A month later I dropped it again - and then ran over it!  Then two weeks later I dropped it again and lost it.  I managed to find it a few days later, but only after I had bought the LG G2, which is 5.2".  I really liked the LG, and decided to sell the HTC One Maxx.  I miss the screen size quite a bit, but this pohone fits nicely in my pocket, and not so bad in a belt holster.  I also really like the power and volume buttons being on the back of the phone.  I miss Blinkfeed - a lot - but overall, the LG G2 works for me.  I still recommend the HTC One Maxx, if you can handle it.

The HTC One Max comes with many features that allow you to truly maximize your lifestyle from your smartphone. HTC sent me a unit to test and I have not put it down since.A 5.9 inch screenWith an almost 6 inch screen, the HTC One Max is designed to make so many tasks easier on a smartphone.  My HTC One is smaller than my prior smartphone, the DROID DNA so for me, the 6 inch screen would be an easy transition.  The nice thing about the size is that it makes photo viewing, gaming, social media, videos, and almost every daily task that much easier.  Men can fit the One Max in the front pocket of their jeans while women can easily toss it in their handbag.A Processor to keep up with daily tasksI am  not here to argue specs; you can find that on every tech website there is.  My content is based on real life functionality and the Snapdragon 600 processor in the HTC One Max delivers that with ease.  The screen resolution is the same on the One Max as the HTC One so very little will change for the majority of users when putting the Snapdragon 600 processor to use.Sense 5.5Sense 5.5 brings some fantastic changes that you will quickly become rather dependent on.1. The video highlights are pretty amazing.  I first played around with this feature after our daughter's holiday concert and was blown away by how easy it was to create and share all in less than 3 minutes. To create a video highlight, swipe from the left within your gallery to find "Highlights".  Select your photos, theme, and music and watch your photos come to life in less than five minutes. With Sense 5.5, users also find improved access through Quick Settings.  To access your Quick Settings, swipe down and tap on the tiled icon in the upper right corner. You can customize what is included in your Quick Settings by clicking on the edit icon (see the little pencil...that's it!).BlinkFeedThe design of the HTC One Max allows me to make the absolute most of BlinkFeed.  I immediately noticed the viewing difference between my HTC One and the HTC One Max with the increased real estate.  With the UI of BlinkFeed, reading is easy and seamless.1.  Use BlinkFeed to keep up on your social networking by connecting your Twitter, Facebook, and other social networks.  Then choose the topics and content you like to read and let BlinkFeed do the work for you.2.  To view one content source within BlinkFeed or toggle between sources, simply swipe from the left of the BlinkFeed screen to access the menu.  From here you can choose to view any topic or source to make sure you never miss a thing!3.  Add your own RSS Feeds to BlinkFeed to bring the content you love from your RSS reader right to your HTC One or HTC One Max.  To add an RSS feed, simply pull down on the BlinkFeed screen, click on the 3 button icon in the upper right corner, click on Topics and Services, and swipe over to Custom Topics. Then click on the search bar and search for your topic or content source.4. Want to read something that you don't have time for at the moment?  Mark it to read later in BlinkFeed with the easy access button on the lower left while you are in the article.5. Traveling internationally and want to keep up with relevant news?  Add "Editions" to your Topics and Services to stay current wherever you are!Sense TVSense TV is also available on the HTC One and offers you the simple ability to use your One or One Max to control your television and view your TV guide.  It pairs so easily that it allows versatility and fun when you are traveling or visiting friends and family.  You can choose your favorite shows and your show listings will also show themselves in your BlinkFeed so you always stay current.  You can also set up calendar alerts for the shows you want to watch.I love it - a perfect 10 for me!

Initially skeptical of super-sized phones (or "phablets," a term I despise), I began using the HTC One max with hesitation.  HTC was kind enough to send me one to test out in December.  Almost instantly I was a convert, singing its praises and wondering how I could ever live without it.The size of the phone is perfect.  Prior to using it, I was convinced it would be too large, but now that I've got it I can't imagine going back to anything smaller.  The build quality of the HTC One max is phenomenal, and the oft-mentioned weight of the device feels good in your hand.  It feels like a premium, rugged device, unlike those plasticky feeling phones of some of the competitors.The display is phenomenal, and paired with the front-facing "BoomSound" speakers it's truly a fantastic multimedia device.  You will quickly become spoiled by this, and other phones will feel tiny by comparison.The 4MP "UltraPixel" camera does really well in low-light situations, but the lower resolution hurts it during daylight shooting.  The fingerprint scanner I found to not be a fluid enough experience to warrant my using it daily, so I tend to ignore it.  These two things are the only flaws I have found with the phone.The 32GB on board storage and expandable microSD slot mean you can jam pack this phone with music, pictures and videos, and enjoy all of them on the huge screen and great speakers.The 3300 mAh battery lasts me easily 2 days and more often 3 with moderate usage.  Paired with the HTC Power Flip Case I have reached 4 days of battery life, something I haven't seen since I started using smartphones over three years ago.The new camera app, with HTC Zoe and video highlights built in is absolutely amazing, and is easily one of my favorite features of the phone.  The Sense TV is also fantastic, and came in particularly handy when I lost my TV's remote control while moving cross country this winter.I can't say enough good about this device.  I enjoy so much more media on my phone now than ever before, and I never worry about my battery life.  The HTC One max has absolutely changed the way I use my smartphone.

Great for watching TV, videos, listening to music, playing games, etc..... huge phone but my husband loves it great gut gift.

If you're a data junky like me its a pretty great phone large crisp screen great speakers. decent camera with rapid fire feature. Fingerprint scanner works better than my computer and door locks. And the battery so far has been great 2 days on a charge with hourly use during the day. However I do NOT like the fact that the battery isn't removable! and the home screen info stream is garbage I never use it and find it extremely annoying.

Just what I need , getting older and large screen makes it so easy to read and view , sound is fantastic great for games and watching video. Granted this is a large phone and not for someone with small hands but for me great as got big hands and easy to hold and use.  Don't know if can ever go back to small phones as am spoiled now ..  the design is very nice and the metal back is classy and upscale..

its fast, good reception wish it was like a dumb phone but way better than my girlfriends Samsung! sound is amazing, picture and camera are also good. battery life is awesome best I have ever scene in a smart phone, I video chat for at least a hour a day besides everything else and still have over 30 percent to 50 percent when I go to bed at night!

Coming from the Galaxy note 2. This phone is amazing especially once you have it rooted and running ViperMax rom!

Disclaimer: Although I&#8217;m not a professional blogger, HTC sent me the One max to review.  Here are my thoughts after a month of dedicated use:At first glance, it&#8217;s &#8220;Wow this thing is huge!&#8221;  The weight is noticeably heavier that my previous phone, the HTC Droid DNA.  The size in your hand is huge and you cannot use one hand to do much of anything.  This is definitely a two handed device.  However, due to its thin profile, I can carry it with ease in any pants/jeans/shorts pockets I&#8217;ve tried.  I don&#8217;t typically use a case.Upon power up, the beauty of the full 1080 x 1920 HD 5.9&#8221; screen is amazing.  The screen is protected with the latest generation Corning Gorilla Glass 3.  In my experience, the new Gorilla Glass 3 is quite smudge resistant which is great for me since I don&#8217;t use screen protectors.I&#8217;ve always hated talking on speakerphone with my phone face up, but the One max fixes the issue with the BoomSound dual front stereo speakers.  They also sound great for music and watching movies.  I&#8217;ve never heard better sound on a phone!  As far as performance goes, the phone is very quick at every task I&#8217;ve tried including gaming.My biggest question mark going in was battery life.  Turns out, after more than a month&#8217;s use, the battery life is actually surprisingly AMAZING and the best I&#8217;ve had in a smart phone to date.  I just can&#8217;t kill the 3300 mAh battery in a FULL day&#8217;s usage.The One max comes with Android 4.3 with Sense 5.5 and BlinkFeed, HTC&#8217;s new content aggregation suite that is the centerpiece of the Sense 5.5 experience.  I like to use BlinkFeed to keep up with current events as the day progresses, but BlinkFeed is customizable for each person&#8217;s interests.The fingerprint scanner is supposed to be a big feature.  In practice, I found the fingerprint scanner to be a bit of a hassle.  I&#8217;d say its accuracy of reading my fingerprint on first scan is 75-80%.  Good news is that you can disable the feature if you want.  On another note, the IR blaster works great and is good for controlling any IR device from a TV to an air conditioner (with proper app).The One max comes with 32GB onboard storage and support for up to a 64GB microSD card.  That&#8217;s a HUGE upgrade from my HTC Droid DNA which only had 16GB onboard and no microSD card.  Big thumbs up for this on the One max!!The camera on the One max features HTC&#8217;s UltraPixel camera.  I&#8217;ve found picture taking and video taking to be perfect for my needs.  The camera reacts quickly and takes very good pictures.  The HTC Zoe sequence shot is pretty neat and useful for capturing moments with my young daughter.In summary, the biggest pro and the biggest con of the HTC One max is the screen size.  It&#8217;s big and beautiful and hard to imagine life with a smaller screen, but sometimes the inconvenience of not having one handed operation is a big deal.  Everything else, the sound, storage, battery life, performance, Bluetooth, NFC, camera, etc. is MORE than adequate for my needs/wants.  The One max is a BIG hit (pun intended).

i listened to all the you tube reveiews and disagree they always  compare this phone to the note 3 and how much beter the samsung was with its stylus and bigger proceccor.my reveiw this phone has beautiful displat two wonderful front stereo hi def speakers .the note has one tiny rear speaker and big deal if it has a pen how many people use it i upgraded from the note 2 had no use for the pen and had to cup the rear speaker to increase max volume as far as i go this is the phone you will fall in love with

The biggest professional reviewer rap against this phone is that it is pretty much the same as the HTC One (which is highly rated by professional reviewers), just bigger.  Well, yeah, that's the point.  It is bigger.  If you find it challenging to key in data or select a hyperlink on a smartphone, the HTC One Max is the solution.  The keyboard is big - particularly in the landscape mode.  Surfing the  internet and responding to emails is a breeze on the HTC.Is the phone too big?  Not in my opinion.  Even with a Trident Cyclops protective case, the HTC One Max still fits in my front jeans pockets.  You will need a protective case - because of the metal case, the phone is very slippery.  The phone is heavy - but I find that makes it easier to hold securely than an ultra-lightweight phone.  The battery seems pretty strong - after an average day of calls, texts, and emails, I still have about 60 percent left.Everything important on the phone works well.  Call quality is terrific.  Bluetooth and WiFi work well.  The display is downright dazzling.  Driving around Phoenix I am getting five bars in areas I was never able to get more than three bars on my old phone.  The camera results are very good for everyday needs, but not as good as a high quality digital camera. On the aesthetic side, this phone is gorgeous and looks and feels expensive.  I know taste and aesthetics are very subjective, but I feel the large Samsung phones (which are competitive with the HTC) are just too plastic and cheap feeling.Are there any downsides?  Yes.  The phone is very slippery, as I said.  If you don't use a protective case you are going to drop it.  The engineering design genius who put the on/off button exactly where your hand would go when you take a call needs a serious slap on the wrist.  The good news is that if you get the right protective case, the buttons which cover the on/off button and the volume buttons are much less easy to accidentally touch.  This is definitely a two-hand phone.  If you like holding a phone and touching screen features with the same hand, that is impossible with this phone.A recommendation for a case.  The Trident Cyclops is a perfect compromise between gel protection and a limited increase in size.  For some reason this case will not show up on Amazon if you search "HTC One Max Cases". You have to search "HTC One Max Case Trident" to get it to appear.  What I like about the Trident Cyclops case is that it gives great protection to the corners and front of the phone against drops, it has a protective screen cover, it is easy to grip and eliminates the slipperiness of the HTC, and it doesn't increase the size of the phone the way the Otterbox cases do (example: the Otterbox Defender adds a full inch to the height and makes the phone an inch thick - impossible to put in jeans pockets).If you want a bigger phone don't hesitate to get the HTC One Max.  I really loved my old DROID RAZR MAXX HD, but the HTC One Max is a very worthy and competent replacement.

Best ever. Love the size of clarity of this phone. Easy to read screen. Fabulous display. A phone and tablet in one!

I upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy Note II and so far I'm very impressed. I didn't want to upgrade for something slightly better like the Note 3. I was actually really happy with my Note II other than the headset volume wasn't as loud at times. I heard about the HTC one Max and went to go look at it. I was really amazed and the screen quality. Its very crisp and clear in a side by side. I've only had it three days but the battery has been a lot better. I'm a very heavy user, listening to music all 8 hours of my work day. The only thing I can find that I just really didn't like right off was the virtual keyboards. I prefer the Note 2s but I will get used to it I'm sure. Everything else has been a great improvement.And the dual front speaker is great compared to what I had. Sounds much better and is louder!

I luv it. The screen is large enough I don't have to put my glasses on to see it. The price was even better on Amazon

UPDATE, Now that its been a couple months I just wanted to post a quick update and say that I am immensely satisfied with the HTC One Max. Easily my most favorite smartphone I have ever owned, and I have had a LOT of them. My wife says the same about her HTC One Max. Also, Amazon has just been spectacular to work with. We got 3 phones on a family plan and ended up exchanging 2 of them for HTC One Max's and Amazon was so spectacular to work with. They were incredibly caring and helpful and walked us through the whole process on the phone. I will absolutely not hesitate buying all future devices from Amazon as well. Amazon and HTC have really won me over.Coming to the HTC One MAX after a long history with Samsung devices including the Note 2, Gs4 and Note 3 most recently. I actually picked up 2 HTC One Max's  (One for myself, one for the wife) after experiencing very poor reception issues with two different Note 3's over a period of 3 months.I didn't think I'd ever like anything as much as the Samsung Note series but the One Max easily meets or exceeds in every aspect other than the S-Pen. I do miss the S-Pen and used it daily. I really wish HTC would have taken the time to add a stylus to this 5.9" masterpiece. Call quality, build quality, cell reception and especially UI are better on the One Max by a sizable margin.The camera on the One Max takes great pictures AFTER you manually adjust some settings. Out of the box pictures struggled next to Note 3 with the Note 3 taking better "auto" shots but after a few adjustments of the Max's exposure, contrast and saturation the pictures are comparable and the features/capabilities are more robust on the Max. The UltraPixel image sensor on the Max lets in 300% more light per pixel compared to the Note 3 making for some seriously good low light shots. The key to taking great pictures on the Max is tapping the screen to focus on the light/dark areas of the shot to compliment the picture and use the increased light sensitivity to your advantage. Like I said the pictures are a little bit more work on the One Max but they are so worth it.Front facing speakers on the Max are about 3x louder than the Note 3 AND crystal clear. Very enjoyable for media consumption and every sound has an HD clarity to it you can't get on the back/down down firing mono speaker found on other phones.Battery life is comparable to the Note 3. Nothing to report there. You should get a full day or more even for the heaviest users.SLCD. At first the Max seemed very flat compared to the Note 3 if you are accustom to AMOLED, but after using the SLCD for a few days you will start to notice that the screen is crystal clear and everything looks almost like a printed picture ,VERY SMOOTH and crystal clear. Its hard to explain the crispness of the screen with words, you really need to see it in person. I quickly noticed the AMOLED looks blown out and not as crisp on the Note 3, especially if you look closely at the pixels. For instance when viewing white pixels on a dark background the AMOLED pixels almost "flare" and I found this to be very offensive to my eyes after a few days of using the Max's SLCD. Where the SLCD really shines is outdoor use or even use with shades on. I always struggled with the AMOLED in those situations but the brightness and clarity of the SLCD blows me away every time I see it outdoors.Size. There is no doubt that the One Max is a huge device. It is noticeably bigger and heavier than the Note 3 but after a couple days I much preferred the heft and feel of the Max in my hand. After that the Note 3 feels surprisingly cheap/plasticky/light and small in the hand which I didn't think was possible. I don't have any problem using the Max with one hand for basic tasks especially if you set a swipe down gesture to expand the notification bar.Anyways after 10 days using both side by side there was no question in my mind the HTC One Max is the better device between the two. You can't really go wrong with the One Max if you are shopping for a new Phablet. The build quality, camera, and especially SenseUI are nothing short of spectacular. If you've never had a Phablet before, the size may be a bit overwhelming at first. Give it a few days and I promise  you'll never want to go back!

REALLY..HE DOES.  I got this phone for my husband when we decided to switch from ATT to Verizon...I sware he has not put it down in WEEKS and every conversation he has is about something the darn phone does or the quality of the graphics of some super fast game he has downloaded.Becasue of the large screne he can eaisly search the web and google ANY FACT SOMEONE GIVES HIM so that he can instantly disprove them..( on his old phone he NEVER googled anything), I'm sure there are a few people at his job that wish he did not have this awesome phone.  The phone is also really fast..i have not seen &#34;loading&#34; since he turned it on...internet pages load with no problem.I think the only thing missing is a stylus..and the phone is REALLY big..which is why it works for my &#34;old man&#34;.Try it...you will like it.!

Was a little iffy about buying a phone off of amazon. Especially as a Christmas present because there are so  many things that could have went wrong. Needles to say everything went really smooth and my girlfriend couldn't be happier! The HTC One max is a HUGE phone so I would recommend if anyone is going to buy this phone go to a local store and play with it first to make sure you are comfortable with the size. The only thing that stops me from buying another phone off of amazon is there non existing exchange policy.  I am a pretty picky person and with Verizon I have 14 days to exchange a phone If I don't like it. With Amazon you have no choice but to stick with the phone you bought or go through a full refund process. So if you go to the store play with it and read good reviews, I don't see why you wouldn't buy a phone for a better price on amazon. But personally for the future because of the no exchange policy I won't be buying anymore contracted phones off of amazon. But again other than that her phone works great and the whole process went really smooth and fast!

It's a really good phone. Best I've had actually. I upgraded from the note 2. The only problem is the notification light doesn't work with text messages.

I love just about everything on the phone: the clarity, the sound (Truly amazing!) and the screen size. I'm no longer straining to see the screen! Wooo Hoooo! And battery life is pretty good too!But unfortunately the one drawback is, the location of the power button... it's right where you place your hand to hold the phone! They really should have put it toward the top of the phone, on the other side of the volume button.Because of where it's located, I'm constantly turning off the screen! :(Hopefully that won't be a problem anymore when I get a case for it.All in all, this is the best phone I've had so far, and I would still highly recommend it even with the lousy location of the power button!

Shipped so fast standard. Wow. Just. Wow. This phone is bbeautifully crafted. Excellent material and hardware. Esthetically pleasing design.  UI is great. I literally have not put this thing down for more than i have to. The audio quality is superb!! Working in mobile I ALWAYS recommend this phablet or even just the HTC one standard model to those who spend a lot of drive time/social media/or are hard of hearing. The onlyyyy drag is that being so large and having that huge quad core processor I find myself charging it often. But I constantly stream media while simultaneously running apps..so that's expected. All in all5stars forLooks&#9989;Material&#9989;Usability/functionality&#9989;Features(ESPECIALLY SOUND) &#9989;....And Amazon did a great Job too ;)

Having come from a Droid DNA the only thing that kept me from getting a One was the screen size so when HTC offered me a One max to play with I knew I had found my next phone.If you have read any reviews about the HTC One then a review of the One max will read pretty much the same.One of the biggest differences is the addition of the fingerprint reader on the back below the camera. I must admit I wasn't sure if I was actually going to use it or not, but I gave it a shot and haven't removed it as my unlock method yet.The BoomSound still sounds great, if not better, thanks to the exclusion of the Beats audio. The screen is crisp and clear and paired with the front facing speakers makes for a great mini-theatre for the office.The only drawback, and I use that term loosely, is the size. If you have small hands, as a few of my friends do, you may find it a bit cumbersome to use. I have what i would consider normal size hands and i have no problems using it whatsoever.I would definitely recommend this to some who loved the idea of the One by was hoping for a larger screen.

We finally upgraded from Samsung's Galaxy Note II - one of the best early &#34;phablets&#34;.  Since we really never used the stylus that was included we figured we could go without and get a phone with a good 1080p screen, but also still had a memory card slot since we like to load up media, pictures, and video (sometimes there's still no substitute for local storage - for ex. a long international flight or even a decent long domestic w/no wifi).Though this screen is 5.9&#34; compared to the Note II's 5.3&#34; we didn't think it'd be to unwieldy since we also cross-shopped the Sony Xperia Z Ultra (we'd have switched to AT&T;).  The Xperia Z Ultra is 6.4&#34; and it really feels huge (since it's nearing 7&#34; tablet territory!).We decided to stick with Verizon and ordered these phones.The first thing you'll notice after opening the box is that the phone is quite slim for such a large phone (though the Xperia Z Ultra is thinner), and feels like a solid piece of technology.  The screen is great and the speakers (front-facing) sound great.We swapped our microSIMs (though this comes w/a microSIM installed, we didn't need it) and microSD cards and were off to the initial setup.  HTC Sense is much slicker and less cartoon-y than Samsung's Touchwiz so that was a welcome sight.  I may switch launchers but disabling the Blinkfeed and customizing my layout was enough for now.The fingerprint reader is easy to use and you can enroll 3 fingers and set a backup password in case you... lose your fingers?  =)  I know some review sites have complained about the finicky nature of the fingerprint reader, but I find it works well as long as I start my finger on the camera lens (yes, my OCD makes me clean the lens afterwards) and swipe straight down.The battery is large enough to power the big screen (with adaptive brightness) all day with a few phone calls, browsing, and even a hotspot session or two.  It's 3300mah so that's actually quite a lot compared to most normal-sized phones.The processor is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 (1.7 Ghz quad-core) which may not be the fastest (the 800 is), but it's plenty of power.  I've only had the phone for a few days, but it's been great for all tasks (multiple installs, downloads, browsing, etc.).  I'm not a huge phone gamer (I save that for the PC or PS3), but reviews are pretty positive in that regard as well.This has the same &#34;Ultrapixel&#34; camera as the HTC One - though &#34;only&#34; 4 megapixels, they are physically larger and are better than most other phone cameras in terms of low-light sensitivity.  The lower pixel count also allows for faster burst processing for action/multiple shots.  It's only been a few days, but if this doesn't live up to the hype, I'll update.  I prefer shooting using a DSLR or good mirrorless, but the best camera is the one you have on you, so I'm sure this will get some use!So far so good - great phone if you're looking for a large, high-quality screen in a sleek package.

Most people first notice how large the HTC One Max is and freak out about the size. Size of the battery, storage space, and screen size are all important factors when I'm shopping for a new phone. A tablet won't fit in my pocket, but the HTC One Max will and I enjoy watching movies or checking emails on the 5.9 inch screen with 1920 x 1080 display. It saves me from having to lug around my laptop on a quick trip and my laptop is much larger!My other phone, the S4,is only good for 4-6 hours of life before needing to be plugged into an external battery charger. The official battery stats mean very little to me, 3300 mAh embedded rechargeable Li-polymer battery, but it definitely provides superior performance.On a recent press trip I used the phone to take over 100 photos, Tweet, post to social networks, check e-mails, and make a few calls from 7 AM for 10-12 hours. I still had 17% battery life remaining by the end of the say. Note: those results are while using the HTC power case double dip flip.The camera and features like ability to make a 30 second video highlights in less than 5 minutes are one of my favorite features. Oh and no more worries about the kids losing my remote control, I can now control all of our TVs with my phone.Overall, between the excellent battery performance, feature rich handset, ability to talk clearly and be understood in loud environments, I've retired my S4 and chosen the HTC One Max as my smartphone, or lifeline!HTC sent me this phone to facilitate this review.

It's big, but manageable for someone with ample hand size. Definitely not a one handed smart phone, but I've always typed with my off hand anyways. Picture quality and screen size are amazing, in a dark room it's like watching a movie at a drive in theater (they still exist, I swear it) parked in the very back row. Sound quality is top notch and calls are crystal clear. I love it... Now if i could just find a decent phone case.*my previous phone was an HTC LTE Droid Incredible.

I started with the HTC One M7.  I loved it many times more than the Samsung Galaxy S4 that I had before.  When I saw Verizon had the HTC One Max T6 I decided to give it a try.  Great choice!  I love the phone.  The Finger print scanner works fine for me.  Everything else is pretty much the same as you get on the HTC One M7 but with a larger screen.  I choose this phone over the Samsung Galaxy Note 3.  I'm basically burned out with Samsung phones.  The Touchwiz software is too buggy for my tolerance.  I've had not issues with my HTC One or the HTC One Max.  Excellent choices for a 4G phone with Verizon Wireless.

The HTC One Max is a well built, quality Android device. HTC's version of Android is not obtrusive and provides a nice clean experience. You can set up a customized windowed type quick links home screen, or just simply remove it without any hassle. I personally prefer a simpler android experience so just a quick button click and you can get rid of almost all of HTC's personalized touches.Be aware...this phone is large. To me that is a selling feature, but if you prefer a phone that fits neatly in your pocket and is really easy to type on. It may not be for you. It took a week or so for me to get used to the size. I don't have large hands, but they aren't petite either.My only complaint is the fact that the battery cannot be replaced, but is that really a complaint? How often do you find yourself switching the battery anyways? I'll take the solid build quality over battery replaceability any day.

I got this phone today and was shocked at just how big it is but I am NOT complaining. The screen is great for watching videos on, the camera is AWESOME, and the sound quality is the best I have seen (and I used to work for a Verizon Wireless Authorized Agent so I got to play with all the phones). I have read a lot of reviews on this phone and there was one common complaint. People said the fingerprint scanner only works about 30% of the time. There is a fix for this. When attempting to unlock the scanner swipe your finger the same way and location you did when you set it up an it works 100% of the time. I'm in LOVE with this phone (just don't tell my wife).Screen 10/10Sound 10/10Feature 9/10 (could have been a little more with the camera)If you are even remotely considering getting a phablet you can't go wrong with this one.

I was a little leary after reading some negative reviews. I bought this for my wife and she and I both love it. It is a little big for me. I wouldn't like to carry it on a pocket or belt clip. She carries it in her purse and uses it like a tablet in the home. It is perfect for Tango viewing, Youtube and other video. She chats with family on Whats app with easy to read line. The size of the phone is a big pro if that is what you like. The speakers are very good and an improvement over the Samsung S III that i have.The size is also the only con. It is not ideal for me but perfect for my wife. I might take a look at the HTC One.

I was so excited about receiving this phone. I have had the same phone for three years and it was time for an upgrade. The phone got here and worked fine for a week and then the problems began. It automatically shut down every hour. It could not run apps without force closing. Eventually it quit allowing me to make phone calls. I called HTC and they ran me through rebooting etc.. That did not fix it. They suggested that I return it and get a new phone, so I did. Let me start by saying returning something on amazon is not worth the cheap price. A week and a half later I was informed that I could only receive an amazon gift card. I said that was fine because I wanted a new phone anyway. When they finally received the item I had to call in order to get my gift card because the process is far from automatic. I was excited to see it reflected on my account, because it was finally time for me to get a phone that worked. I was them informed that I had waited 15 days to send the phone back in. I had only had the phone for one week. Amazon informed me that the moment you buy your phone the clock starts ticking. I complained they could care less about their customers. I will now have to fork over a bundle of money for a used phone that I can use. Go to Verizon to buy your phone. I repeat do not buy a phone from amazon. I have been buying from amazon for 6 plus years this will be my last purchase not that they care.

Will never buy a HTC ever again. Security features on it suck. After entering your password10 times wrong the phone formats it's self but starts back up like a new one out of the box. Switch SIM card and now someone else has your phone

I&#8217;ve had the HTC One Max for Verizon for a few months now, and here is why it truly is a must have phone.A) THE DESIGN & HARDWARE: If you want a true masterpiece in design and craftsmanship, look no further. The One Max feels solid and well built. I don't have to worry about carrying this around case-less with a fear that it will get ruined. I will not be worried about this phone nicking and scraping like the iPhone. It has that coolness factor and a higher level of sophistication than any other phone out there today. Something you wouldn&#8217;t want to cover up.B) THE SCREEN: The Screen is simply put, beautiful. Everything just pops out at you. Even in direct sunlight, everything is clear and bright. This is currently the best screen on the market right now. It&#8217;s larger size allows you to watch a movie or youtube videos with ease.C) THE DUAL FRONT-FACING SPEAKERS: We have all been desensitized to the modern smartphones nowadays with their crappy, tinny, mono speaker. Finally, someone has the senses to come back to reality - thank you, HTC! Trust me, your ears will thank you and you will realize all phones should have been made like this. Especially when you use ringtones/alerts that were specifically created for this phone, the sound is loud, immersive, expansive, and POPs into your ears. It's simply a re-revolution.D) THE CAMERA: Cameras are not always about who has the most pixels. In fact in today&#8217;s market it is more of a marketing gimmick than anything else. Thankfully, HTC recognized that and decided to jump ship from the megapixel bandwagon and decided to introduce their UltraPixel camera which takes great low-light photos. The sensor is bigger than regular phone cameras, so it allows it to capture more light, and therefore better pictures when it is darker. Also, the camera focuses quickly allowing you to take pictures fast.E) The UI and software design is now very minimal and simplistic. For better or for worse, if you are used to the old Sense UI's, you will need some readjusting. Personally, I like this new one better. If you're a casual news reader, then you'll love the new default home screen called blinkfeed which displays a gathering of news sources - some of its own partners, some for your Facebook and Twitter, etc. - to form a Flipboard style of news reader.All in all, I feel the combination of the One Max's screen, design/craftsmanship, and audio experience trumps over all the others currently on the market. The One Max is by far the best in direct light. The S4 has a higher MP camera, therefore may be able to take slightly better photos in broad daylight, while the One's camera is more versatile and much better in low light conditions. The One Max has a much better audio experience than any other phone out there.Bottom line, considering the totality of things, I feel the HTC One Max provides me the best complete experience, and is the king of the smartphones right now.Full Disclosure &#8211; HTC sent me this phone to try out, but that did not affect my opinion in any way.

I had my last HTC stolen after 8 months so I had been using old phones for the last year and a half - 3G phones that had so many problems I wanted to tear my hair out.  My boyfriend got tired of hearing about it but once I had this I new it was going to be awesome.  I've only had the phone for a week but boy am I a happy camper - and of course I have full replacement coverage on this one!Pros:  The sound is nothing short of amazing - watched several YouTube music videos and it sounds like a stereo.The camera is great - I haven't messed around with it too much becuase it requests a bigger SD card whenever I hit &#34;zoe&#34;.  I only have an 8 Gig in it right now but it is upgradeable to 64 Gig so I'll be doing that in the near future.You can customize the phone in a lot of different ways, it has several screens you can set up how you like, has a screen dedicated to Amazon but I haven't set any of them up yet either except the middle screen with my own apps.The HTC Sense - oh how I have missed it - I tried for a long time to duplicate the look of my old HTC from apps and widgets found in the Play Store but no go - I am so happy to have it backThe screen size is amazing - the 1080p resolution and almost 6 inch screen combine to make this a great new phone for anyone.Just know that this phone is fabulous - you cannot go wrong especially with the price here on Amazon.  I didn't even know they sold contract phones on here until one day I was looking for a used phone to keep my unlimited data plan with Verizon and this phone popped up for half the price Verizon charges - go get it folks!My boyfriend has a 10 year old flip phone - not really into electronics much and he has now decided he wants my phone!Cons:  The size is a little hefty - my hands are not small but it can be tiring to hold if you're playing games (solitare).It makes it difficult to use in my new car dock - it fits - barely but the weight is too much and sinks down to rest on my dash.  Patiently waiting for someone to come out with a dock for this phone that is not $60 that HTC is charging for theirs.No menu button on the bottom front of the phone - just a home and back button - that's a little irritating - you have to move around and figure out how to get menu item to appear on what ever screen you are on.That's it - everything else is fabulous.  Get this phone you won't regret it!
