
Traded up from HTC EVO, the screen size is bigger with having a big, big phone.Still exploring the many features, I like the tap feature to turn on the screen, camera is great, notsure about video sharpness, and speaker loudness quality, but I'm happy with my LG G2.

fast  - never waited for anything to launchcool - never gets hotendless battery - unless you are doing something , battery stays at 100% day after day. at best,bright - screenfuzzy camera - 13 mp shots often blurry - could at best match my 5mp cam from other phone.about as big as you'd like a phone to be. any bigger would make it hard to carry around.returned phone a couple days later due to poor LTE 4G signal in house. apparantly, currently, sprint doesnt have enuff LTE 4G towers up. stuck with my 3g XPRT motorola phone.

I love it.  Took a while to get used to the controls but now I am used to it.  Screen is bigger than my previous smart phone.  Internet works great.

This phone is for the geeks out there, sleek, slim and light with a huge screen.  Absolute power-house on the inside with a ridiculous battery life.  You can use this puppy all day long and still have some juice left at the end of the day.  On an average day I plug it in at night and have 50%+ battery left.  If anyone says the buttons on the back are an issue, forget about it.  You won't even use the buttons, and when you do, it's actually a lot more natural to have them on the back of the phone.  Only issue, no SD card slot, but what the hey, looks like most of the flagship phones are going this way.  With all the cloud storage available out there and everything can automatically sync to your PC, with a 32 gig phone it's not a huge deal.  LOVE IT.

I received my G2 yesterday, and all I can say is Amazon hooked me up!  The price w/2-year upgrade was just $20, which beats the pants off of the advertised price from Sprint and elsewhere.  I honestly can't believe that they're &#34;giving&#34; such a powerful, fast, sexy smartphone for that.  If you are due for an upgrade, look no further.I originally was between the S4 and HTC One, and went into the Sprint store to play around to finalize my decision before ordering online.  I had messed around with my friend's S4, and wasn't too keen on it, but I did fall in love with the svelte looks of the HTC One and similar performance.  Mind made up, I was on my way out the door, and the G2 caught my eye.  I picked it up, and while not as aesthetically pleasing as the HTC One, the performance and specs on it blew me away.  I got home, reasearched pricing, and with a $150 difference in price, the decision to go for the G2 was a no-brainer...Much has been penned about the rear volume/power buttons, and I was pretty worried about breaking my side-bezel muscle memory in that regard.  After messing with the phone for 1 hour, it was already 2nd nature.  The ONLY drawback I see with the location is the propensity to touch the camera lens while toggling volume/power, but it's really a minor inconvenience as I'm not snapping photos with my phone every few minutes.  I love the slim profile, HUGE screen, and - oh yeah - the RECEPTION.  This thing absolutely blows my Motorola Photon out of the water on ability to get calls/data!!!  With my old phone, I couldn't get calls/data within .5 miles of my workplace parking lot; today with my G2 I can now surf (3G), text, and call all from inside the building!  I don't know what magic LG put into these phones to make them so prone to pulling in good signal, but it worked.Other than the camera lens touching issue, the only &#34;cons&#34; about this phone are the plastic body (albeit a very GOOD LOOKING plastic body) and slight static on some calls (may be a geography issue?).Lastly, my wife is now on the G2 also after having an iPhone for years (I've always been Android).  She is FLOORED and has asked me repeatedly why I ever let her get an iPhone in the first place.  After playing with the iPhone 5s, I can say with absolute certainty that the G2 with it's 4.2.2 Android eats its lunch.  Hard.

It's a great phone for those that learned on the &#34;Droid&#34; format!!!! Unfortunately I learned on the iPhone, so I've  gone back to the iPhone!!! For the price Amazon wireless offered, I HAD TO TRY IT OUT~

This is a great phone.  The specs are amazing as is the price on Amazon.  I have had some phone connection and roaming issues that I did not have with my previous phone, but I am hoping that is just because the new LTE and Spark network rollout has not been completed.

I have only had it a month, but no problems.  It updates regularly and works just as it was described!  I look forward to having this phone for a while!

The video and picture clarity are vibrant and beautiful. Some of the preloaded LG apps are even useful! The IR blaster even works for my old panasonic sound bar that no universal remote has been able to find since I bought the thing four years ago. I actually like the back power and volume buttons than the side ones on my old Galaxy 3. I have noticed that I rarely press them accidentally unlike the side buttons where I would occasionally hang up on phone conversations simply by adjusting the phone in my hand. The 5 inch screen and the phones keyboard are just the right size for me and my meat hands. It feels like the five inch form factor is large enough to easily type and view pics/video but not so large that I feel like I am using my Nexus 7 as a phone. I also saved a bunch of money and stress by ordering my phone from amazon instead of going to the sprint store paying 100 or so dollars and waiting for someone to help me activate my phone for me. I just did it all on the sprint website exactly two days after ordering on Amazon. Prime for the win!

I am one of the last holdouts who had a Blackberry, which was about 3-4 years old at the time of the change.  This new phone is much faster and can take advantage of 4G LTE.  I have experimented with a Samsung Galaxy s4 and find that this machine is a bit faster overall.  Unfortunately, it does not have a microSD slot, nor a removal SIM, so I cannot use it internationally without paying roaming charges or expand memory  However, it has outstanding battery life, and the screen is very clear and responsive.

PROS:Screen has minimal bezelFast processorGood size and weight, feels good in your hand.  Not too big, not too smallGames and videos look amazing.  Screen clarity is the best I have seenI am not a big picture guy, but when I do use the camera it takes great pictures, and the camera has a lot of cool features32GB of of internal storageCONS:Sound is not the greatest.  When I plug the phone into my AUX in the car, I have to turn the volume up all the way on the phone as well as the car radio when listening to Spotify.  I didn't buy it for sound, but it would be nice if the sound were a little better.I went from a Samsung Galaxy Nexus to this device.  I almost went with the Galaxy note, but slightly too big for me.  I have to say, the LG G2 the best device I have ever used, and I am not sorry I didn't go with the Note.  The processor is screaming, the look is sleek, and I have not had a single issue with 2 months of use.  If you are on the market for a nice-looking device, and are interested to get away from Samsung for a bit, this is the phone for you.Other than making calls, I look for a device that plays games well...meaning, the battery won't die on me, the look is nice and there is no lag.  This device fits the bill for all 3.  Battery life is great (it is an internal battery like the iphone.  It is not removable).  I don't have to search for a place to plug in after an hour of game play.  And the device doesn't heat up like some devices do when playing games for a long time.  I don't have issues where the device freezes up between apps like I did with my Galaxy.  The screen is beautiful.  There is a very small bezel around the edge, so there is a lot of screen to be seen.I spent weeks researching devices.  Prices.  Features.  Durability.  Battery life.  Screen size.  The LG G2 is a refreshing break from Samsung.  It has a nice feel to it, a great battery life, and the screen and processor can't be beat.I recommend this device highly.

Haven't even turned on the power button yet and I must say I'm impressed. Sleek design and lightweight makes it very manageable. Camera,screen,and features speak for themselves... Would highly recommend.

I was expecting a good phone and got a great one. First touchscreen phone i have had that has comparable battery life to my old blackberry.

I loved this phone while I was at work. It is super fast, great battery life, and the screen quality is awesome. But alas, when I got home with it, I COULD NOT receive a single call. We are on Sprint's periphery but had no trouble making or receiving calls with my Samsung Galaxy SII. Therefore, after a trip to the Sprint store, 1/2 hour on the phone with Sprint, 15 minutes with Amazon Wireless, the phone is going back. I loved everything else about it, but when you can't use it for the MAIN purpose, what good is it?I am now back to my Samsung Galaxy SII and afraid to try another phone and maybe get the same very bad results.If you are in an area with excellent coverage with Sprint, I'm sure you will LOVE this phone. Beware however, if you are on the periphery............FORGET ABOUT IT!

Great features and fast connectivity. I like that it automatically connect to the best connection...via 4G-lite, wireless, or 3G. The only downside is the touch sensitivity are flaw when I tap too quick it freeze momentarily, and it happens randomly (especially when you play poker with a hot hand, it freeze). It also has limited widgets. Overall, the phone is great, it's just software aren't fluid like i-phones.

I love it, so far!! Now mind you, I've only had it for a few days, but what I've done on it has been impressive!! The movement between apps is actually MUCH faster than the S3 I had. It also has a better picture/video quality than my S3, which I honestly have to say surprised me! I would recommend the G2 :)This phone has the BEAM feature - allowing you to transfer files between Android phones, just by touching them together. Great for the new phone-file transfer :).....

This phone is great, I have had it for a few months now and the only complaint I have is that it needs a case because stupidly enough this is a very slick phone and having it any way other than in your hand it will slide all over :p.

I have had me G2 for a week now. Its AWESOME. I love all the nifty features like the remote, the quick memo, and the peekaboo buttons on the lock screen. Its FAST, sleek and better than the last LG phone (Optimus S) I had by far. The only reason I knocked it down a quarter of a star was because I touch the camera lens all the time trying adjust the volume. My case has helped with that, but if you choose to go without a case, be warned. Overall, sweet sweet phone though. I am happy!

This phone rocks! I can't even use the battery in a day. Can't wait to see what LG does next.

Purchased this phone for my mom who is 65 and she loves the phone. Big difference from previous phone (Samsung G S2). Only issue was that the phone is not activated like advertised on arrival. Both LG G2's I purchased required going to Sprint store for activation. Awesome price though compared to $99 from Sprint.

please ask again the rating is to early for any comments but thus far is 5 stars for me for now

This is the best phone by far that I have purchased. It has great features and I just love it.

....not too big and not too small - very nice sized device.  I really like how the controls are set up....wish Samsung would take the hint.  Rather than the on/off and volume buttons being where they can accidentally be activated (like I do often with my Galaxy Note II), the G2 has easy to use controls that don't accidentally get pressed.  Great camera too!

Have made several calls to sprint about this matter and they claim that they are &#34;fixing the problem&#34;. Other than that the phone works fine.

Great phone, I love the screen size and the features that come along with this phone. Yes,  I would recommend to anyone.

I really enjoy my new LG G2 smartphone. It is easy to use and has a great battery life. I wuld tecommend it to anyone looking for a smartphone with a decent sized, but not too large screen.

Bought this to replace a Galaxy Nexus, which was having problems squeaking out a few solid hours of battery life, even with an extended battery. Wow is this thing fast, and battery life is spectacular. I no longer have to worry about how I use the phone for fear of it dying in a couple of hours. I have gotten quite few 30+ hour sessions with heavy use - long phone calls on speakerphone, gaming, web browsing, music and podcasts, GPS, etc. I was going to be happy if I could just get a solid 10 hours, but it has been no problem making it from early morning until bed-time on a single charge. It also charges very fast.The interface is smooth and lag-free thanks to the processor.Coming from a pure Android phone, I was a little wary of dealing with a manufacturer's skin, but the experience has been better than expected. I was using third-party apps on the Nexus to gain similar functionality to some of the LG features anyway. Other LG features I don't use aren't really intrusive and therefore easy to ignore and/or disable in settings, such as the Slide Aside. I prefer to use the recent apps list, which you need to access by long-pressing the home button.The placement of the buttons on the back are easy to adjust to, but I find that I rarely need to use them. I find myself using the Knock-on feature most of the time to wake and lock the phone. It is so intuitive once you use it, that I stupidly find myself trying to do the same on my tablet, and even a couple of times on my computer. There is a quick volume control in the notifications bar as well.The screen is excellent both in size and clarity. Even though this is a 5.2&#34; screen, the minimal bezels keep the overall size down for excellent pocketability. My only con, is the auto-brightness doesn't seem to work very well.

Great big screen, easy to use. no problems with using the phone. The apps are adequate for what I need now, and getting new apps has been very easy.

I have loved everything about this phone so far. Pictures are clear and crisp, battery life has been longer than I expected even while using multiple apps, and it was easy to set up and has been user friendly on a daily basis. CNET has the best review so I recommend checking that out before purchasing.

I am a biased Android phone user, so this review is aimed at other users who prefer Android and like to customize the software on their phones.I've been using Android since the G1 and trade up almost annually, sometimes more often. I am a heavy data user as I rarely use a computer for anything other than work. I like to stream audio from various apps while driving, I let my kids watch educational shows while driving, and I download a lot of different ROMs for testing. Because of that I've been a Sprint user for quite a while and have been happy with their service and coverage. I won't review Sprint here, but I wanted to clarify the type of user I am and why I continue to use Sprint for my Android phones.I'll start out with the obvious downside to the phone so I can get on with the fun:Cons:-No removable battery-No removable storage option (other than USB OTG, but that's not exactly &#34;mobile friendly&#34; typically)-Slick surface on the back of the phoneAnd really that's about it. The slick backside is really obvious when your hands are dry and a slightly textured/rubberized back would greatly enhance the comfort of handling this phone. The other options I knew walking into the phone so I don't have a huge ball of hate in my heart from those [essential] features missing, but I definitely notice it from time to time.Pros:+It's basically a Nexus 5 with better specs+Camera can be excellent, especially in low light+Speaker is loud and clear+Charging port and 3.5mm audio are both on the same side of the phone+Rear buttons make it easier to hand the phone to someoneOn and on and onThis was the first phone I purchased and decided to not use a screen shield nor a body protector on. After about 8 months of use I have very light-yet-barely-noticeable scratches on the face of my phone and the body looks very well kept. I have dropped the phone a handful of times, 2 of which were on asphalt and I shuttered as I picked up the phone. When I dusted it off, I couldn't even see a new scratch!The stock software is really good, but it does have limitations that can only be overcome by rooting your phone. I prefer a more stock Android feel so I almost immediately root and install Cyanogenmod on every phone I get. With this phone I kept the factory feel for about a month to give it a good whirl before installing Cyanogenmod. Shortly after installing it, it became really obvious what restrictions I had become accustomed to and within a few weeks my Mom (who had purchased the same phone at the same time) asked me to also root her phone and install Cyanogenmod. The stock software combined with the few cons above is what earned this phone 4/5 stars.One piece of hardware in this phone that I found particularly useful was the IR blaster. This turns your phone into a remote control for most IR devices. However, the blaster needed the stock software/app to function successfully so I searched and found someone who had ported the originally app to a standalone app that I could install on Cyanogenmod. Now I can use my phone as a remote control AND a plethora of other tools as well.The camera in this phone is very good, almost great, but not quite there. It takes incredible pictures, partially due to the Optical Image Stabilization, but also due to the tweaking to get it there. Out of the box it oversaturates most images and requires a little tweaking to find a setting that really looks excellent from a phone. I compare pictures from my wife's iPhone 4S and her Droid MAXX and it out-beauties both of them.The screen is beautiful AND durable. It has great resolution, the perfect size and excellent color reproduction. When I turn up the brightness all the way, the image doesn't become washed out, and when I turn the brightness all the way down, I can still see a wide range of colors and an array of grays/blacks.Overall this phone is absolutely the best I've owned so far. My sister has the Samsung S4 and my step mom has the S5 and those are the closest competitors I've found. For the money I'd still take the G2, but the S5 certainly begins to show the G2 that it is starting to show signs of aging :)  The hardware in the G2 is plenty and will allow this phone to survive for a very long time with updates, customizations, and snappiness. The large community of third party developers has helped keep this phone on the cutting edge and will help take this phone forward for many years to come.

I found this phone to be very user friendly with the standard system apps that you would have had to download on the older phones, like call blocking, keeping the screen on all the time, a full set of toggles on the swipe down screen , has a driving mode that reads caller and txt info out load so you know who's calling and txting without looking at your phone, and the quiet mode that's great to instantly turn down ringers. and ofcourse the voice functions which make it completely hands free without a Bluetooth device.The only down side I found was the fact that you cannot remove the Memory card or add additional memory.

After being with a little flip phone for the past couple of years with Cricket I was so good and ready to get something different. I was researching smartphones like crazy and went into the Sprint Store thinking about getting a Samsung Galaxy, but THIS caught my eye. After talking to the tech guy at the store, I decided to get a two year contract and take a risk with this phone. So far...I am LOVING it. Super fast with whatever you throw at it and the screen is LARGE and plays videos like a mini-HD TV. I have had no problems with the buttons being on the back of the phone to adjust the volume. The camera is good and the zoom feature is wonderful. Some people say that the sound quality is average for the phone but I think it is very clear and sharp. The only con I can think of is that from some videos I have seen about the LG G2 is that if you hold down the volume button the camera is supposed to come up. I have not been able to get that done so I have to think that feature is not on the phone. I have to say that I am very happy being in the large world of smartphones now and even happier that my first smartphone is this one.

Android definitely the way to go and LG did a great job with this phone. Love the size and the easy of use coming from a Blackberry. Many available apps. Does everything you want a mobile phone/computing device to do. LG is great quality.

I love love love this phone!! Not a single problem with it and I havent thought once of upgrading or replacing it !!! I was a Samsung customer for a long time but had a lot of problems with their phones glitching or overheating! Not this phone!! I bought the phone in March and am extremely satisfied!

I live in Columbus, OH, and they are finally starting to turn on the LTE here now that its April but I actually have worse service until they &#34;go live&#34;. The phone has been awesome though.Fits well in my pocket.I've dropped it several times with no case and it seems to be fine. A few minor scuffs is all.The camera is ridiculous. I regret buying a point-and-shoot before I got the phone.Super fast. Awesome battery life. If I take it easy, I can go two days without charge. Under heavy usage, as long as I have good cell service then I can go all day without issue.Why don't all device have &#34;knock-on&#34;??!!

I researched phones. Went back and forth between brands, types, styles, etc.  The only constant was that I wanted a black phone.  The rest was up in the air.  This went on for months.. couldn't pull the trigger and pick a phone.  That was until I decided to look on Amazon for Sprint phones.  I was okay with Sprint, but my plan was up, my phone was dying, and I was eligible for an upgrade.For me, cost was a huuuuuge factor.  Even with being eligible for an upgrade, on the Sprint site this phone was $199, and out of my price range.THANK YOU AMAZON.....I checked here and saw this phone, which I had not considered because of the price.  It was 39.99.  Really. $500 phone and 39.99 on Amazon.  (I love you Amazon.)I AM NOT A TECHIE....I read every review, and I learned a lot.  Thank you Amazon reviewers.  For the most part, the folks do their job very well in reviewing their purchases.  I received replies from a reviewer, which helped my decision.  This phone has features I never thought I would use, but now cannot live without.  I can access all 3 of my work email accounts, plus 2 personal accounts. This phone was / is very easy to figure out.. even for me.  I have a problem... I do not read instruction manuals.  I don't have the time, and I just wing it.  That said, this phone makes winging it very easy.LG DOES IT RIGHT....I like LG products.  That's personal preference.  This phone has little subtle things that make it easy to use, and fast.  Fast to me is being able to move between functions, and apps quickly.  LG does not bury apps and leave you to hunt and peck for them.  Toggling between apps is easy and fast.  AND, I LOVE the fact that while I am on a conference call I can toggle to my notepad and jot notes while I'm on the call.  Talk about time saving, user friendly, and simplified.  PDF files download FAST, and easy to read thanks to the large screen.  Same goes for MS Office products.. easy to read and fast download.  I am not 'considered' to be in a 4G area, but my phone is always in 4G mode.  If I venture out of the area, the 3G is a tad slower on downloads, but still fast enough for me.  Storage space... plenty and then some.  Again... depends on your needs obviously.PREFERENCE.....A lot of a review is personal preference.  Obviously, right?  Like I said, I am not a techie, and fortunately there are those reviewers that are, thank goodness!  For my needs.. work, emails, texting, news, reliable (!!) phone... this phone is awesome.  I am so glad I checked Amazon before buying something from Sprint.Thanks again to the reviewers who really educated me and helped me to select this phone!

Worst phone I have ever purchased, biggest mistake. Freezes all the time, reboots, screen goes black during calls and I cannot hang up. Very poor quality. I love Android phones, but this one is horrible.

I want my galaxy back. it doesn't meet it's own hype. I have trouble loosing contacts,data and missed calls.i will go back to a galaxy as soon as I can.

great smartphone with lots of great features and amazing cpu and specs also sprint finally adds the tri-mode lte support which is fast if you're in the area where there's the service but again is a great smartphone looks great amazing screen

wow!!! the best phone ever, so glad I went with it, beautiful, slick, elegant and powerful android smart phone on the planet.

This phone is a nice upgrade from my HTC shift. There's a lot of space for apps & widgets and is very convenient. Being a petite female, I do feel like the width of the phone is uncomfortably wide, but I figure I'll get used to it. The sound quality from phone calls is also a touch lower in quality as there seems to be constant static in the background when a person speaks. Overall, it's a great phone.

I do like the phone, but people say that they can barely hear me ALL the time and now I cant return because i have been just dealing with it.

I really love the phone. Its powerful and has the best camera I've had in a phone. I love it.

Compared to the S4 favorably. I have grown to like the unique button placement and Knock On feature. UI is ugly, but very functional. Device has pretty good reception in our area, which is on the border of the Sprint towers.Battery life is supirb, often taking hours to drop to 100% in standby. Moderate to heavy usage has given me about 3-4 hours screen time with plenty left at end of the day.Its a slippery device. I recommend some sort of case.This is my first LG after several (6) Samsung devices. I was nervous about it but feel I made an excellent decision to switch.Works with OTG USB MicroSD card readers as well to get a bit of expanded storage.

First, I want to state that the LG G2 is an amazing piece of kit. The hardware is slim, well built, and attractive. I'm even one of the few people that actually prefer the volume and power buttons in the back, something that I think scared off a lot of consumers (change, it's oh so scary). Second, I'm technically savvy. I know how to root, rom, and mod my kit, but I'm writing this review for the average consumer.Like I said, the LG is great kit, but the current rom's (software) issues have seriously overshadow any and all of the hardware's awesomeness. What was a functional and enjoyable device has become a consistent irritant. The issues go from general instability issues (crashing on apps & games that my single core moto triumph was even able to handle), to random overheating and battery drain, to a GPS that went from perfectly functional to useless. Finally, and most irritatingly, music playback that randomly stops multiple times in a given hour. In combination, these problems have completely removed this device as an option for some of the things I purchased it for; workout companion, driving assistant, and personal assistant. Since the last update, I've been forced to fall back to using my old car GPS, hiking gps, and mp3 player. Currently, I can't help but think the worst of LG. The fact that the previous Jelly Bean Rom was functional, combined with their utter lack of response these problems says, at best, they don't care.Till I get my hands on the next rom I'm recommend avoiding LG phones entirely (uh, excluding the Nexus 5 whose software is made and maintained by Google).

The G2 is a blessing in disguise. I was going to get a Moto X, but I could only get a free phone. So the G2 was naturally my second choice. I now realize it should've been my first.The G2 is solid in build quality and features. Samsung is notorious for their TouchWiz skin, AKA terrible, and it packs a lot of gimmicky features. The G2 only has one that I don't use, and that's QSlide. The IR blaster acting as a remote is awesome, and it's easy to configure too. The smart screen keeps the screen on when the phone detects your face, and it actually does work, unlike Samsung's. The Snapdragon 800 and 2 GB RAM provides a buttery smooth experience, and the 4.4.2 update makes me even happier.I dropped this phone on a corner from about 3 feet before I even used the thing, without a case, and there wasn't a scratch or scuff. WOW.Overall a great phone, especially for free on Sprint. Buy it before it costs money.

The LG g2 is a great phone. I would highly recommend the phone to anyone who is looking for a new phone.

Purchased as a scheduled upgrade for my EVO 4G LTE.  I have to say that this phone is more responsive, accomplishes every day tasks (installing apps) faster and longer lasting.  The LG GUI takes a little getting used to if you're moving from HTC but all in all...very happy.  Wish it had a micro SD...I get storage anxiety.

I bought this phone from Amazon a week ago for a penny and all I can say is &#34;wow&#34;.  Coming from a Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch, I figured how much of an upgrade could this phone possibly be, as I was fairly satisfied with my S2.  The reason I decided to upgrade was the price (one cent), the S2 had a cracked screen, and wanting a phone that supported not just Sprint's 4G LTE network but also their upcoming &#34;Spark&#34; tri-band LTE service.I was a bit hesitant to buy this phone due to no micro-SD card slot, no replaceable battery, and being somewhat loyal to the Samsung brand.  All those concerns faded away as soon as I powered on my G2.  This phone has a beautiful screen, it boots up in seconds (probably under 10 seconds) compared to the ~20+ of my S2, and the battery lasts almost two full days (48 hrs) with moderate use!LG was kind enough to leave the bloat to a fair minimum (it still comes Sprint Zone and LG's own app store, which seems completely unnecessary), and the 32GB of space allowed room for 12GB or so of music with plenty of room left for more.The knock-knock (double-tap on screen) to turn the screen on (and off) is an awesome feature; I used to worry I was going to wear out my S2's power button pressing it so much.  Having the volume and power buttons on the rear is kind of weird, but since I never use the power button I don't find myself pressing any of the back buttons very often.One issue I ran into on the 1st day of use was an incompatibility between the G2 and my wifi router (D-Link brand), but a firmware update for the router resolved this issue - a bit of an oddity since no other device on our wifi network has ever had any issues.In summary, this phone is the best I've ever owned, and has exceeded all my expectations.  It's super quick, has a great large screen, and a battery that seems to last forever.  There doesn't seem to be quite as much user community support for it as my S2 (custom ROMs and such), but it has been rooted and a couple custom ROMs already exist (including Cyanogenmod).  Right now Amazon's upgrade price is $50, and while not as good as a penny, the phone is well worth this price and a lot more.

This phone looks and feels great.  My main issue with smart phones was the battery life.  I've always had HTC or Samsung phones and their battery life usually sucked.  The LGG2 battery life is superior and the processing speed is fantastic. Not sure if I love the camera though because shots sometimes come out blurry but that maybe because I'm not in the correct picture taking mode, otherwise I live this phone!

This phone is incredible. I went from a Galaxy S3 to this and I thought the galaxy was fast! This is the fastest cell phone out right now, and has the best camera. I couldn't recommend this phone enough.

BUYER BEWARE.. SPRINT IS HAVING ISSUES WITH THIS PHONE. I'm now stuck on 3G coverage in my area with now response from Sprint on how they will resolve this, and this looks like there are many people having the same issue.I absolutely love everything about the phone, except the fact that I'm stuck on 3G now.  I would give this phone 5 stars if it were not for this fact.  I'm hoping Sprint fixes this.There is a thread on sprint's site[...]

My daughter and I both love this phone.  We bought them at the same time, and could not be happier after 3+ months.  Best smartphone I have ever had.  It was my daughter's first smartphone, but she loves it as much as I do.  While it is larger than many phones (the iPhone 5th gen another family member has looks small compared to this one), it is by no means a replacement for tablets.  My daughter has an iPad Mini, I have a Nexus 7 2013, and we have a laptop each.  So large phone, but we are not quite ready to get rid of tablets yet.Camera takes great pictures, and the video is good quality.  I wanted a phone that would take both good pictures and clear video (have three cute grandchildren!), be easy to use, have clear calls and be a snap to sync with Gmail, contacts, calender and other syncable apps we both use.The 32 GB gives me plenty of room for music and several of my own movies - and lots and lots of pictures.  Serfing the internet is smooth with the 2.26 GHz Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor; the 5.2 inch screen makes watching a movie a pleasure when you don't have a larger screen available, and the GPS feature works well.  I don't use Google maps much, but another app that is better for navigation becuase it is faster than Google maps are.The battery life is good, and lasts all day.  I have a charger in the car which I use as a backup when I am out and about if I need to - both the enclosed charger and the one I bought for the car, fully charges the phone in only 2 to 2.5 hours from 14% which is where it warns me to hook the phone up to a charger.Bought the phone with Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) but was quickly automatically updated to 4.4.2.  Now waiting for the next update 4.4.3 which my Nexus 7 has been updated to, but not yet the LG G2 - not sure the phone will get this update, but time will tell.Many features on this phone, and it takes a while to figure them all out, but it is well worth it.  Best smartphone I have ever had - by far.  Highly recommended.

Yes, this phone is getting &#34;long in the tooth&#34; at over 7 months old now, but this just screams. Destroys just about everything out there in benchmarks, including it's little brother, the Nexus 5. Sure, the Nexus can be used literally on any network that allows it but I think they get the lower speed bins processors of the same one the G2 uses to save cost. Honestly, I was concerned about an extra termination fee for the first 6 months to get such an amazing deal on this, but this phone is so fast and good quality I already know keeping it activated for 6 months is an absolute given. The volume on the back is great for phone calls but I still have to get used to it for everything else. Battery life is insane, it can take hours to just drop to 95% under light use. Since the battery can't be replaced, I keep it plugged in as much as possible to not use up charging cycles on it. Coming from the old Nexus LTE, I had to get used to having a manufacturer interface on top of the plain Android but it isn't a big deal since it is fun to just play with and tweak all the settings on it. For those who are willing to throw away their warranty and root it, 4k resolution and 120 FPS Super Slo Mo video recording can be unlocked on it. For those who wish to leave Sprint eventually, GSM can be unlocked but will only get the pre-LTE &#34;4G&#34; speeds of HSPA++ on Tmobile and AT&T, from what I've read.

I went through countless reviews before choosing this phone. What it boiled down to for me was price, battery life, call quality, screen size, performance and to some degree, features.I was debating between the S4, Nexus 5 and the LG G2. I've had the Epic 4G and the Epic 4G Touch (Galaxy I and II) for the pass 3 years and decided to try something new. Although there are many similarities between the S4 and the G2, battery life and raw CPU power was enough for me to switch. As for the Nexus 5, it is a cheaper version of the G2 so that's a no-brainer unless price is an issue and your buying at full price. I do miss the "finger hover" feature" from the S4 but I figured battery life was more important than that single feature.I've had the phone for a couple of days now and I love it. After turning some bloatware off, the battery life is incredible! The very first day I had it on for 8 hours straight before it ran out of juice. Today it will easily last 20+ hours with moderate use.UPDATE(3 WEEKS): I still get insane amount of battery life. A few days ago, I had 13 hours of usage with the screen on for 7 hours, a live wallpaper and I still had 9% of battery life left.A lot of reviews are dogging this phone because of the power/volume button placement on the back, but I like that feature. When I'm holding the phone to my ear, it's easier to press the volume buttons on the back than on the side. The "knock" on feature is great and I use it most of the time.The keyboard does not have Swype, but aside from that, it is the best onscreen keyboard I've used. It is qwerty with long press for symbols and numbers on the top row.EDIT: There is an option in settings for the official Swype keyboard.The screen is big (enough) and the side bezels are small so there is less wasted screen real estate. It's winter here in the Seattle area, so I haven't had the chance to test brightness out in direct sunlight but so far the screen is great and the high pixel density makes text look amazingly clear. I'm no colorphile but the IPS screen is vibrant enough for me.The speaker placement and sound leave something to be desired but they're good enough for me. Some reviews say they sound "tinny" so that is quite possibly true but I don't really care. To me it's a portable device so I'm not expecting top notch, home theater sound. If I were that bothered about it I would've bought the HTC One. When I want to seriously listen to music, I'd use headphones anyway.UPDATE(3 WEEKS): The speakers are not loud enough. I'm still looking for a good volume booster app. If you listen to music on you phone's speakers a lot, you might get frustrated with this phone.Some reviewers don't like the non-removable battery and that there is no SD expansion. Honestly, those are bummers but with 32GB of internal storage and a 3000mAH battery, that's adequate enough for me. If you are going to store Gigabytes of movies than this is not the phone for you.I wrote this review with my new G2 and I'll update this review if anything changes or I think of something life changing to mention.UPDATE (3 WEEKS): I had one instance where I experienced the "Recent Apps" (Access by holding down the home button) slow down. No matter what I tried it would still be slow. Everything else worked fine but after a restart everything has been back to normal.

I ordered this phone for my girlfriend and she loves it. I ordered myself a Samsung S4 about the same time and I think I like her LG G2 better. The delivery was fast as well.

First off I would like to address the &#34;issue&#34; of the rear mounted buttons...I LOVE THEM! I dont understand all the complaints on them! It is a bit odd at first but after a day or two...you'll ask yourself why this hasnt been adopted by everyone else yet lol Still waiting on Android 4.4 but with that aside...this phone rocks. I upgraded from a Galaxy S3 and was really wanting the Note 3. I spent the last month of my upgrade eligibility comparing them beyond need and I am more than satisfied with the LG G2. It's fast and can handle everything I throw at it. The battery life is beyond what any of the reviews state! I went 29 hours off of a 100% charge under moderate to heavy usage. And my level of &#34;moderate&#34; use would kill my S3 in 4 hours! I stream music from my Amazon Cloud account and have ALL apps/media signed in and running along with a 45 minute youtube video lol That is the only time I have gone below 50% since Ive had the phone and that one time was intentional. My only &#34;con&#34; would be the &#34;tinny&#34; sounding speakers but hey...it's a smartphone ..not a home theater system lol You wont have any regrets purchasing this phone!

I don't have any complaints about this phone.  It's fast, the screen is gorgeous, and the pre-loaded apps and widgets are well designed.  I actually convinced my girlfriend to get the same phone, albeit the Verizon version.I would highly recommend this phone.

I had the lg optimus f7.I bought this directly through sprint. Got it free. Cool.I find the knockon feature annoying... I knock and knock sometimes and it stays black. So I end up using the button on the back. I do find the interface kinda confusing.Also the phone itself just feels very fragile. Waiting for my case to arrive. Reminds me a lot of my s3 that broke the first time it fell.All that said. The screen is awesome. Its very bright very clear. It takes good pictures. I like the easy volume up and down feature.The main reason this product lost a star from me is that you cannot use the internet and be on a call at the same time. C'mon, thats pretty standard these days. My crappy little htc wildfire s could do that...3 yrs ago. LolFor the most part,a great phone.

i love this phone now that i have found the fix for its 4g problem.(as in no 4g)first make sure you have done all firmware and software updates .then remove the sim card, wright down the number, then call sprint and have them record the number you wrote down for the sim.they then will reset your phone and trigger an hands free activation after that have the sprint csr check that the sim card number recorded is identical to the one you wrote down if it matches your good to go with all that 4g goodness.if you have problems getting customer care to follow your directions take it to a real sprint store and have them record the sim card number they may laugh at you at first but after it works that will change quickly.it also had a huge battery drain before the repair because every time i got near a strong 4g lte signal the transceiver would reset the network mode it would go from no signal (red x) to cdma 3g 4g and reset then the process would start over.now my phone is very fast and responsive i live in an area that has hardly no sprint coverage and my daughter cant make a call with her new s5 when inside my home , but i can even tho the phone shows no signal bars. go figure?hope this helped because the phone is phenomenal when its working correctly.

I have the LG G2 and cant say anything bad about the phone.  I believe this is one the most underestimated phones available today. Superb speed, screen size and clarity. I have had Samsung, HTC and now LG.  I will continue to use LG as long as the product(s) are compareable with this unit.

We purchased this phone based on great reviews. Wanted to do something a little different from iphone or Galaxy. This phone was lightening quick. Loved the interface. Screen and sound were amazing. HOWEVER, after about 60 days the microphone started cutting out. Eventually the only way to use the phone was with a headset. I sent this phone in to LG for a warranty repair. To my absolute shock, I was told that the technicians found a &#34;bent, chewed or mangled&#34; motherboard and denied warranty on it. WHAT?!!! The phone looked brand new, no damage to it whatsoever. I called LG and asked to speak to a tech. Nope, they don't take phone calls. I asked the service rep if they could explain how this could possibly be? Nope, can't explain it, it's just what the tech found. I was told that once a tech makes that determination, it's a closed case. I have insurance on the phone but it's not right that I take the deductible hit and the insurance company takes the rest. We will NEVER PURCHASE AN LG PHONE AGAIN. I even wrote a letter and never received a response from LG.  Back to Samsung we go. BEWARE!!!

Bought the LG G2 after thanksgiving, could not believe the offer, decided to try it.  So happy, the phone works great, is so fast and has many great features.  Love how light it is too.  Would recommend this phone to anyone.  Great buy!!!

I cannot recommend this phone enough whether this is the first smartphone you have or you are looking for an upgrade from your older one!

The LG G2 has been called innovative.It has won design awards.However, it has failed to become a mainstream phone.I did a review 2 months ago comparing the HTC One and the LG G2. In this review I went over the basic differences between both phones. I didn't give a conclusion because I had the phone for two weeks and I had not customized it the way I wanted. This included rooting the phone and doing several tweaks.I will note the stock and tweaked versions of the review.Screen:Well, I'm two months in with the phone and this will be a full on review of the device. The first thing you'll notice about this phone is the 5.2 inch screen. It is a full HD 1080p IPS display with 423 ppi resolution. This is housed in a 5.45 x 2.79 x 0.35 frame. The G2 is one of the thinnest if not the thinnest bezel smartphone in the market. This makes the screen look rather large compared to same sized phones with larger bezels.The colors of the screen are overly saturated. This is something that has become common practice. It makes images pop and also makes images brighter and the cost of losing real life image quality. In no way is this phone supposed to replace a tablet or E-Reader, but as a commute reader, it will be more than adequate.The screen is also part of a new technology called Graphic RAM (GRAM), which caches an image when the screen is static. This means when the screen is not being refreshed on a new image, the CPU and GPU do not have to be used. This can enhance battery life, according to LG.Pros:1. Amazing screen to bezel dimensions.2. Good viewing angles.3. Good under sunlightCons:1. Over Saturated colorsBattery:The phone's non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery is one of the main reasons I switched from the HTC One. I often go out of my provider's reach. This causes the phone to search for a signal and drain the battery rather fast. Not only that, but I also leave the GPS, data sync (GMail, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, tumblr, LinkedIn, Google Offers, TuneInRadio, DropBox, Box, Google+) on, while using the MP3 player.On a regular 6 hour outing with reception coming in and out, using the camera,editing photos, uploading stuff to social media and listening to music, I would drain the battery about 40%. So the phone still has 60% of battery life left.Battery Tweaked:After rooting the phone I used a couple of ROMs and MODs.Currently, I am using furnace-0.0.7 kernel. This kernel has different optimizations which include tweaks to the voltages, CPU overclocking, fast charge, and battery extender among the many.While using all of the software above, I have managed to drain the battery 30% in 13 hours. Leaving the phone with 70% battery life.Pros:1. 3,000 mAh2. Need I say more?Cons:1. Not removable. Then again, you won't need to.Camera:No camera is perfect. In fact, all cameras have a compromise. This is especially true when it comes to mobile phones.The bad:The OIS on the 13-megapixel camera is not this good. In fact, the camera has had several issues. First of, the camera depends too much on software stabilization and denoising, it then uses the two-axis optical image stabilization and multi-point auto-focus to help produce a stable picture.Here is where the problem lies. Rather than using the hardware stabilization more and then the software, the pictures at times come out as if they were painted. This is more evident in night time photos. The over processing and software stabilization makes the pictures come out oddly Van Gogh-esque, which is not a compliment.Modes:The phone's software is very much like Samsung's Galaxy line. Click on Mode and it will give you a graphic example of what it does and an accompanied text explaining it.The best mode for daylight photos is Intelligent Auto (IA). However, for some reason, LG made the software default to normal.Now my questions is, if you taut IA as being a great feature and the best of all the camera settings, why not make it the default mode?Another issue with the way the camera software is that it doesn't keep the previous mode selected.For example, I'm at a sporting event and choose the Sports camera mode. I take a shot and go back to my home screen. If I want to take another photo, I have to go to Mode again because it goes back to Normal as default mode.Night mode and image stabilization are a problem on this phone. As stated above, since the phone depends on denoising software and stabilization first, and then the physical OIS, it softens the photos to a degree where it looks drawn.Click on the photos below to enlarge.Focus: Not for the rapid photographerOne thing you'll notice is that the focus on this takes a while.  If you try to hurry the shot you will get something like this.This is just unacceptable performance from a high end phone's camera.However, don't let this discourage you.The Good:The rear volume - acts as a camera activator when the phone is on standby, it also lets your capture a photo once the camera app is up and running. I found this useful for taking candid shots.Multi-point Auto-focusThis is something I wish more companies would use. By letting the camera have multi-focal points you get a cleaner picture. And yes, some companies have used the multi-face tracker, but not on random objects.DaylightWhen there is a good amount of daylight, this camera is amazing. The shots are clean and clear. The colors are very accurate. It doesn't help that the screen also accents those opaque colors at times. Depending on the scenery, I usually pick between Dynamic Tone Range (HDR) or IA. The only time I pick Normal is when I don't have time for the menu.Either way, here are some shots: I use the Wide Angle setting which is 10 mega-pixels.Since you get 13 mega-pixels (10 for Wide Angle) you get a lot of details per shot. This enables you to crop and edit a photo without much loss of definition. It also allows details in depth.Camera Pros:1. 13 mega-pixels2. Quality under good lighting3. Intelligent Auto setting4. Volume (-) camera launcher and shutter.Camera Negative:1. Low light capture quality2.  Focus set time3. Camera UI's lack of keeping the last Mode setting.Tweaked Camera:I've been using Xdabbeb's Camera Mod. This mod enhances focus times, night time shooting quality, overall image quality, it adds 1600 ISO and it lets hardware stabilization become eminent in the process. For information click on the link.Video:The version of the phone I have only has two noise cancelling microphones, which is ok, but could be better with three. Since the third microphone would have been in the back of the phone and capturing the audio from the front.The video above will go over the different video features.It's pretty neat that the camera is able to support 60 frames per second in daylight and well lit areas. This gives the recording a more realistic view and flow.This setting will only be available on 1080p.I wish they would have set it for 720p and lesser quality videos.By recording in 1080p 60 fps you will soon realize that the files are rather large. So be careful when filming videos that you do not fill the phone's drive.Asides from that, I noticed the video quality to be quite good. You get Normal, HDR Recording, Live Effect (which makes you have funny faces), Dual Recording (use both front and rear cameras in one shot) and Tracking Zoom, which is explained in the video.The Negative:The video camera lacks a clear focus. In some phones you are able to click on the screen and get a visual mark of where the video is trying to focus. Sadly, this phone doesn't have that. I've noticed that when I zoom in to an object at a distance, the video will quickly lose focus and become useless. This is something I wish they would fix.There's no slow motion.Tweaked:By using the same Xdabbeb's mod, we get more options in the settings menu. We are able to use 60fps in 720p videos. We also get better focus times and anti-shaking. This is on top of the OIS.Pros:1. Good Quality Video2. 1080p 60fpsCons:1. Lack of focus notification2. Digital Zoom and the lack of focus speed.Camera Overview:The camera's quality and details are great. It's a really good 13 mega-pixel camera if you are going to shoot landscapes, have the camera conveniently set up to take a shot, or are taking regular pics.The major problem I have with this camera are the focus times. They are horrible. That, and the optimized image stabilization algorithm. I mean seriously... if you have the hardware, depend on that rather than the software which is making most low-light photos come out as if they were oil painting.Audio:Phone now days have become more than just phones. They have become point-and-shoot cameras and mp3 players. This phone is able to playback MP3/WAV/FLAC/eAAC+/AC3/WMA files. They make a point in their presentation to mention this is the first smartphone on the market to feature 24-bit/192kHz hi-res audio playback.At that definition the sound is quite good. Especially if you have a good pair of headphones /earphones.The only drawback to this is that a regular track can be more than 100mb. The average person has about 3 hours worth of music on their phone. That would be a total of about 8GB-10GB.Calculations based on this scale.Storage:This is a perfect entry into storage. The US version of the G2 has a fixed 32GB hard drive. The drive on this phone is actually quite fast and sufficient for most.However, there is no expandable slot. This leads to the issue of why are you going to have a hi-res player when the hard drive space is limited? After all is said and done you get about 24GB of HD space. You add apps and cache storage and that's about 22-20GB left.CPU and RAM:The phone has a 2.26 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon&#8482; 800 Quad-Core Processor, which is the latest on the market. It also has 2GB of RAM. This is enough to power any top of the line phone and tablet.Buttons:Having the Volume +, Power On/Off , Volume - on the back of the phone has yet to be a negative. When I use my mobile phone, I usually have my index finger next to the camera lens. I realize it has taken some getting used to, but I like it.Features:KnockOn:The major software feature this phone has is the KnockOn feature. Tap the screen twice with your finger and it wakes up the phone from standby. It's a feature I use quite frequently when I have the phone on my car dock or bike dock.QSlide:This feature lets you use defined apps on top of your current screen. It's a feature I really have not used.QuickRemote:I found LG&#8217;s Quick Remote software to quite complete and easy to navigate. However, the IR Blaster is quite small and you have to point the phone directly into the TV.Final Impressions:The phone feels the same as a Samsung Galaxy S3/S4. It is made out of plastic and nothing on the phone is removable. Since the phone is mostly screen, I would recommend getting a case for it. If it falls chances are the screen will shatter. The G2 I possess has a silicon case that adds a bit of heft to it. This makes the phone feel sturdy on my hands. Also, choose the white version. The black version of this phone is a fingerprint magnet. Plus, the white phone looks nicer in my opinion.Do I like the phone?Yes, I do. The phone has many advantages: battery, screen, audio, and image quality.The two main negatives are the lack of  expanding storage and the camera quirks.If you set your phone to create and use high quality media, you have to allow the capacity for it. It would have been easy to allow for a microSD slot like in the Asian markets.The camera suite leaves a bit to be deserved. In my opinion the HTC One has the best camera suite. The Zoe feature is amazing and something Android mobile manufacturers should imitate. Having said that, the image quality on this phone is amazing. I actually could go out and say it is in the top two in most Android categories.Overall, I would recommend this phone and give it an 8.5 out of 10.Pictures taken with the phone and edited with VSCO CAM or SnapSeed, Or PicSay Pro, or Pixrl-o-MaticFor photo samples go to my site robfactory . come

would have been five stars but the rear buttons are still a bit clumsy after about two months of full time use and there are some odd &#34;features.&#34;  When listening to music via headphone jack, the phone will occasionally turns down the volume (cuts in half) and put a message on the screen about listening to headphones at a high volume is bad for your hearing.  Its annoying, especially when you're connected to a PA system trying to use it to play background music in between soloists at a recital, or their accompaniment for that matter.(besides I don't really like the idea of my computers randomly enforcing health and safely rules that can't be turned off)

Let me start by saying I've dealt with Sprint for 2 horrible years. I'm on a family plan, so I stuck it out, and held off upgrading out of consideration to the Sprint Spark announcement. I saw the G2 on black friday for free and upgraded because I thought it might just be an old phone causing my terrible service, boy was I wrong.The actual phone on the other hand, is flawless. The battery is massive, I can play the Drastic emulator for 7 straight hours on 70% screen brightness and still have 20% battery life left. The double tap screen feature completely eliminated the power button for me, and is far more convenient in my opinion, I just tap the screen and it's on. It runs games and dozens of bloatware with no lag at all, I even rooted it and uninstalled most of said bloatware. It features a massive 2 gigs of RAM, and when you add in the amazing processor nothing stops this behemoth...Except Sprint,This phone is absolutely crippled by the service, I can't make calls or get internet service over wireless frequently, and the actual calls get very staticky during random periods of  the day. On wireless on the other hand, it is still a monster. It gets wifi signals over twice as far away from an access point as my nexus 7 2013. The audio is great, the design is interesting, the camera photos are crystal clear. All in all, my biggest pet peeve is the volume buttons for music, which I fixed with a widget on the homescreen. Also, the Siri wannabe &#34;Genie&#34; is far too crippled currently, and has a good number of bugs in recognition.So overall, amazing phone, but get it from a different carrier. I've even heard the verizon model even supports wireless charging.NOTE: If Sprint Spark actually fixes this, I will change this review.

text keyboard can be improved.saving attached images and or forwarding them is a bit challengingAudio quality is not the best. People are having difficulties hearing me on the phone,I also get buzzing noises at receiving end  from time to time.The antenna is not strong enough. while I get 2-3 bars with my other phone at the same spot with the same carrier, with LG, I get none.

Love this phone and the shipping was very fast. My husband thinks it is better than the Samsung phones. Get this phone if you are an LG lover.

Nice phone. I purchased this phone for my son and he's happy with it. My son being happy with the phone speaks volumes as to its quality. We'll see if it holds for the long run.

I bought this phone to replace my original upgrade, a Nexus 5, which I was not happy with (disappointing battery life, call-performance issues, unexplained self-reboot). The G2 is very similar, also made by LG, but with 30% more battery capacity (3Ah vs 2.3Ah), so it was a natural choice. I couldn't be happier with the decision, as the G2 has every bit the beauty and performance of the N5, but a significantly longer battery life. In fact, my impression is that the difference is more than the relative difference in battery capacities, so I suspect that there might be some clever power-saving software techniques at work in the G2 that are not in the N5. I could certainly go on and on about the gorgeous screen, very fast performance, surprisingly convenient "knock-on" feature, etc. etc., but you'll probably already have read all of that from other reviews. I can't give an opinion on the placement of the power and volume buttons on the rear as I haven't had the phone long enough to really adapt to that feature, but I don't really see it as a problem. In short, I'm certain there is simply no better value in a contract phone on Sprint than the G2.I'm writing this review primarily to describe one very annoying issue that I had with the phone initially, namely poor call-audio quality, with frequent pops, static, distortion, drop-outs, etc. Since this phone is so new to the Sprint network, I figured it was most likely a software issue, and sure enough there is a discussion thread on the Sprint Community forum about it, including a post that identifies the EVRC_B codec as the culprit and provides a procedure for disabling it. Once I did that, the problem disappeared, so I'll include the procedure here in case others have the same problem. I'm sure LG and/or Sprint will eliminate it soon enough with a software update, but until then this fix certainly works well enough for me.Here's the procedure:Bring up the phone Dial PadEnter ##443336772# and capture the 6-digit SPC code that's displayed for 3 seconds or so, which you will need to enter in a subsequent step. (This is also known as the MSL code.)Enter ##3282# to access a "Data" menuTap "More" at the bottom of the menu.Tap "Advanced" and then "Edit", at which point you will be asked to enter a Service Code. Enter the 6-digit SPC code captured previously to get another menu,.Tap EVRC_B and set the option to DisableTap the Back key, at which point the phone will reboot with the EVRC_B disabled, and the problem should be solved.

Great screen and great battery life.The buttons on the back take a little getting used to, but aren't bad. Tap to wake is a great feature. Great phone for anyone.

I am enjoying my phone but the one thing I REALLY HATE is the when I am typing a text message I sometimes hit the space bar key accidentally which is directly below the &#34;active&#34; home key... so if I am not real careful, I will hit the home key instead of the space bar key and it will take me out of my text message!!! The only saving grace is when I go back into the text message thread, my draft is still there.  And while I do know there is a way I can change the position of the home key with the other two navigation keys, the fact still remains that they the other navigation key(s) are still ACTIVE and will still take me out of text message if I hit it accidentally due to the proximity to the texting space bar key.

At first I was a little concerned about buying the phone because I have always had Samsung Galaxy phones, but it has turned out to be a great experience. The battery life is exceptional and the knock-on feature is very handy. I would have given it 5 stars, but it does seem that sometimes the software defaults back to a previous setting? - not sure. The phones performance is very smooth and I enjoy using it. The back is very slick so I would highly recommend a phone case. I have experienced very sporadic lagging. I am considering also getting one for my wife or maybe just wait for the G Flex. LG has a new fan!

Great phone. Long lasting battery life, nice big screen. Great software. One of the best phones I have ever owned.

I love my phone,  I am pretty sure it has more options than the Galaxy and I phone. The battery is substancially larger also, Its memory is great. I do wish the battery was replacable though. Graphics are great, battery life is great. Great for email. Camera is also very nice, For the money, great phone! The back button takes some getting use to. This phone paired with my Ballistic case is a great combo. I think someone mentioned previously, I would buy from Amazon or even Best Buy. You will save a ton of money.

I have had this phone since the day before Thanksgiving and have found nothing not to love about it. Upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy 2 Epic 4G which was a nice phone, this is a considerable step up. Chose between this phone and the Samsung 4G and the HTC 1. Spent a lot of time reading reviews and chose this one and have found no reason that I did not make the right choice. I'm not a big phone user on a daily basis. A few calls, texts, mail, and weather checks is what I need and the battery works days for me. The screen is bright enough for me at 60 %. Volume  could be louder at high setting but fine for my ears. Phone is amazingly fast in all aspects. The big deal is no buttons as the toggle is on the back of the phone. A bit of a learning curve for this but I don't miss having the buttons at all. Great camera to boot!

Love how fast the phone is, the only problem with the phone is LG's call quality. Everything else about the phone is great.

Got the white one for my girlfriend and the black for myself.  Top android at this time, TOP OF THE LINE SPECS!

This phone offers great performance and a nice user interface.  It is quite light, so it won't weigh you down.  And you can't beat the price!

Fast and great battery life. Still learning all that it can do! Black Friday purchase for $0.01, best deal I've found in a long time.

My first phone that isn't a slide out . I like it easy to use. nice picture, very clear. love it.

Sprint had a hard time activating my g2's that i ordered Which i ordered (3 of them)  2 of my phones updated to the new spark network mine didn't! It drops data but picks right back up,which is very annoying! And most of all it works off 3g unless your phone updated! The phones are cool but & i like lg's concept but galaxy s4 & s5 probably are better. Oh yeah i almost forgot i cannot talk on the phone & surf web at same time like i could with my galaxy s3 so ima need them to fix that! It's not the worst though to each its own

I bought it based on the reviews.  I'd like to warn future buyers that this phone has a major drawback: battery drains too fast and recharging takes too long, about 20% per hour.  So you are looking at 5 hours for a full charge.  What makes it even worse is my other micro USB chargers can only maintain the current charge or slow down the drain of the battery.  If you are a heavy user and don't have the convenience of charging it any time you take the risk of carrying a dead phone before the end of your day.

I compared phones for month. I was down to the HTC One and this phone as my final options. After holding them in Sprint, I ultimately chose this phone because of how fast it responded and how nice the picture quality was. I have had a few voice distortion issues but were fixed with a few setting changes. I have had no issues at all with this phone and have had it since February 3rd. Battery life is the best that I have ever had in a smart phone. I usually only charge it once every other day with moderate use. Maybe  after 1.5 days if I use it more.

This was a gift for my son and he is very demanding on phones so to see him happy is kudos to this phone. The volume button on back doesn't bother him like a number of others complained about. Loves the camera and sound.

this is a great phone with a battery that actually lasts!  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking to upgrade.

Bought this to replace my Samsung Galaxy S2. Was debating between the Galaxy S4 and the LG G2. Glad I chose this one! It's very lightweight, has a nice big screen, good camera, and can be used as a universal remote. And you can't beat the amazon price!

Beautiful screen, great battery life. My Galaxy S2 would be dead by lunch, this phone still has 50% at 10pm. Easy to adjust the OS to my liking. Great phone, works lots better than my Samsung.

The delivery service from Amazon was great! I purchased this phone for my wife and I and we really love it! Since, we are coming from BB (BlackBerry) phones, which is the difference between apples and oranges. This cell has speed, looks, and all the bells and whistles one would need&#8230;

I got this phone when it was brand new back in December of last year. It was a beast then, and with the new kitkat update, its even more amazing. Kitkat is one of the few software updates that actually help an android device run faster. It makes the LG G2 an absolute monster of a phone.I bought this phone coming from an iPhone 4, a really terrible and slow phone in retrospect. I watched the LG G2 Korean presentation and decided that this phone would be perfect for me.My favorite features with this phone are the blazingly fast speed, Knock on, the awesome voice assistant, the absolutely incredible camera (like seriously the best I've ever seen), optical image stabilization, powerful and long lasting battery, and HD audio and 60 fps video. The buttons that lie on the back of the phone are truly a better idea. You can more easily change the volume when the phone lies in your pocket, for example. After a while of using, you get used to it. You will be annoyed that other phones that you try do not have this feature.There are some pretty serious concerns that I have with with this phone though. I've had a pretty unnerving problem with the audio jack. I had gotten home from work and one of my headphones wasn't working. This may not seem like that big of a deal, but the reason it was unnerving was because the problem persisted even after I got a new pair. I restarted my phone, blew into my audio jack, cleansed it out with alcohol and a cotton swab, and waited for it to dry out. It worked after it dried out, but that's not the first time that my audio jack had had problems. It had a problem where the headphones wouldn't &#34;lock&#34; in when you pushed it in all of the way. With some reassembly of the back plate that was fixed. Other then hat, it is a very stable and we'll built product. There are some other strange software issues, but all of those can be fixed by installing an alternate software such as cyanogenmod.Other than that, this is the best phone I've ever owned. I've had many high end smartphones and many LG phones,  but this phone blows every other phone out of the water. Truly a must have.

This is one awesome phone! it has met all my expectations and more! Super fast and great battery life!

Very happy with the LG G2.  Honestly the only issue I had was no microSD card, since I had a 64gb one on my Note 2.  Other than that, one of the best phones on the market right now.

Haven't had any complaints except that the camera takes a long time to take a photo. Other than that it's a great phone.

I love this phone. Fortunately for me I am in a Sprint Spark market and in January will be getting the update to my phone to enable it since it is a triband phone and expect to get crazy speeds on it. I am currently pulling an average of 20 Mbps down and 8 Mbps down on LTE in Los Angeles. It does have its negatives like no Microsd card and no replaceable battery but I mostly use the cloud to stream and save files. The internal battery is the best of any phone I have ever had as it last 2 days with moderate use and a whole day with heavy use. Highly recommended.

the speed is more better than the galaxy s3 (miami, fl), look and quality of this phone is great. it was worth the upgrade.

After using the G2 for 6 months I realized that I'm completely satisfied with the phone. I know this because I haven't been keeping up with what's happening with the latest Samsung or Apple phone.Finally the smartphone has reached maturity. I love the screen size, the battery life, the knock feature, good camera, and not a ton of bloatware or annoying updates that ruin functionality. Well done LG.

I've owned this phone for a couple of days now, and after using it, I do &#34;feel&#34; my upgrade was justified. My previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy SII (Android 4.0.4 - Lastest update). The SGS2 was a great phone the whole two years I had it. I was due for an upgrade and saw the deal on Amazon for $19.99 and figured I couldn't beat that deal for such a &#34;fancy schmancy&#34; phone.Although the LG G2 was priced at $19.99, I ended up paying around $100 after everything was said and done. What some may not know is that the state taxes the consumer on the price of the phone. So say the LG G2 cost 599.99 (no contract), you would have to pay 8-10% of the 599.99 as tax (depending on your location) regardless if the phone was sold $19.99. Meaning the cost would be $19.99 (phone) + 59.99 (10% estimated tax) + $36.00 (activation fee) = !?!?!!Now after finding that all out, you might end up spending more than $19.99. There is a lot of little fine print that you should read and inquire about before pulling the trigger on this purchase. Make sure you have all your questions answered.I was choosing between the Samsung Note 3, Samsung Galaxy S4, Nexus 5 and the LG G2. The Samsung Note 3 had everything I wanted. S-pen, removal battery, software,hardware features were great. However, in my opinion the phone is just slightly too large for my preference. Furthermore, the persistent problems with call quality that users have been complaining about is a minus as it is a phone first, w/ bells and whistles second. Now I understand call quality can be disrupted depending on the variables, but still the cries of those consumers still send up a &#34;red flag&#34; on that choice. Also, hearing their experience with sprint about replacements, the hassle to go through it myself just isn't worth the risk. Like most, some have good experiences and others have bad experiences. I just want a clean and easy transition from one device to another.As for the SGS4, coming from a S2 I was ready to try something different, but I knew if the S4 was anything like the quality of my S2, it would be a solid phone choice upgrade. However, the cosmetic design of the Galaxy S series after the S2 has not caught my eye. I do not know why Samsung chose to use a physical home button instead of a flat capacitive touch buttons like the S2. Either way, it was my last option if the other phones didn't stack up to what I wanted.The Nexus 5 and the LG G2 are essentially the same phone. Both phones are made by LG and have nearly identical parts with a few exceptions. Also both have non-removable batteries. The differences that were important to me was screen size (4.9 vs 5.2), battery life (2300mAh vs 3000mAh, features, and feel. The Nexus 5 was great and Kitkat 4.4 was a smooth experience, but felt I wanted a little more screen. Since LG G2 will get a KitKat 4.4 update as well, the G2 was a clear choice for me between the two. LG decided to go with a rear volume and power buttons, I thought that was &#34;different&#34; and was curious about how it would feel in the hand.My experience with the LG G2 has been great. The phone feels great in the hand. The rear buttons feel very comfortable and natural when held. The rear buttons do not feel awkwardly placed, and I don't accidentally hit them when holding the phone from the sides like traditional button placement for cell phones. When holding the phone, I tend to let my pinky finger and index finger hold most of the weight, supported by the two mid fingers. I often found my pinky finger becoming tingly or uncomfortable when holding the phone for a mild (5-10mins) constant period of time. A quick adjustment of the phone and I'm right as rain. I know that the way I hold my phone is probably the cause of this, but coming from a &#34;traditional&#34; to &#34;non-traditional&#34; will take some adjustment.The speakers sound quality is average at best. I personally don't know anyone that listens to a stock speaker on any device these day. Most have headphones or an external bluetooth speakers like the Pill or Jawbone for their devices. Coming from a speaker phone perspective, the phone was what you would expect from a small speaker. I could hear the person speaking but as volume was maximized, the sounds became muddy (like you would expect from a small speaker). The front ear speaker worked well, and sounded clear depending on cell reception.The screen is bright and clear. Even with the shipping plastic still on the phone, I was able to see the screen clearly. I don't have relatively large hands. I wear a medium or large in most gloves. I found myself having trouble reaching across to the top left corner in certain instances of using the phone. However, this wasn't much of a problem as I expected the larger screen to have this inconvenience. The phone was very snappy and responsive as you would expect given the hardware.The applications that came stock on this phone surprised me. I'm used to bloatware from sprint, third-party devs and more. I was happy to see (at a glance) that there was not much added. Being that the phone has no slot for using an external micro SD, disk space is very precious. There are a few nice apps that Im sure the average user will find useful. The best thing about this phone is that there is a TON of customization options without the need to purchase another launcher. Less apps I have to install to get a unique experience, the better!The camera is one of my favorite features on this phone. Coming from an Android 4.0.4 camera, to the 4.2.2 camera was a welcomed upgrade/update. In my opinion, there is almost no need to purchase a point-and-shoot camera or cheap video camera anymore. The picture quality of both video and photos were good enough to replace both for moderate use. What is more important, I took video and pictures in low light and they were good. Better than I expected. The audio picked up by the microphone was good. The optical image stabilization (OiS) + burst mode will help you catch those precious moments you've missed. My S2 had to focus, then beep to let you know it focused, then click, or sometimes you had to press it again for it to take a photo. I've missed a lot of moments because of that slow camera. Not anymore with this camera. I can't wait to see what other videos/photos I can take with it. Another plus is that you can take pictures while recording video.The last feature I wanted to touch on but definitely by far the most useful but probably overlooked is the &#34;knock-knock&#34; feature. You simply tap twice on the screen and the phone screen will come on. I absolutely love this feature. I have had troubles in the past of buttons going out in my phones. Now I don't worry about that so much. All my control is done on screen unless powering on/off. Most people use their power button to wake the phone from sleep, after a while the button wears from use. Some may run into this problem, others may not. I have and it sucked.The LG G2 is a solid phone for the average user who wants to get a little more screen size without using two hands. The battery life, features, and design compliment each other well. It seems to me the big selling point of this phone is the customization. If that is what is most important to you, you can't go wrong with the LG G2. All the other hardware seems standard for most competing high-end phones (processor, ram, camera...etc). Like with any phone mentioned here, If the price is right for you, I'd say pull the trigger on the purchase they are all good phones. The LG G2 for me seemed to be the best phone for everything I wanted.

Let me start off by saying this phone is great. But why give it one star if you're saying its great you might ask? I'll start with the good. Everything....everything about this phone is excellent. The screen, the interface, the features (knock on is something I'm going to miss). The volume and power button moved to the back really wasent that big of an issue, I got used to the location really quick.You can read lots of reviews about the phone being great on here, but now for the one negative that has caused me to get one replacement and made the decision to just completely return it and wait for the Galaxy S5. The Reception is AWFUL. Plain and simple. Do a quick google search and you will find lots of threads and posts across the internet of &#34;phone nerds&#34; like myself sharing their experiences with this issue. I read one story of someone having 3 phones before giving up on this. I have spoken to sprint twice now and gotten different responses both times. They are even sending me an Air Rave to try and correct the problem. Well the air rave only boosts your signal at home not everywhere. So what the issue exactly is, is that under anything but full bars for service I get severe digital distortion that makes calls practically inaudible. Also, even worse with both phones now EVERY SINGLE CALL IVE RECEIVED has gone straight to voice mail due to poor reception. And this is NOT a sprint problem in my area because I upgraded from an HTC EVO 4G LTE (which wasent that &#34;great&#34; of a phone to begin with) and i never once experienced calls going straight to voice mail or extreme levels of distortion in my daily calling area in the almost two years ive had it. It comes down to a bad design IMO where unless you have stellar service you might be plagued with this issue. I love this phone, i really do. But the call clarity is the deal-breaker for me.

Lush, huge  screen is fantastic. I go two days between charges. And even though it is in Phablet territory, it goes in and out of all my pants pockets with ease and is VERY comfortable when put to the ear while on a call.The quad core processor zips through everything. Downloading a song takes a couple three seconds. Cruising the web, booting apps and playing music happen lickety split. And booting up the phone hardly takes 10 seconds.The power and volume keys at the back of the phone work well and there's no drawback to laying the phone down. It doesn't turn on/off via the button unless you want it too.The only flaw I've come across so far is in waking up the phone and putting it to sleep. You're supposed to rap the screen twice to do either. Except the phone doesn't always respond, making you rap repeatedly and in frustration.Otherwise the camera, the call quality, and the phone's entire package is proving to be a phone worth spending time with.

I got this phone for my wife when her HTC Evo 4G LTE started acting up.  I loved the specs and the price.  She seemed happy with it so I got one for my dad and one for myself too.  I've had it for a little over a month now.Top Pros:Battery LifeKnock OnSpeed/ResponsivenessCons:Not super popular, so harder to find cases and accessories than the more popular models.Plastic

This phone is one of the greatest phones in the G series line up. I've had mine for About three days and the 3000 MAH battery is by far the greatest battery around. The screen is crystal clear, the processor chip takes care of itself with optimizing its space by clearing its own cachie it is using. I came from Apple and I still like apple... but this LG is by far the greatest phone out.

I bought this back in early December because it was the latest phone (even better than Galaxy S4 in term of specs).  When I received the phone it was better than I expected.  It was beautifully designed back to front, light, thin, screen size is big enough, the screen glass is scratch proof, resolution is so sharp that I can't stop staring at it.  The power and volume buttons at the back didn't bother me as I thought it would.  The double tab to turn screen on/off is so convenience.Some of the draw backs and can be better is the volume, is not as loud as I would like and the vibration is not as strong as it should be.  At work I normally would set the phone to vibrate and 99% of the time I can't hear or feel the vibration.The worst of it is the Sprint network, I don't get 4G often in most of the places (I am in NYC, one expect this place where the focus would be?).  If the network and voice is better, this would have easily been the best phone one could have asked for.Sprint it is time to put your shocks up and do something with your network!

Fast, excellent color and screen resolution.  What's not to like?  Great battery life.  I'm new to Android so it took me a few weeks to figure out what apps drew the most power.  Now I'm getting more than a solid day out of a charge.  One other adjustment for me is the amazingly small bezel size.  It is nice to have most of the phone be an active surface.  But I occasionally find that my hammy fingers on the bezel are close enough to trigger the capacitive touch on the edge of the screen (even though they aren't touching.)  You just have to be careful how you hold the edge of the phone.

This is a great device with the exception of BAD reception on voice calls.  Have been told by Sprint (after MANY calls to agents who are not informed) that this device can have very poor voice reception in areas where Sprint has not completed their network upgrades.  Sprint is unable to provide any guidance on when upgrades will be done and offers nothing to customers who purchased this phone and are now unable to use it for voice calling in affected areas.Best advice is to stay away until Sprint completes its network or provides some assurance to customers who buy this and find out after the fact that it is essentially unusable for voice calls in many areas.I noticed the voice reception problem right after activating the phone.  After NUMEROUS unproductive calls with Sprint support, they finally told me the phone was defective and to get it replaced.  I returned for replacement and had the same issues with the 2nd device.  Again worked with Sprint who finally told me that I had received two defective devices in a row.  Turns out it is not the phone at all but compatibility with the Sprint network during the upgrade.  At this point my 14 days had passed and they then told me "sorry but you are stuck, you should have returned for a refund within the 14 days".Unbelievable.

Better then the $149 they were asking at the store and on the website, 1 penny is awesome for a sweet phone.

I just bought this phone and frankly I am amazed at how fast it is.LG really outdid themselves!I would definitely recommend!

I love this phone!  I haven't found anything i don't like. It performs beautiful...i used it for skype and the video was nice and smooth.

Vibrant screen, fast, cool features, and superb battery life!! Looking for an alternative to the GS4? I recommend this phone!

I've had my LG G2 phone for a week now, and I can honestly say that I REALLY miss my Galaxy S3.  The only thing that is better about the LG is the processor speed.  Everything else is annoyingly inferior.My list of complaints about the phone are as follows:1. The power and volume buttons are located on the back of the phone beneath the camera lens.  Alternatively, one can turn screen on by tapping on it twice, but it doesn't always work, and you can't tap to turn it off if you have another app open on the screen.  I miss the side button the S3 has.2. The button that returns one to the home screen is located too close to the space bar when typing on the on screen keyboard.  I can't tell you how many times I have hit it while typing a text or facebook comment.3. As with the S3, a screen swipe unlocks the screen.  However, almost every time I swipe the screen to unlock it, it turns on my camera.  I make sure not to swipe quick launch icon, but still, the camera turns on.  I know I'm doing something wrong, but it is still annoying.4. When I turn the phone sideways to rotate the screen in order to make the keyboard bigger to type on facebook, the keyboard takes up the whole screen, making it so I can't see what I'm typing.5. When I open the messaging system to text, it open to the last person I texted rather than a texting home screen where I can select a recipient quickly or begin a text to a new contact. It is just a minor annoyance but still annoying.6. When asking Voice Mate for directions, she tells you to &#34;turn left in 100 feet&#34; but doesn't give street names.Yep, I sound like a whiner.  I have to keep reminding myself that I &#34;upgraded&#34; my phone to save $40 a month on my bill.  If that wasn't the case, I would go back to the s3 in a heartbeat.  In my opinion, it is a much better phone.

This is an amazing phone,  all it can do without the goofy things Samsung dies.Thank you, very nice phone... LG rocks.You guys too... Lol... I'll keep coming back.

The LG2 is everything I expected and more. Would recommend it to everyone. Only thing is the Battery is not replaceable we will see how that works out.

What more can I say? I don't even know where to start. Ok, I've been an iPhone guy for a couple of years. I used to be their biggest fan...until now. This LG G2 makes iPhone looks average at best. The screen size, clear 1080p display (cannot compare to galaxy, I held both devices side by side and the G2 won hands down), Knock On, Q-Slide, numerous personalizations, etc. I could go on and on. To be fair I've only had it for a couple of days though, however I've had no issues with it whatsoever. The battery charges fast and holds a long charge compared to other phones (iPhone) :-). The only drawback I had was that this phone doesn't come with earphones. Other than that I would definitely recommend it evryone looking to upgrade their phone (especially iPhone users). The iPhone is limited in so many things it can do, this phone is not. I also had to spend only a penny on amazon to upgrade with a new 2 year contract (can't beat that!).Anyone who says otherwise about this phone is just a plain old liar. :-) Get buying then, people!

If you know or are willing to learn how to squeeze the most functionality out of your Android device, this LG G2 will make you very happy.Android phones often have less than stellar battery life. This device has extremely good battery life thanks to the large 3000mAh internal battery.Android phone cameras are often mediocre. This device has the best camera specifications of any Android phone available and the phone application that comes preloaded has many usable features. The camera is not perfect but you can nearly always put together a great shot with some post-processing in an app or inside Google+Photos.The screen is extremely large with a minimal bezel and dominates the front of the phone. It is very bright and usable even in full sunlight. 1080P HD content plays back fantastically well.With a little bit of work you can make this phone into a workforce of a device. I run a torrent client, stream HD sports, play the most demanding games, work on full MS office compatible documents, all from this phone, and it doesn't slow down at all.I highly recommend you use Chrome, Google+ for automatic photo backups, disable the built in calendar app and use Google Calendar, install Nova Launcher for a cleaner homescreen and app drawer, and really dig into the world of Android to squeeze the most functionality out of this device. Rooting this phone opens up a world of possibilities. Get into it.

I love this phone.  the picture quality is excellent and it has some great features.  Well worth the $$$ spent.

I bought it for myself and loved it so much that a friend bought it from the here as well.

Phone is great super fast. Okay camera i would of expected more from a 13mp. Phone is nice design and light. The back buttins grow on you. Emojis are supported on this phone and almost look identicle to the apple ones. One big thing that bugs me though is that i can use the touch screen every so often so i have to reboot the phone. Which isnt bad the phone takes literally 10 seconds to reboot which is crazy. If you text fast get ready to keep hitting the home button which annoys me every time when im trying to hit the space bar. Over all a great phone definitely worth the price. Remote function us pretty cool. If youre on an area that is getting sprint spark definitely go with this. I wouldnt buy this phone again honestly.

Pretty good phone and very comparable to the recent Samsung's. Has almost all of the same features and it's something different.

I think I made a wise decision.  I love the screen, I love the battery life, The camera is awesome.  I could do without some of the bloat-ware but much of LG's added features and software are quite good.  My short wish list would include a slot to add memory.But there are issues utilizing this tri-band phone's 4G LTE capabilities.  Sprint users nationwide, myself included, find themselves unable to get a decent 4G LTE signal even where previous phones worked flawlessly.  And no one seems to know whether the problem is due to Sprint's yet-to-be completed network revamping/roll-out or inherent issues with the phone's new tri-band hardware or both.  And whether the problem will really go away once the network is fully updated and finished.  Some experts predict that we early adopters just have to tough it out for a while.  Others are more skeptical.However if one wants/needs to upgrade their Sprint phone or is moving over to Sprint from another provider, this phone in my humble opinion is still at the top of a short list of phones capable of running the forthcoming Spark network and offering the promise of great things to come.The question is how to endure the current issues until all of this is sorted out.

LG did a great job with this phone and is sure to remain a major player hanging in with Samsung & Apple. Great value with loaded specs.

I've had this phone for just over 3 months now.  It did come loaded with a lot of thing that I will never use and can not take off the phone unless I do a &#34;Jail break on it.I have had a problem with the WI-FI where it shows that it's on but it's not working.  I did find an article that said to download a Build Prop editor and switch the wifi.lge.patch to true from false.  Tried this and it seemed to work but it did not fix the problem. Soon after I changed the setting it started not working again.I am hoping that LG will take the initiative to fix this problem.I see that a lot of people have had the WI-FI problem when I search online.Video is great!Sound is so-so.  Don't know why the speaker is not in the front.  Makes it hard to hear the person when you are trying to use the phone hands free in the car.I don't see any reason to put the power/volume button on the back.  It also makes it hard to adjust the volume.  I find myself hitting the power button instead of the volume.On more than one occasion I have turned the phone off not intending to.But in the end I love the phone and I'm anxiously waiting for a patch f or the Wi-Fi.If the WI-Fi problem was fixed I'd give it a FIVE.

I love this new device. Battery lasts longer,charges faster. Speaking of faster,the quad processor blazes! Damn glad I bought it.

For only .01, what more could i ask for?  The batterty lasts forever, the processor is fast and snappy, and the screen is large and beautiful.  Oh and the buttons on the back are perfect, I got used to it in no time at all!

Going on my 3rd day with the phone since receiving and activating it.  Of course the first thing you have to do is charge it up completely.  Using it almost exactly as I did my previous phone, an LG Viper, I am still at 30% of battery without any extra battery apps loaded.  The phone is running almost 100% as is out of the box, with the exception of a few apps I have now added.  THE SCREEN IS ENORMOUS!!!  With the Snapdragon 2.2 Ghz processor, it is also amazingly fast.  My friends at work, all of whom had better phones than I had previously have been impressed with the speed of the phone in their quick run of checks, like how fast does the camera come up.  FAST!  Fits in my pocket, for jeans or shorts or a jacket, has lots of cool functionality I am just now getting into.  Will update when I know the phone better, but for now, my main goal for this upgrade has been met; a phone I don't have to recharge twice a day.  Did I say I got it for 1 cent from Amazon on Cyber Monday, anywhere from $30-50 cheaper than all other places, cyber or brick and mortar stores?

Amazing piece of hardware. I love this phone. It feels high end sleek and I'm always finding new things I can do with it.

I been with OG EVO to EVO LTE. I must say this G2 is impressively faster and smooth. The camera is no problem for me as some reviewers complained about constantly automated refocusing. So much customize options, love it!

I had never purchased from Amazon Wireless, so was skeptical.  Excellent transaction, even on phone support.  Couldn't have been any quicker, smoother or easierThen the phone, I had looked at Samsung note and galaxy nexus.  I feel this phone surpasses then.  Very close on specs but this screen, love the back button which is at the perfect place to open the phone.  Was skeptical and now can't figure out why all aren't like this, saves looking for button on phone, even harder on larger ones, so is really a one hand operation.  And lg's software extras, such as knock for answering and touching screen to open is wonderful.I had grown to dislike android phones, I'm on iPhone, this was for hubby.  It's so smooth, almost makes me want to switch for the screen and ease of useHighly recommend this versus any out there
