
It didn't come with the box that was shown, nor a manual.  I'm a android user so I know how to operate it but it's a gift.  Wish that info was posted.  But it's a great phone for the person in getting it for.

I've had this phone for eight months. When I first got the phone I thought it was wonderful. Loved the smaller size and it seemed comparable to the old S2 I was replacing. Man I was so wrong. A month out of the box and it started acting up. Randomly shutting off  with a full battery. Turning on and off at will, seriously the phone would be on my desktop, no one touching it and it just starts turning off and on. Had to take the battery out and leave it out for over three hours to make it stop. Constantly freezes. On one such screen freeze about a month ago, I reboot just like I'd done a million times to the POS, and it corrupted my sd card. Put a new sd card in. Now a month later, it tells me the sd card was unexpectdly removed. WTF! It was sitting on my desk while I worked, in the case, just like always. Now it wont mount any sd card at all. Please do your self a favor if your considering buying this phone. Just don't. It's not worth the headache and frustration.

Bought it for my mom & she loved it, its not too big or too small the screen is perfect!I didn't think I'd like it so much. It was definitely worth what it cost.

This phone was at first really amazing, until the features such as picture messaging and group text do not operate properly.

You get what you pay for. Easily the worst phone I have ever purchased. Expeded more considering it is a Samsung. Microphone voices sound like you are inside a tin can. Speaker distorts if you go over 50% volume. The battery does not last thru a normal days usage. Only plus is the 4g LTE works great. I bought this for my wife. Ended up buying her another phone within a month. This is nothing more than a cheap back up if one of our other phones (Galaxy S4, Nexus 5) meets an unfortunate end.

Super easy to use and although its 'smaller' than other smartphones, you don't feel it. The seller is great, it is a brand new item in factory packaging, and they it shipped way before expected delivery date. AND the best part is...less expensive than store price.

The phone has decent graphic and works fast with apps, but the two most annoying things that I've found are: low battery life. I could be not using the phone for an entire day, yet at the end of the day the battery would be almost 0. Also, another terrible thing is the way it does not pick up signals. I know because I've always been with T-Mobile, and my previous phones never had any problem picking up signals in the exact same locations. Sometimes it takes several minutes to &#34;realize&#34; that yes, there is indeed signal where it was. Sometimes restarting the phone solves the immediate problem, but no, I would not prefer to restart my phone every time I need to call, or *gasp* text. Now that the Morotola G is out, I would urge everybody to shell your money towards that, even if it's a bit more. My Motorola G was the perfect phone for me, especially considering it was at $170 for 3G. When I lost it, I had to find a replacement and went with the Samsung Galaxy Light because I wanted 4G/LTE. Had I known the G was releasing the 4G/LTE version, I would have picked it over and over again.Though I suppose, if you're like me and don't like phone calls or messages, you could just tell people &#34;my phone doesn't pick up signals!&#34;. Convenient excuse at its best, because it's not an excuse if it's true!

Great Phone for $120.  Having issues with the Goggle Map app that shipped with the phone but that is the apps fault not the phone.

LTE speeds for T-mobile are about 7 times faster than 4G if you live in a LTE area. Phone has a big battery and very efficient quad-core processor. Camera takes good pictures and phone is the perfect size.

If you're looking for a pocket-sized smartphone, this one is a great value and works very well. I mainly talk and text on the phone (I have a computer and Nexus pad for browsing, videos, etc.), so the portability/size tradeoff is totally worth it for me. I have the T-Mobile version, with a $30 prepaid plan (so I keep mobile data turned off most of the time, as well as Bluetooth, saving $ and battery life). But the 4G/LTE capability works well when you need it.  You can find the phone unlocked as well. I've had it a couple of months and am very pleased so far.PROS:- Easily fits in your pocket - and your palm!- Battery life good: under normal use, holds charge all day; light use, 2 days; low use, up to 3-4 days- Decent 4" 480x800 screen, bright, clear, and works well in most lighting conditions- Excellent value, well under $200 on Amazon with no contract- Good reception- Good audio quality even on speakerphone- T-Mobile version allows talk/text over WiFi using your mobile number (your minutes still count)- Removable back cover and replaceable battery- Keyboard usable even with two thumbs. I recommend investing $5 in SwiftKey app.- Relatively responsive to use (1.4 GHz quad processor), and sufficient onboard memory (8GB)- Runs recent Android version (4.2.2)- Add a Micro SD card for up to 64GB - no need to pay extra for versions with more memory- Worldphone - worked well traveling overseas (in GSM mode)- Front and rear cameras- Standard micro USB for charging, etc.CONS:- No LED for missed call/message notification- Camera is fair at best... 5Mp (w/ flash), and poor low-light performance- Long (up to 1 sec.) delay for camera autofocus- Bloatware courtesy of Samsung and T-Mobile (some can be disabled)- Plastic case, though it looks nice and feels good in your hand- Screen small for video watching or extended web browsing (but that's the point, it's a pocket-sized phone).Actually, my biggest complaint is the lack of an notification LED - that would have added very little cost and been handy since I don't keep the phone on me 24x7.  The second big issue is the camera - frankly it sucks, but then again, what do you expect for the size and price?  It's acceptable for quick shots (well, after waiting for the autofocus), but not for pictures you'll want to get right and save. But for those, I use my small, dedicated $100 14Mp point/shoot camera that blows away *any* cell phone camera... and probably always will. It's physics: decent photography, especially under different lighting conditions and with optical zoom, requires a larger lens, longer focal length, and more powerful flash than will likely fit into any affordable phone anytime soon.  For what you save on this phone, you can buy a better pocket camera than is available any $700 phone.Samsung apparently set out to make a smaller Android phone with most of the Galaxy 4 features, reasonable performance, and an excellent price point -- and on those criteria it totally delivers.  It's the best TMobile-compatible pocket-sized smartphone I've found, and a great value. Recommended.

Great size for a device that will be used as a phoneThe phone is very fastGood price point

I've only had this phone for 2 days but I absolutely love it. It reminds me so much of my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0. Features are similar as well as the speed. The 4G LTE really does make a difference compared to my previous 3G phone. Data is so much faster.Also it came with its sim card and it was easy to switch sim cards without the necessity of going to a shop.It has good battery life...so far. Which was one of the things I was looking for in a phone.The only thing I don't like is that when you go to take a picture, it takes a few seconds to capture the image because of the auto-focus.I definitely recommend this phone if you're looking for a good cheap android phone.

Very nice and cheap phone. it does everything I want it to do. The only thing I do not like about this is that it's too slow. Takes awhile to load some apps.

I like the phone for its features and feel.  Compared to the Samsung Exhibit I had for more than 2 years this phone has better features.  The touch screen is very sensitive.

The seller claimed this phone was new; it was NOT new! It had all sorts of downloads on it, including an entire Snapchat conversation, from a previous owner. Not happy with the seller's false advertising!

I got my Samsung Galaxy Light through the Amazon Marketplace for the bargain basement price of $149.99, which included a wall charger and sim card. (T-Mobile sells a comparable unit for about $100 more.)I'm very disappointed. The reception for voice calls, data is horrible. It drops a lot of calls, and the data signal constantly goes in and out on this phone. I'll have 4 full bars, and then the next thing you know, I have no bars at all, then 1 bar, then 2 bars, and have 4 full bars again! The 4G LTE Internet performance is so-so. I get a lot of network error messages.In addition, I've noticed some off the built-in apps and widgets don't seem to want to work right either. The T-Mobile Name ID function doesn't work, unless you call T-Mobile Customer Care to get the subscription-based service set up over the phone. You can't do it directly from the handset. Total BS! I've tried getting a warranty replacement unit sent to me, only to encounter the same problems.You have to turn off the device, and do a manual restart because the the thing locks up from time to time. After about 3 months of use, I'm thinking of returning it. It's a cheap piece of junk. T-Mobile needs to start churning out phones that work.

I am so happy with my new phone! It is great and does everything that the Galaxy S line does at a much cheaper price!

I am new to smart phones, so my expectations were not too high.  I like the new functionality, but my old phone was more reliable.  This phone seems to drop a lot more calls.  I've also had problems with the battery.  I have to charge it much more often.  The battery has been fully charged one day and down to 15% the next morning.  I've tried to adjust settings to preserve battery life, but they don't seem to help.  I'm not sure if these issues are limited to the Galaxy LIght or if I would have the same issues with all the Galaxy phones.

I had to replace my S2 and wanted a budget friendly option so the guy at the T-mobile store introduced me to the Samsung Galaxy Lite. I thought I was on to something, it appeared to do all the things I loved about my S2 and same basic interface. Maybe a few days or a week into having my phone I noticed that my reception was pretty s***ty, folks had a hard time hearing me and every so often (too often) I would experience wind tunnel interference. I thought it was specific to the phone I had and went back to the store for a new one. Same audio quality problems once again started to make an appearance. Super frustrated, I was now considering getting an S5. Before that could happen I fortunatly or unfortunatly lost my phone. So now I am on my third Samsung Galaxy Lite in less than a month and guess what??? Audio quality continues to be horrendous. I have to scream into the phone for people to hear me and my calls keep dropping. I am just confused as to why T-Mobile would continue to carry such a lousy product. Do not buy this phone, its bad news.

Love the Light. A great android phone for the money. Quick, handy size, so many functions like the costly phones at an affordable price. Memory is small but mini sd card helps. Love the voice command. CAMERA is ok, useful command to take pictures: smile, cheese, shoot or capture. Don't find this on iPhone 4s, buy an app!

I bought this for my ten year old son and this is such a nice little phone! Seems like a galaxy 4 mini.. He loves it . It is good for a ten year old kid. No complaints..

This phone is perfect for my 16 year old daughter.  She is able to do everything she wants as far as storing music and using her apps and surfing the web, but I didn't have to pay the money for an iPhone.  This phone has proven to be durable and reliable without needing to take out a home equity loan to pay for a teenagers phone.

Best phone I ever had for sure better than the s2:-)

Great phone, esp for the price!  This is cheaper than the stupid insurance plan my husband keeps on his phone (he'd still have to pay a $150 deductible on top of the monthly fee....  So after a toddler+toilet+my previous galaxy light, i was glad to find this deal

Love this phone but if you live in a very rural place you should unlock this phone first and get verizon but if not you will this phone i love it and i live in central texas. All in all the phone is as good as a s4 mini or even better.

The specs on this phone are amazing for the price. It works just as well as any other smartphone I've used. I do wish that the battery was easier to take out because I used to just have an external charger for a second battery charging at all times do I can just swap batteries. I'm sure you can still do it with this phone but the spare battery and charger aren't as ready to come by. The while thing works very well. I've had it a few months, use it all the time, still great. One thing I'd suggest is to holdDown the home button and Swype away the apps your not using just to clean things up.

I've been a blackberry user for years but my wife finally said it's time to move on.  After using this phone for a month, I've realized that the battery lasts for about one day with average use.  I've also realized that the reception on this phone isn't near as good as my Blackberry Curve.  I used my old phone in the same locations that this phone will not get a signal with the same network.  The phone does have a lot of nice features though; its basically just like my Samsung Galaxy Tablet.  I'm stationed in Europe so I was a little apprehensive about getting this phone unlocked, but it was easier than I thought.  T-Mobile refused to give me the code, so I used cellunlocker.net to get the Network Unlock code and it worked perfectly.  There's plenty of sites out there to get unlock codes from, but this one worked for me (I am not endorsing that site).  I was able to pull my Wind Sim Card out of my blackberrry and start using the phone right away.  My phone says I'm getting 4G over here in Italy.  (Be careful not to type in the Network Unlock code when your phone is asking for the SIM Card code that came with the SIM card.  Don't ask me how I know.)

Delivery was earlier than anctipated and for its price the phone is great. Just between us, I got Galaxy S4 but I bought this for my daughter. She is happy and I'm happy. It's a very nice phone, really, especially for its prices, but if you want more features, you should try a Galaxy S5 with a hefty price of $660.

This is a great phone. It may not have space for lots of fancy apps, but if you just need a basic smartphone this is perfect.It handles changes between wifi networks and using data easily and generally is SUPER fast on the internet (as in, I use it to look up my online textbook when my Mac computer is being slow). My dad keeps trying to show off his Samsung Galaxy 5, but so far he hasn't found anything it can do that my phone can't and the Galaxy s5 is HUGE compared to the Galaxy Light (and much more expensive). This phone can also handle downloading pdf files from the internet more easily than older phones that I have used.The battery charges very quickly and generally lasts longer than my friend's smartphones seem to and even longer than my old flip phone. I keep it on power saving mode all the time (I can't figure out any disadvantage to this) and it last about 3 days if I'm not using it much or about a day and a half if I'm using it more.The camera is quite good. The sound quality is also generally quite good and I think when it is not it is more a result of my phone companies signal than the phone.I don't use my phone for many complicated things like games but overall I can't see why you would buy a more expensive phone over this one. Highly recommend it.

I purchased this for a friend who loved it!  They didn't want a phone with a screen that was too big; it was the perfect size and capabilities.  Additionally, they were able to use their old SIM card which was important to retain their information.

The phone is beautiful and just the right size to carry around with all the necessary feature. I can easily access my messages and email.

my girlfriend love it

Item brand new, in manufacture's package, unopened, unused. This model has always exceeded my expectations if you look at the prize you're paying for it. Cell phone works like charm. As it is brand new, there was no configuration other than the one I set it up. This Samsung Galaxy Light is very light indeed, but it's an awesome cell phone. It does everything you need from a cell phone except for Polaris App for reading Office documents is not intended for it. But this does not stop me from rating this cell phone with a five stars plus. I've owned one for more than a year and I've had no issues with it. Never had to reset it, or cell has never freezed like other Galaxy  and I bought this as a gift because I'm sure it's going to work great.

God this phone for my 74 year old mother who has never had a smart phone before. Is very simple and she loves it.

This phone is pretty darn nice. It has a very nice screen it is very crisp, which is surprising considering the cost. The interface is very similar to the Samsung Galaxy S3. This phone is basically the Galaxy S3 Mini for T-Mobile. The camera is very decent and the battery life isn't too shabby either. This phone pretty much lasts me the entire day with one charge and mild use of social networking apps and games. Video apps drain the battery pretty fast but that's pretty standard. Overall I would definitely recommend this phone to any entry-level user. If you are looking for a phone that has pretty much all the features of high-end pone but in a compact size and low price, this is definitely the phone for you.

it made my sd card go completely crazy. it wouldn't read in any other device after placing it on this phone! i have no idea of what could have happened but i'm very upset!

This is my first smartphone, and I have had it for 2 weeks. It is great! It has all the features that I want in a phone: phone, text, email, GPS, internet.I haven't used the GPS because there are so many other features that I am still learning about. But so far, anything that my friends with iPhone 5 or Galaxy S4 can do, I can too. I really like swype as an alternative to typing. I have found quick, easy shortcuts to turning on/off bluetooth, wi-fi, and driving mode.If it is your first smartphone, there is an Easy Setting: it is 3 simple screens with a very uncluttered look. On the 3rd screen, you still get full access to all your apps. It is a lot less intimidating than the regular look. And by the end of a week or 2, you'll feel comfortable going to the regular setup. My only gripe is that the battery lasts only 1 to 1 1/2 days. I am told that is normal for smartphones, but my feature phones used to last 3-4 days. It takes some getting used to. However, with the phone off, it fully recharges in about 2 hours.My shortlist was the Lumia 521, Optimus F3, and the Galaxy Light. I skipped the Lumia because of the Windows app market, and the Optimus because it had less RAM/ROM. This was more pricy [I paid full price at the T-Mobile store - DON'T DO THAT!], but I feel it was worth it. No complaints yet - just got to go find a flip case to protect both the screen and the sides.

Love the phone. I'm not good with technology, but this phone is great because it is intuitive to us. Carolyn Madden

I've been a happy T-Mo customer for almost 2.5 years and have been looking for replacements for our (2) T-Mo MyTouch 4G (a/k/a HTC Glacier) phones that will provide a reasonable level of upgrades/updates compared to what we have now and that don't cost a small fortune. Don't need or want Phablets and the newest, shiniest, glitziest with all the bells, lights and buzzers isn't a much of a priority. We're gadget freaks to a point, but NOT techo freaks, just want reliable android phones that are reasonably current & functional, that work like they're supposed to, that fit in a pocket, can be operated with one average sized hand most of the time and are practical & affordable.I research the hell out of nearly every equipment purchase I make and where cell phones are concerned, decent battery life and a user replaceable battery are MANDATORY. Why anyone would spend hundreds of $ on a phone that they can't perform the most basic and frequent basic repair on themselves (battery replacement) is beyond me, but to each their own decisionsWhen I came across the Samsung Galaxy Light I was absolutely THRILLED!  Then my follow-up research began...While signal quality is an issue of concern reported in some reviews that I'd still need to check into more deeply before clicking "Buy", I have been extremely frustrated to learn that as of the date of this review, and although the Light is constructed to allow battery replacement by the user, there is NO REPLACEMENT BATTERY AVAILABLE for purchase by an owner of a Light!!!  THAT is a non-negotiable deal-killer for me, and IMO extremely stupid and ridiculous. Why make a phone like this WITH the capability and configuration to allow the user to replace the battery (and therefore carry a spare, when desired), yet not simply produce and sell a replacement battery??? It's like a sandwich shop offering a sandwich with just ONE piece of bread. Who does that kind of stuff? Who BUYS that kind of stuff??Samsung support even has a part # (EB-B105BUBEBUS) for a replacement battery, but it's NOT AVAILABLE and the rep I spoke with had no way of knowing or finding out when or even IF this battery might ever be available.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Clipped. Previous content from original review deleted at this point as it's no longer applicable or pertinent.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE: 5/20/14 - Thanks to all who commented and provided info about the availability of a replacement battery. I pulled the trigger today and ordered two of these phones. More to come in a few weeks when I have some time to evaluate their performance.UPDATE: 6/5/14 - We've used the phone(s) for a couple of weeks now, and I find them quite satisfactory! Ended up buying both phones, four cases and two replacement/spare batteries + screen savers for +/- $310. TOTAL. Excellent Value!I've had no signal issues, no dropped calls & the 4G LTE and WiFi work fine, call quality and volume are outstanding, all features work without issue and in my opinion, these are EXCELLENT phones for the price!  We prefer the small form factor and they are very close in that respect to the phones we had to replace, so no real adaptation to them was necessary. Also the battery life is excellent if you use them prudently. We get TWO FULL DAYS out of a full charge with moderate use, which amazes me. We don't play a lot of videos or games but again for what we need and use them for, they're more than acceptable in every respect.We don't use the cameras much on the phones as we have digital cameras for when we need them, but I find no fault with photo quality for what the cams are. The descriptions of others identifying these phones as a great "beginners" phone doesn't do justice to them, as they do everything we need them to do, and more than our old phones did very, very well.If you're looking for a good quality, functional, reasonably priced, small form factor android phone, that fits in your pocket and doesn't feel like you're carrying an LCD TV or brick around with you, you can't go wrong with the Galaxy Light!

This is Samsung's second offering in a nine month period for T-Mobile that gives them a version of the Galaxy S3 mini. The Galaxy Exhibit (SGH-T599, not to be confused with two older Exhibit phones) was similar, but had less memory and a dual core processor. This one has a quad core processor, and LTE, both of which are a step above the S3 mini and the Exhibit. It has far more memory usable for apps than the SGH-T599, equivalent to the S3 mini. It's fast and responsive, features Android 4.2.2 (also above the other two models) and newer features such as voice control, NFC, S-beam, and so on. It has a TFT screen that's crisp and sharp, but not the AMOLED screen of the S3 mini.With a selling price of $150, (list is much higher) it's a bargain and is as inexpensive as the SGH-T599. If you can get this at a good price, it's well worth it. The SGH-T599 is close enough in most respects that you might want to consider it if you are in the market for a used one, find it cheaper, can find an unlocked one and/or don't need the newer features of this one. The dual core processor is still quite fast.

Purchased this phone as a backup phone and have enjoyed using it so far. The only thing that i don't like is the Samsung Touchwiz interface. I bypassed that by installing HoloLauncher HD and now it has a snappy stock android feel. This phone also get fast LTE speeds and has slot for a micro sd card.

I bought this phone for my wife to use as her business phone. We ported over her AT&T; landline number to T-mobile and will save a bunch of money each month. The main feature I like is that this T-mobile branded phone has the Wifi-calling feature, which allows us to initiate calls using our home's wifi router to the T-mobile network. This is important because we have poor T-mobile cell reception inside our house.I like the smaller size and central physical button on this phone, but I dislike the fact that Samsung has written a Wifi selection algorithm that disconnects automatically from slow internet connections. So when I was recently in Costa Rica, where many of the wifi connections use low bandwidth microwave repeaters to get to the Internet, the phone constantly disconnected me from the wifi connection, despite that fact that I had no cell service and there were no other wifi connections available. Our iPhones did not exhibit this behavior.

This phone is great.I have had ut for about 2 months and I have been on it so much!its great for social media. .... takes good pics....i have dropped thus phone so badly without a case you would think that it done but no cracks I have to tell you this phone is tough I have even spilt a full big glass of water on it and it was completely fine it is small and I prefer bigger but Its a super great phone for price

Not a bad price for a mid-range cell phone, but be aware that you will have to unlock it from T-Mobile. It cost me 30 dollars to do that, so it would have to be considered in the overall price. I ended up getting an unlocked LG E970, and like it better than this one.

Have used this phone now for over 3 months and found it to be just as advertised.  Small as my other phones and not bulky like the 4Gs on the market.

I received my new phone on time , I like it worked s good , it&#34;s like my work phone galaxy 4 but smaller , has every thing I need and works good , Thank you

so far, so good. I like it, have had it for two weeks. The keyboard is small so my words dont always type out correctly. other then that no issues.

I hate to say goodbye to my 5 year old flip phone that got broken. Not being able to find another good flip phone on the market, I bought this one hesitantly, but I was pleasantly surprised.- Size: pocket size, fits in my pocket or a small purse nicely.- Clear sound quality- To a flip phone fan like me, the "smart" features such as weather forecast (shown on the home screen) and being able to read/send emails are definitely a plus.- It comes with a micro sim card. One just needs to call T-mobile to transfer all the contact info from the old sim to the new sim. Then you are ready to go.- Good battery lifeThings to improve:- sensitivity of the touch screen: occassionally, I have touch multiple times to open an app. or make a call.- keypad: the layout of numbers is not as spacious as Iphone. One has to be very careful not to mis-touch and dial a wrong numberAll in all, I am quite happy with the phone, and will recommend it to anybody who wants to get a smartphone at $150.

this is a great phone - there are so many things you can do with it. i was able to add personal ringtones and pictures for my contacts which is really neat. this is my first smartphone/android so i'm really liking all the extras this phone has - screenshot, dropbox, google accounts, etc. it even has a drive mode so when you're driving and it rings you know who is calling. the camera is awesome - pics are so clear and the flash will blind you if you're the one getting your picture taken!!  my grandson has a samsung galaxy s 3 and this one is almost like it except for the size. i personally don't want a large phone so the size of it is perfect and it was so easy to personalize. and it was almost $100 cheaper ordering through amazon than buying it through t-mobile!!! i absolutely love, love, love it!!

It has more features than what I am use to.  Very easy to handle and easy to set up.  Nice size screen.

My Samsung Gal 2 was stolen so I had been looking for a replacement. To buy with TMobile the Galaxy 4 and 5 were over $600. I wanted a phone which would let me check Pinterest, text easily and had fast Internet, but with the current technology I don't think that $600 was the best option for me. I am so glad I bought this phone instead. It has super fast internet, I can have a few apps (I only use about 7 normally), the camera is great for Instagram. The camera had poor reviews, but I thought the images are clear enough. I am so happy I bought this phone! I strongly recommend it.

Most of the new smart phones have a bigger screen and body that makes it hard to put in your pocket. This Galaxy Light is relatively small. The 4" display is sufficiently large even for games and video. The camera resolution is good (much better than Tab 3 7.0). The only problem we had is to register it at Samsung. It does not have the exact model number and would not accept the IMEI number there. The Android version is relatively updated and it works smoothly disregard the limited memory. I have compared this phone with the LG Optimus F3 and decided to go with this one. I have tested the Mirror Display function and it works pretty well although it is not as sharp or as smooth in video play back as my Note. In general, it is a good entry level smart phone with most of the functions you would need at a very reasonable price.Update 4/22/2014:After a month, I went back to Samsung's website and now it registers without problem. It seems their database was not updated when I first received the phone and could not register it.

I am very happy with this as an entry-level smart phone.  I was upgrading from a 4-year-old MOTO RIZR, so it didn't take much to improve on it, but this phone has been a nice entr&eacute;e to the 21st century.  I felt it needed a case, a screen protector, and an SD card before being really useable; in all, this came to about $70 on top of the advertised price, but that was OK with me, since I knew it going in.There are plenty of quirks, which I think may be summed up by the advice in the user's manual that it is not good for the phone to run without re-booting for more than a day (!).  However, I suspect that most of them (like TouchWiz) are just instances of carrier fiddling, and would continue to bedevil me even with a more expensive phone.

this phone is LOCKED!! to T-Mobile.. do not listen to the other reviews about being unlocked for other cell providers.Screen is bright and crisp, very smooth and fast phone.great value for the price.

Much better phone than I expected. Fast light weight and easy to use. I would recommend this phone to others

I purchased for my wife the Samsung Galaxy Light (T-Mobile) on Jan 13, 2014 ($169) and it has been the best phone purchase.  Not only is the price very reasonable but the features are the same as on the more expensive Samsung G3 replacement, but is slightly smaller, has a newer OS and seems faster too.  I also purchased the Eagle Cell Protective Cover for Samsung Galaxy Light/T399 - Retail Packaging - Black ($11.57) which has already protected the phone from a drop onto our tile floor in the kitchen.  I would highly recommend this phone and protective cover to anyone looking for an upgraded Android phone.

This phone is awesome! I recently bought it for my mother, who is new to touch screen phones & so far it's worked excellent! The phone not only looks very nice, but is easy to learn. It's a great phone for both beginners & advanced users. It has so many features. The touchscreen keys work seamlessly, so you have smooth operation. It also arrived with no cosmetic or software flaws, which is exactly in the condition described as 'New'. I would definitely recommend it!

Having been a T-Mobile customer for nearly 11 years, I was very satisfied with the HTC MyTouch 4G (from 2010).  It was long overdue for an upgrade.  I was considering the Google Nexus 5 and Samsung Galaxy 5, but did not want a gigantic screen.  I needed a phone  portable and lightweight that is easy to hold in my hand/pocket.  After researching for 2 weeks, I decided to give this phone a chance.  For $150 (it's sold at $240 through T-Mobile), this phone is a bargain in terms of the features you're getting for the money.PROS:-very compact and lightweight-fast processor-LTE support-Jellybean installed-excellent call quality-very similar in features/functionality to the more expensive Galaxy S4CONS:-The screen is OK for standard definition, but could be sharper (this is not a phone for you if you're a heavy multimedia user)-The camera/camcorder (5mp/720pi) is average-cheap plastic built (then again, this is also true for the much more expensive Galaxy S4/S5-no notification light-a lot of bloatware appsIn summary, if you don't mind a smaller, standard definition screen and are not planing on heavy camera/camcorder use, this phone is for you-- particularly if you want something smaller and compact than today's high end large HD screened smartphones.

While I think Android is a misdesigned, mediocre platform, it's easily the best mobile platform out there at the moment, so I can't fault the phone much for it. This phone adequately performs everything I've expected it to do. I gave it 3/5, but honestly I probably wouldn't rate any modern smart phone higher than this; the current mobile software ecosystem it not mature enough to keep up with the real potential of smart phone hardware.Unfortunately it comes preloaded with a bunch of Samsung and T-Mobile crapware that can't be fully uninstalled, but this is manageable. Also, as far as I can tell, Samsung, as usual, will not support updating Android, so you're on your own if you want to go beyond 4.2.2. That's something to keep in mind if you're concerned about security.Battery life is decent, probably slightly above average for the current generations of phones. I can go for about 3 days without recharging with my very light usage.

OK i bought the phone for $150 off HSN and love it. I also have it unlocked but had to pay for the unlock. I am with aio and service is so much better than t-mobile. So yes it can be unlocked but u have to pay for it. The only problem with Aio is that the phone shows roaming all the time, but I think this is an issue with the rom. It also shows 3g for data when aio has 4g but when I speed test it I get 8mb a sec which is aio's data speed cap. Since I think this is a rom issue, Once we get rom support the problems will be improved or fixed.cell unlock king is who I used to unlock it and they were great. The only weird thing is that they said it came up in the system as a different phone but the unlock still worked.

I must admit I am in love with this phone,  everyone likes/loves a new phone, but THIS phone is fricken awesome,  not too big (aka phblet) and not too small, its actually the same height and width of a mytouch4g (my previous phone)  but thinner & lighter and uses more of the screen :)...the screen colors pop, very responsive screen and calls are excellent...only issue I had at first is there are no lights alerting you to a missed call or message, but after some digging into the setting menu I found how to use the cameras flash as a notification with or without sound, even how many times you want it to flash :)....also sometimes my readers aren't handy and all i have to do is push volume key up or down and it magnifies the screen and i am able to read messages (yes I'm older) this phone is almost exactly the same as the Samsung Galaxy S3 (hubby's) only smaller, my daughter also has a Samsung Galaxy S4, so we do have phones to compare my Light to, and let me tell you this is quite an impressive phone. Pictures aren't that great but hey, I bought a phone, not a camera,

This is a nice entry level phone. It seems to work well, but my son has only been using it for a few days. So far no lockups, not freezes, and no other undesirable behavior. I am not a Samsung fanboi, I have had mixed luck with Samsung phones in the past, and so far this one seems like one of the good ones.

It is so good and does almost everything an Iphone does the software is very intuitive and easy to use

I love Samsung, but I'll never use T-Mobile again. I live in rural Indiana and T-Mobile advertised great coverage in my area, but I couldn't even call my ride from the airport. Be forewarned!

Good very happy with it glade I did not spend more for another like a Galaxy 4 or5 does what I need and think it the best out there for maybe 2 years till a new type of phone come out love the size too not as big as other fit perfect in top pocket of shirt.

This phone is great and actually affordable.Its buttery smooth and quick and responsive.I bougt mine from hsn because they the only one had it for $150 at time.I can honestly say i made a great purchase

This unit is basically a S3/S4 mini.  My brother has a S3 and I have used a S4 active and this is right there just smaller.  If you need a starter phone or one to buy for Tmobile then this is a good choice.  Has only 6 gig usable but you can put in a micro sd card to expand memory.  Has wifi calling and gets LTE on Tmobile

I used this phone in Costa Rica on a church mission team and it was awesome. The Wifi calling can be a life saver overseas, not just for your wallet, but also when coverage is spotty and a regular call wont go through. $170 for this phone is an incredibly price. I wrote all kinds of long emails, no problem with Swype.I was concerned about the low resolution on the screen, however everything is still crisp. Email and web browsing is great. The Samsung UI not my favorite, but so be it.I had issues running the address book after syncing my Google account, simply installed Contacts+. Problem fixed. I use Google Hangouts for SMS.Small, great battery life. I added a 64GB SD card, and have unlimited space.The camera is a little slow, and not the greatest compared to phones that cost 4x the price.Officially on the list for 4.4.2 from Samsung.

Phone is basically the same as Galaxy mini.  Great features and awesome speed with quad core processor.  $240. @ T-Mobile store.  I would recommend to anyone looking for an easy to use and set-up phone that will still fit in your pocket (A phone, Not a mini tablet).  My spouse and I both love the phone.  GREAT PRICE @ Amazon!!!

phone came brand new in is ooriginal box.  i use my family mobile with walmart. and i have a t mobile service threw walmart. very easy to switch my service over. 100% reccommend for anyone.

I really like that it can last me two days of battery, unless i'm watching youtube videos.I just overall like it and am recommending it to my boyfriend.Its light and small, but great resolution on pictures and videos.

First &#34;smart &#34; phone.  I know hard to believe.  Seems to work fine.  Fits hand well without being too large.

If you are looking for a smaller smart phone, this is the one. Just what I wanted. Super nice and excellent price. It operates on the Android 4.2.2 (same operating system as the Samsung Galaxy IV).... I highly recommend the seller and the T-399 Samsung Galaxy Light for it's smaller size, as I don't want the bigger bulky phone on my belt.....(Personal preference).....

Great phone very easy to activate

I've had this phone for two days. So far no problems. Fast and easy to use. Perfect size and very pleased with this purchase. Would definitely recommend this for anyone who wants a good smart phone that doesn't break the bank.

Very good value for the price. First time I had a smartphone.  Started out with the Easy mode which allowed me to get used to a smartphone.  In Easy mode I can call, text, use the camera, access the gallery of my photos and the internet.  Also, time, date, and weather, email, calculator, calendar, memo, music, and some easy settings.  That's really all I need anyway.  I think the battery is fine; I charge it once a day. A friend has this phone, too, and uses it in Standard mode and finds it has lots of options.  Someone else I know says it has a slower screen response compared to their iphone. I bought a Samsung case to protect it if it's dropped.

I just bought this new Samsung Light 4G LTE phone for my girlfriend who inherited my used HTC G1 which I bought new in 2008 - ages ago in cell phone years. After a week of hunting online for a new unlocked smart phone, much of that time here on Amazon, I think we found the most efficient, value packed and under-rated phone most people don't even know exist, because few people would ever believe a new phone at this price point is really worth it. Trust me, it is!To set the new Galaxy Light up right since this was her first real big screen phone, we went to a local TMO store and to our delight they activated the included SIM card , got the number switched over and transferred all her images, music and contacts free of charge.What to know: This phone flies on T-Mobiles 4G LTE network and is many times faster than 4G. If you are tired of huge cell bills, we seriously recommend TMOs  prepaid service, it rocks. This phones 5MP camera is great, and the screen resolution is as good as my Samsung HDTV, I can't see the difference, except in specs, but the eyes don't lie either.Samsung Light is very impressive and not outrageously big like all the other tablet sized phones out there now.  We think those are great, but we don't want to worry about breaking it, and it's just a phone, we have a PC and an iPad already. We went through all the apps, finessed and easily mastered all the setting, set ring tones, this and that, and I am so impressed what we ended up getting.This phone is very easy to learn, and the quick switch to WiFi keeps our budget on point, without exceeding our plans data limit.  It included a great selection of preinstalled apps and we quickly downloaded some of her favorites at the Play Store with ease.The package was new, factory sealed, and included a SIM, a wall charger and safety manual and warranty card. I'm not afraid of the 8GB  memory because it takes a minute to transfer images to the PC or iPad.The Samsung Light 4G LTE is not a Galaxy 5, but for $130 it's got pretty much everything you need with money to spare for more important things in life. The Samsung Light 4G LTE has big league value with a minor league price.Highly Recommended!

Just decided it is time to get an smart phone but did not want to spend too much. I used T Mobile carrier, so there is no problem for me to get a Galaxy Light (T-Mobile). As mentioned, I got what I want with good price.

I like the phone its very quick had it for awhile now and no complaints except one cant find a spare battery for it checked everywhere

Have had this phone for a little over a week now and absolutely love it! Just switched from a Verizon contract plan over to T-Mobile's Simple Choice plan and so far have no regrets. I'm not a super user as far as smart phones are concerned so this phone more than covers my needs. Its a perfect size to put into my pocket, has great sound quality for calls and a decent camera. The screen is bright and crisp. For the money I think this is an amazing value!

Nice phone. It was for a teenager so it does the job. She likes it so I'm ok with it. I checked it out and it's a pretty good phone for the price and being on the lower end of galaxies.

I had a Samsung Galaxy for 3.5 years before finally deciding to upgrade. So glad that I did - the Light is a dream to use. So far, it seems Samsung has corrected everything that was irritating about their previous models - this one prominently displays phone/text/battery usage, it adds contacts easily from the text/call log screen, the charger port is on the bottom rather than the top (smart move!), and most important, the menus are so much more intuitive. In addition, the battery has had a longer life than expected and there have been no dropped calls. The resolution is fantastic. Camera works well. My only complaint: I wish there was an Otterbox to fit this model.Extremely pleased. If you're looking for a basic (phone, text, email) yet elegant smartphone that will treat you well, I highly recommend the Light.

Very easy to order, delivered  quickly and easy to set up. The phone came with a SIM card, so I could do just about all of the set up online. Porting my old number did require a couple extra calls to my old and new providers, but that's to be expected. The phone is considerably faster and with better battery life than my HTC EVO Design. The price is nice too. Yes, you can pay a lot more for an Android smartphone if you want to, but this does it all quickly and elegantly. Recommend!

I am so happy with this phone.  Many told me not to get it. they had never heard of this phone.It is the best phone I have ever owned, it does everything I need it to and it is very fast.We actually bought two.  One for me and the other for my fianc&eacute;.  He too said it is betterthan his HTC phone that he had.

Phone is perfect for my needs. Easy to use. Light, nice size screen, I like the words that pop up as you text.

We recently purchased this phone as a replacement for a Nokia Lumia 521(see my review why), and couldn't be happier.  For the first time in recent history, my wife now has a phone that actually works the way it is supposed to.  From the get go, it was simple setup.  Pop in existing sim, answer a few check boxes and fill in some settings, and away it goes.  I love the fact that it has an &#34;easy mode&#34; which eliminates the clutter of android.  Great idea.  The camera is average for a 5mp.  It takes decent pictures in good light, about the same as every other Samsung phone.  Low light, just acceptable pictures, again like about every other cell phone you might buy.  Battery life is good.  Wifi calling and MMS over wifi work seamlessly.  Call quality is excellent.  The phone is stable and never hangs or reboots.  No dropped calls.  It is not lightning fast, and I'm not sure I would go trying to play 3d games on this phone.  However, quad core and 1g ram is downright great for this price point.  It is certainly not slow in day to day use at all.  For a budget phone, this is about as good as it gets.  It just plain works well.  Highly recommended as a lower end smartphone for average people who don't require 3d graphics, 24/7 movie streaming, or amateur photography.  If you are someone who requires your phone to be your little mini pc and entertainment center, keep looking.  But for somebody who wants a stable, functional, excellent quality cell phone for normal day to day life, you can't do much better.

Im really happy with the product,i got it on time,it works exellent,,im thinking to get another,Not to big ,Not to small perfect size.

I have had this phone for 2 months and still finding out a lot of features what the phone can do.  The phone doesn't come with any instruction, so you just have to explore on your own.  I like the text swiping feature.

I had a Galaxy S(2 or 3) before I had an iPhone 4 and this is better than both. I cannot remember if it was the S2 or the S3. It is smaller than the S(2 or 3) but about the same size of the iPhone 4. However, the Android version 4.2.2. on it is a league above the one I had on the S(2 or 3). It is fast and useful. The battery has not gone below 40% even though I have used it as GPS where the screen stays on. With T-Mobile I have also been using it as a hot spot, and that was included with the T-Mobile phone. I did not like the iPhone but really like this Android.

I like the size of this phone. The keyboard is small like others have said. I do not like the camera at all. It does not compare to my galaxy 11 and it will not work with my bank app. Everything is fine till you try to take the picture and send it then fails and I have tried everything and nobody has any answers for the problem. Its a good basic phone but apps dont work to good.

Great phone!  I bought this phone for my husband for Father's Day and he loves it.  It does everything my Galaxy SIII does, but is smaller in size.  Couldn't be happier!!

I have had the Galaxy Light for about 1 1/2 weeks and I love the phone! It is a big upgrade for me from my last phone, which was the Galaxy Exhibit. The Light is so fast! It is not too much bigger that the Exhibit but the screen size appears to be so much bigger.I ordered the phone on a Sunday and it arrived Wed afternoon. And how can you beat the price? T-Moblie sells the same phone for $240. I bought it on Amazon for $150 with no shipping charges and no tax. The box was sealed and included the USB cable, charger, battery, and user guide.  Don't think twice....if you are considering the Galaxy Light, go for it now on Amazon.

I really, really love this phone.  I wanted a Samsung galaxy s3 or s4, but this was more in my budget at the time and it meets all my expectations.  To my surprise it's the same phone as the others just mini.  I think I like this one better because its not as big as the others and I can put this in my pocket.

This was $240-260 in T-mobile store! ... What a ripoff. I even went back to the store to tell them. They were making faces.Phone is good. It might not be the latest and greatest, but it has most of the new features. I am happy with it.

Very happy so far; good size and weight and I like the zoom on the camera.  Not really a techie, so I have not yet installed many apps.  I don't like that I cannot easily access the program manager to see what apps are open.

I was researching phones for my 10 year old son and came across this Samsung Galaxy Light. It seemed to have everything that a Samsung Galaxy S3 at a fraction of the cost! Thus far I have to say I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of this phone. It may not take the best pictures, but that was expected as I read the reviews prior to purchasing. Overall, it has been a great phone that suits our needs. Best of all, this phone was purchased on Amazon for $149.99!

A lot of disturbance when talking on the phone.  It's as if the phone has a lot of technical problems. Other than the bad reception the phone is ok.

I bought this phone after getting fed up with my old Samsung Exhibit II 4G. I wanted a phone that was faster (didn't freeze for 5 seconds before opening an application or making a call), with a screen that I could actually see in direct sunlight, and a battery that lasted more than 14 hours.The Samsung Galaxy Light is fantastic on all of the dimensions. Very fast and responsive with excellent battery life. LTE connectivity, which the Exhibit II didn't have, is an great plus. All for $60 less than the old phone. At $120, you can't find a better deal.I've had this for about a week now and am very happy.

Great purchase so far. I wanted an affordable unlocked phone that would fit my needs, and it has exceeded my expectations.  It does everything a smartphone should, at a very affordable price.  I looked at older (used) versions of other phones that were top of the line (or close to it) a couple or so years back, but decided to get something with more current technology. I think I made the right choice, as it won't age as quickly over time (in a relative sense).  I don't need or want the extra bells and whistles that come with a more costly phone, and this has been just right for me.

It's a good phone. My wife likes it.My wife got the phone in two days and the phone was in perfect condition.

I got tired of using expensive phones on an expensive service (Nexus/Rezound on Verizon) and decided to try T-Mobile and the Light out. This phone (while not a Nexus) is awesome. It's cheap enough to be &#34;disposable&#34; in case it breaks, it runs smooth, the battery lasts me all day with regular use w/ wifi on all day (some days 54% by end of day), and it's the perfect size. I'm also what you'd consider an &#34;expert&#34; user, considering I write android apps. The only con with the phone is the camera... it's decent, but not awesome. Do yourself a favor and save a ton of money. I'm sure you'll love this phone like I have.

Right sized phone. Pocket friendly. It's a Samsung, like my Galaxy Tab 2, so I knew what to expect - good quality.It's an Android, so you can configure just about anything. I set mine to GSM network only, no mobile data, and I use wifi for my data connection.My display is at ~ 60% brightness. I also disabled bluetooth, nfc, sync, gps etc. I'm using about 35% battery every 24 hours with moderate use. With light use I should get several days.The screen is amazing for a 480 x 800 LCD. The user interface is smooth. The 1.4 Ghz quad core CPU is fast but steps down to 400 Mhz when idle to conserve the battery.You can disable the bloatware, and move some apps to an SD card. Also, this phone has a removable battery and a micro SD card slot. Big pluses for me (The Moto G lacks these features).The home button wakes up the phone, so you don't have to reach for the power button. Nice. Also you can configure calls so the home button answers and the power button disconnects. Nice and easy, even in sunlight.The negatives, well there is no notification LED so you have to handle the phone periodically to see if you missed any calls (but the notifications do show on the lock screen). Also the phone is a fingerprint magnet. The battery cover really shows smudges. I guess I'll need to get a case.It uses a micro sim, I found a template on the internet and trimmed my previous phones mini sim to fit. No problems. Otherwise it does come with a new micro sim, you just have to go through the hassle of activating it. To do so, you need to go to a T-Mobile store or call them, web support seems non-existent. Your phone number, account balance, etc, all stays intact.I'm on the T-Mobile Pay as you Go plan. I use WiFi for data. Like I stated earlier, I set my phone to GSM only (saves battery) and enabled WiFi. Battery life is exceptional in this mode.Great buy here at amazon. It came in a T-Mobile retail box with phone, charger, micro sim card, and manuals. Probably the best buy you can get in this price range. Overall I'm happy.UPDATE: I purchased case for this, it's a TPU Smoke colored semi-transparent one. Cost me ~ $6 on e-bay, fits the phone well, and actually makes the phone easier to hold (adds a little grip). After receiving it, I also purchased one here on amazon (Eagle Cell - blue) so I have a replacement.

I was going to buy this same phone from T-mobile, but saw it on amazon for much cheaper.  I had an old phone with an old large sim card and worried that something wouldn't work about the transaction, but it worked out great.  I got the phone quickly.  It was sealed in an official T-Mobile box and included a new simcard that I changed over online.  Great phone and great price.

I was about to buy the S-3 when the T-Mobile rep. introduced me to this phone.  Luckily, they had run out of S-3s at that point!  All the features you need for a third of the price.  Not only that... while I like the idea of a larger screen, those larger phones are a pain to carry.  This phone has the perfect size.  Better yet, t-Mobile sells them for $240, and I got it from Amazon for $170.  The phone works perfectly, great sound, fast, with all the bells and whistles of the larger, more expensive Galaxy phones... at least, the ones I care about.  I love some features like the call over wi-fi, which solved the reception issues I was having indoors.  Overall, I am really, really happy with this phone.... and so far, with T-Mobile, having recently switched from Sprint.

We bought this phone so that my husband could have an inexpensive upgrade to his phone that would bring him into the smart phone revolution. I own a Galaxy II, and we can tell no difference in terms of the two phones' functionalities. In fact, even though my phone has been upgraded to the latest Android operating system, it runs more slowly and &#34;buggier&#34; than this phone does. This slimmed down Galaxy is inexpensive, runs fast, and handles all the apps that a person needs on a regular basis. Would definitely recommend.

it is locked to T-mobile and they won't give you the sim pin.  I called and tried and they would not give me the code.  I am with ATT and this phone is useless unless to me and for anyone not with T-mobile, unless you can get that pin.

Bought it as a gift for my wife.  She is happy with no issue with the phone so far.  battery is out daily as expected.  price was reasonable.  overall, the cell phone is easy to use for her.

My first smart phone i  gotta say i love it.Very fast and the battery life last me all day.

I haven't owned this long enough to say anything about it longevity but as far as everything else it really is top quality, it had at least 90%of the features that I want nfc bright/vivid screen(looks likes hd almost it's so vivid) and not that I'm using it right now 4g Lte(only wifi on the $100 a year prepaid plan)all perfect for me oh forgot about the 8 gb which is plenty with the sd card for pics,  music,  and even for the apps(I hear that's going away on 4.4 kitkat too bad that was always one of androids best features imo). Also the 1.2ghz quad core is super fast to me but another half gig of ram would've helped but that's just picking besides that would've upped the price no doubt and really$150 is the best you can do on a decent smart phone and this appeared to me to be as top of the line as we could afford sigh I can only dream of 5in screens. My wife has had this phone since Christmas and has loved it every since(I loved it from afar for about three months til I got my own). If out lasts me about a year I'll be grateful and maybe ready to move on though as nice as it is it would be hard to justify buying a new one, but that is what I said about my 3gs a year ago so. .. they get so old so fast. Right now I'm perfectly content to stay with it and don't miss the iPhone features half as much as I thought I would doubly since I installed Adobe flash with dolphin browser perfect for watching those Amazon Prime videos. There's just nothing really bad I can say about the phone I love it thanks Samsung!Update 6/22/14: After having this phone for 3 months I still have to say it's the best little phone for the money, but with that in mind it is little and if you have big hands like I do it can be a little hard to squeeze in if you have big hands. Coming from an Iphone 3gs it's huge but after having a opportunity of using a 4.5 in screen I can say it makes a difference if you have big hands. However that doesn't detract from the phone at all if fact the software is far superior to my year and a half old ics 4.5" (love jelly bean) Still staying at a strong 5 star review love this phone! Btw wife still likes after 6 monthsThank you for reading my review and pls rate as helpful if it was.

The screen is a bit smaller then my previous phone (HTC 3D) but the screen is sharper. It has a quad core processor that is fast. Has around 5GB of internal memory free and you can add a micro SD card to expand that. The phone has a very smooth feel with no sharp edges or corners. It has a physical home button that I like. I have not had the Phone long enough to comment on the battery or T-Moble service.

I switched over from the HTC Amaze.  The HTC Amaze died soon after a submitted my $650 payment; it no longer recognized the Sim card.  I did a Google search and discovered this was a common problem with the HTC One as well.  Anyway, the Samsung Galaxy Light does the job and it's much more affordable.  I mostly use it for texting, checking email, mapping directions and idling on Facebook.  Sometimes doing a simple Google search takes a while.  This may seem silly to some, but the thing I like most about the Samsung Galaxy Light is that it fits comfortably in my hand and takes up minimal space in my purse.

People CANNOT hear me while in SPEAKERPHONE. For me the number one feature on a cellphone is the speakerphone and this phone was supposed to replace my old and trusty Blackberry Pearl 8120. Bought one from Amazon and my sister another one from Univision Mobile and both ones turned out DEFECTIVE so we RMAed both phones. So be careful and check yours while you're on time to return it. In my case, that was the first thing I've tried right out the box and it failed on me then I tried endless settings for the speakerphone to work and nothing. The seller sent me quick a prepaid label and everything was solved nice and smoothly.

Has some technical issues, but over all ok.

Great value for the money. It has capabilities very similar to a more expensive smart phone. Good reception and call quality.

Bought 2 phones. One still working fine. The other totally stopped working, won't power on. Outside seller warranty. Told me to deal with Samsung. Haven't dealt with it yet. Frustrating. Would be easier if they would just replace the phone instead of making me go to the manufacturer over a minor technicality.

Bought this as a test device for work.  It seems to be as full-featured as, say, a Galaxy S3 or maybe even S4, but is enough smaller that it fits in the hand much better.  It is much easier to manipulate and type a text message one-handed with my thumb, where the S4 is next to impossible without mis-keying.  I buy and use a LOT of different devices and use an S4 (i9505) on a daily basis.  This device is definitely a bit slower than the standard S4, but I would not say prohibitively so.If you are looking for an Android device that is more hand-friendly, this is a good choice.Note that it is optimized for the T-Mobile network, so check the available radio bands if you plan to take it to another carrier.

Great phone.  I already had the Samsung Galaxy S Duos, so I got this one for my son and he loves it.

Definitely the best choice for me. I frequently use maps, radio apps, email, calendars, dropbox, and internet browsing; and all work perfectly fine. I used to have a samsung galaxy exhibit, which seemd on face value a very similar deal (cheaper end of smart phone) but in fact this was beyond comparison. This one noticably has a much better processor: it is much faster navgating between apps, and despote intensive use, it hasn't frozen on me yet after more than a month now. You occasionally may have to wait a 10th of a second before you can take a picture, the photo quality is also not as good as on higher-end smart phones, and those are probably my main criticisms. But what do you want for less than a quarter of the proce of an S3 or iphone 5?

The one from T-Mobile was, on sale too. I guess we will be buying a 3rd one for the 90+ year old parents. It is the Voice over Wi-Fi that is so great (as T-Mobile advertises: actually, &#34;mVoIP&#34; for mobile voice over the Internet) ...can call anywhere in the world I guess. Why 90+ old parents want this...friends in London. They don't have a great cell connection in their condo, but a GREAT Wi-Fi connection makes the difference!

Good:  LTE, right size, Android Jelly Bean, good battery life if you turn off GPSNegative: Resolution nothing special and display poor compared to an iphone 5Overall: Happy with purchase, reliable phone

If you don't need all those extra frills, this can't be beat for the price.  It doesn't have a ton of memory but again works great. Everything I need in a phone.

I not a good person to put a review with phones because i just use it for calls (not into apps, text, etc.), but it seems to serve my purpose very well.

I previously had an LG P999 android and I wanted to upgrade to a newer version of Android so I purchased this unit.  It has worked great for me.  For the price point, it performs better than the previous phone - but not as fast as newer phones on the market.  Battery life is good for me, there are several modes to control that on the device.  Good volume levels.  I like this phone so much I may order one for my wife.

For the features (quad-core, decent camera, 4G LTE in most cities, etc.), this is a great smartphone. No updates to OS when I received it (1/2014), so still at Android 4.2.2. Introduces &#34;Blocking mode&#34;, where it allows 'quiet time', like you see in Cyanogen mod OSes. The screen has really minor backlight bleeding on the top, but the screen is bright and looks really good, almost IPS quality (I hear it is TN) -- really, the screen looks good.So, for the price, you do get crappy resolution and is not as girthy as the more expensive Galaxy smartphones. But, amazingly, the screen looks really good.WiFi calling and ability to accept 64GB microSD card rounds-out the features.Looking for a cheap, fast, and 4G LTE smartphone? This is the one to get.

Horrible phone. For a quad core CPU phone with ample ram and expanded storage ud think u hit the jackpot. This thing runs slower than a 486 with all the bloat on it. It takes several seconds to accomplish anything on this thing. Navigating items can be a test in endurance. T-Mobile is also the only one that hasn't update their firmware to KitKat yet. Halve the time I want to throw this thing against a wall out of poor frustration

For the price, this is the best phone out there!

Have been using this phone for a while now and so far it's great. Hardware specs are good enough to run it without hiccup. The screen is just the right amount of large for a pocket friendly phone. One complaint is its very slippery, so recommend buying a cover. This phone is not for heavy gaming or reading for a long time (drains battery fast) but a good alternative to more expensive and brick size Galaxy's.

When connected to wifi the contact app crashes. T-Mobile doesnt have a solution to this bug. A web search revealed this isn't an isolated problem.

It started out great, got good signal, but before a month was up, it showed 4 bars, but I couldn't text or call:( had great potential.

Love the phone! Bought this for $120 plus $20 one day shipping For the price, it is a great product! If you're looking for a simple smartphone, this is the way to go!

This phone comes loaded with bloatware. Nothing works without first having to ask Google or Samsung for permission (and give your account credentials). Applications crash frequently. Touch response is sluggish. Camera is slow. Configuration is deliberately obtuse. Battery life is pathetic. Speakers are weak.This phone might be decent if you install a different version of Android but out-of-the-box it is a complete piece of garbage. Do not buy this phone.

Phone appears to be in great shape (Brand New). I ordered two of these and both are awesome. However, the 4 stars is for the USB charger of one of the units, it was DOA.  The USB Cable works but the charger that plugs into the wall does not work.

March 7 Update:  Sadly the warm fuzzy feeling I had for this phone as gone cold.  The biggest issue I have is that the phone is very slow.  For example, I will touch the screen to make a "one-touch" call to have it take 2 seconds to decide what to do.  Very frustrating.  This slow processing is even more irritating when trying to use the GPS/navigation tool(s).  I'm not one for tons of photos and/or apps so I can't imagine what is slowing the phone down.  Lastly, whoever decided to put the control buttons on the left & right in the exact location should get the non-genius award.  What happens is while you are trying to adjust the volume with your index finger you turn the phone off with you thumb accidentally and vice versa.  Just a bad design.(Original review - January 2014)Believe it or not I actually returned the Galaxy 4s for this phone.  After seeing the Galaxy 4s Mini I fell in love with the smaller size but was sadden that T-Mobile would not be carrying the phone.  So after reading several glowing reviews on this I decided to give it a try.  I've heard it described as a mini version of the Galaxy III.  Anything is better than the old HTC I had, I love the size and display.  It also takes decent pictures/videos and has many features that I liked on the 4s without the $600 price tag.  I am a T-Mobile customer so I didn't have any problem activating this phone.  My one complaint - the phone service/signal doesn't seem to be as strong.  I find myself not able to make calls (unless using WiFi) in certain areas which never were a problem before.  That doesn't happen too often so overall "I like it."  I have a modern device that works well for a great price.

I hadn't upgraded my phone in years.  I really love the phone.It has made my texting ability soar.  I am still learning thephone, but I love everything I have discovered about thephone.  I recommend this phone to anybody. Delivery cameas promised.

I read the reviews on this phone before purchasing it and think they hold true. The camera is not the best quality, but it does the job if you're in to posting on Instagram or Facebook. I like that it is speedy and has quite a bit of space.

Got this phone because we have 2 other Samsung Galaxy Lights in our home. Works great so far. Holds charge for 2 days with normal use.

Before this phone I had an LG L9, which I loved. Then it broke and I was really close to getting another one; the one drawback to that phone was the lack of storage space, though. So I gained a lot more storage space with this phone, with the only drawback being the smaller screen. I do a lot of reading on my phone (as in, books on the Kindle app) so I was concerned about the smaller screen. Now that I'm used to it though, I don't even think about it. I like it much better than my old L9, and it pretty much is just like the Samsung Galaxy S (III, I think? my fiance has the normal sized one but I can't recall which version) except with a much cheaper price tag. I'm quite happy with my purchase.

Works brilliantly on T-mobile. Compared to the husband's S4, it's nearly as good,  and way less expensive. Camera takes great pictures, Swype keyboard responds well, nice size, even in a small hard shell case.

Thus far, I am enjoying it.  Let us wait. Honeymoon is not over, yet. As I said before, let us wait a bit or two.

Purchased as a replacement phone when the old one went into the pool...Shipped quickly...easy to use:)Great price/perfect size

I like this smartphone. It das everything I need. Very reliable. Good battery.

This phone is a good alternative to those other &#34;CONTINENT&#34; sized phones Samsung has to offer. Too bad they couldnt put the same processor in it as the galaxy s4. Its shows the occasional lag but a quick restart can cure that.

worked perfect

Bought 2 of these for half of what T mobile sells them for in the store. Got them for teenage daughters, and they love them! Great starter smart phone! Phones are fast and responsive, and from what I've read are on caliber of the Galaxy S3 in performance.

This phone was not much more than what it replaced, yet is probably 10 times as fast. A super bargain!

I had wanted Samsung Galaxy Light with external MicroSD memory instead i recieved one with internal memmory.I would have like to return it for an exchange with the one with an external memory

Worked great, quick ship, no problems.

i am thinking of getting this phone.  Is it unlocked so i can use my Chinese sim card in it?  And my UK sim?

I bought this phone to use with T-Mobile's Pay-As-You-Go service and to take the place of my dying iPod Touch as a PDA. It's my first smartphone and I am totally satisfied. It does all of the PDA things my iPad Touch did and works whenever I need to use it to make or receive calls. I bought 1000 talk minutes for $100 and have a year to use them. If at the end of a year I still have minutes left I have only to top up my minutes with a $10 purchase and the original minutes plus the new ones are good for another year. We are definitely low usage callers so I'll have minutes left over and will only need to spend $10 a year going forward. The phone itself is a typical Android device and has every conceivable app available, many free of charge. I use it to listen to music (with Winamp) and free audiobooks from the library (with Overdrive) and was already using Gmail and Google Calendar, so all of that synced up with no hassle. The voice quality is good and the speaker phone is loud enough that I have to turn the volume down a notch. The screen is sharp and bright and battery drain is moderate: if I turn the phone off at night the battery is good for a couple of days. I've had an Android tablet for more than a year so the learning curve for the phone was not very steep. All in all this was a good purchase at a very good price and will serve me for some years. My only issue in the beginning was getting the phone to recognize my T-Mobile account. It turns out, not surprisingly, that it's not enough to just insert the new SIM card in the new phone. But a quick call to T-Mobile support fixed that no time. Since then it's been clear sailing.

Iam very satisfied with this phone it deserve a 5 star rating I willbhighly recxommend this phone to the next person!

A Plus for the battery life i used to get 14hrs of spotify continuous usage with bluetooth streamingA Plus for the guts considering the price,  lte,  quad core processor,  nfc, 5mp camera,  big battery.A Minus for Samsungs poly plastic...  It's sooo slippery and finger print magnet  lg beats them by a mile in this category  ex: lg l9, lg f3A Plus is the screen bright,  nice colors,  ok viewing angles for a $150..Definitely,  a good choice for the 1st timer smartphone buyer,  or a small spare..  If you want to go out and party without carrying a big o note 33

Having bought several different android prepaid phones, this is probably the slowest one.  It will hesitate sometimes up to 5 or 6 seconds before it opens the app or the keyboard, or whatever else I am doing.  Can get pretty frustrating.  Overall it is a good phone, but it is just under powered.

This is my first smart phone and I am so delighted that I choose the Galaxy light.It was a little learning experience to use it but still easier then I thought.I highly recommend this phone and system.

Compared to the S3 it is much alike but the size and price, quite fast and reliable, the internet speed is amazing.

This phone is great its smaller then I expected but I love it..it has alot of features n the camera works gooooood. The flash is bright just like I like it im very satisfied with my phone

I'm so happy they finally came out with new quality phone that isn't a giant and is super affordable considering it includes nearly all the latest functions comparable to the Galaxy S4. I snagged it for $150 on Amazon Prime.I love the convenience I get using Google Now and the voice recognition system. have not been able to compare it to many other phones, but for sure, it's way faster than my old Galaxy S 4G, and I haven't had any trouble multi-tasking between web browsers, youtube, fb, tumblr, calendars, etc... Not lightning fast, but fast enough.The battery life lasts me until night with about 17 hours of varying usage throughout the day, which is new for me. The camera's okay for taking photos, not great by any means. The display is very nice to look at with great color saturation in whatever kind of lighting; by the specs, it's not the highest resolution,  but I don't feel like I'm missing anything. I'm not an audiophile,  but I can't imagine a better phone speaker. It's deafening when playing music at max volume in a small room, without distorting the sound as much as you might expect.This is my first detailed review, and I'm not a techie by any means, but I appreciate this phone (and its price) so much that I just wanted to give y'all my perspective.

Very happy with the  phone. It has many of the same features as the more expensive  Galaxys, but not the price. Good Phone.

UPDATE: After reading a comment from a very helpful person that was posted to another reviewer with the same signal problems, I changed some settings and voila, I have bars now nearly everywhere in the house, and better WiFi too. So, I'm not sending the phone back just yet. I've been able to work out some of my earlier issues and will now see how it goes for awhile. The lack of signal was a major issue but is now better.For those of you with same issue this may help: Go to settings, network connections, "more networks," and "wifi calling."  while it can be marked "yes," click on "connection preferences" and make sure "cellular network preferred" is checked if you want to primarily work off your cell service. For some reason, this had been checked "wifi preferred" (I wonder if this is the default?) and was actually zapping my cell signal in the house. As soon as I changed to "cellular" preference the signal bars went up--way up. Problem solved for now. I was also able to download the 2 apps I wanted (then promptly turned off Google), work with the widgets, etc., so I'm much happier. As I don't like Bluetooth headsets, I got a microphone headset with on/off which works perfectly and allows me hands-free calling in the car, if I really need to talk to someone. Mostly though, this phone can send a text message that I'm not available when I'm driving, so that's good.So it's all good. Except the design. Still can't figure why anyone designed this with the power button and volume button directly opposite of each other, at the top of the phone where your fingers naturally hit them constantly.I wrote this earlier:So here are the good features, so far:1. My text messages now have a thread so I can see past texts I'm replying to. Yes, my previous phone was just that old.For those who already have this feature, this is nothing new for you.2. Better internet access than before (my old phone did have internet access).3. Larger screen than my old 2.5 x 1.5 screen.4. Email capable (old phone was not)5. Front facing camera. Others have said it's not a very good camera but I took photos with it and they're fine.6. Size. I'm not at all fond of the large clunky phones and am thinking that more people will want to go back to something smaller again that fits in a hand, a purse, a pocket. This is a perfect size.For those of you who already have a newer smart phone the above are probably not pluses for you, or make no difference.The camera is exactly the same as my older camera, video is the same (same phone manufacturer) so those don't matter in my assessment.NEGATIVES:1. As other reviewers have stated, the design of this phone is ridiculous. After reading the reviews I somehow decided that the buttons would be fine for me. HA! While I like the smaller footprint of the phone, what was Samsung thinking putting the volume button directly opposite the power button and putting them both at the top of the phone? The natural position of your fingers while holding this phone make these locations untenable for most needs. You hit the volume key (which also makes text size bigger) and end up turning off your phone or putting it to sleep. You open an app and your finger, while cradling your phone, accidentally closes the app because of the power button position. You constantly have to think about exactly where your fingers are placed on this phone to make sure you don't accidentally hit one of those 2 keys, or both at the same time, while you're working with an app, a call, etc.2. I'm looking through the owner manual to see how to make the tap features less sensitive because just holding the phone can end up hitting menu functions that mess things up. I haven't found one so if you even breath on the "back" portion of the phone you'll lose either your app or your place.3. The phone freezes. I suddenly lost access to the keyboard and after calling TM I ended up having to turn the phone all the way off and restart before I could get the keyboard back.Personally undesirable feature, GOOGLE:This actually has nothing to do with the phone but with my personal preferences: I don't like Google and didn't realize just how monopolizing Google made Samsung phones. My old Samsung could download apps from the internet w/o Google Play, this one can't. You HAVE to have a Google Gmail account to download anything and/or other Google invasive functions do just many things on this phone. It took me a long time to figure out how to make Ixquick my default browser and the phone still has problems with it. I disabled Google from running mostly, which will disable many features. I can turn Google play off, which I did after the app downloads and thankfully payment can be made directly through your Tmobile account, so that's good.

I got this for my wife as her first Smartphone. It was the perfect option.First off she has small hands, so the smaller screen that say the Calaxk S4 or the HTC One is a benefit rather than a problem.You do lose some features for the ultra low sub $200 price tag. But they shouldn't be deal breakers for the price.The most immediate thing you will notice missing is an LED notification light. Nothing blinks when you have a message or when it's charging. But again, at several hundred dollars less than most smart phones, so freakin' what?If you are a phone nerd that likes to modify your device and play with custom software, this might not be the phone for you. I am such a nerd and I have a Galaxy S4. The Galaxy Light wouldn't be a great option for me. But for my wife who hates messing with software like that who just wanted a reliable and high quality Smartphone this is an absolute winner.It does have a removable battery and expandable storage via external SD cards. So it does have the ability to let it grow with your needs and to swap out the battery cheaply and easily if yours dies. None of that paying a Genious at the Apple store a bunch of money to swap the battery out for you. Just buy a new one for like $10 and toss it in there.I promise you will be impressed by how much this phone looks, feels, and performs like it's a $400 $500 device, all for less than $200.

At first, I was skeptical about this phone as I thought it might have been used.  But it isn't.  It is BRAND NEW as it states.  The photo shows the phone out of the box which I thought was misleading and such a low price.  Nevertheless, the phone is awesome.  It ranks between a S3 mini and a S4 mini.  I tested it side by side with my S3 and the scores were fairly close (the S3 beat it by a smidge).Folks that did tests with the phone say that the resolution isn't a good as the S3, but I beg to differ - it is bright and looks sharp!You can easily get it and activate it on T-Mobile (it comes with a T-Mobile SIM card), and T-Mo's MVNO owned MetroPCS which operates on the same network.  I believe you can also activate it on SimpleWireless as well, but I don't think they offer LTE.  Overall, a great purchase and definitely recommend!
