
It's a really good phone. Not many lags. HD. Totally surpassed my expectations. Only problem is that it doesn't send multimedia messages? Maybe it's just my phone plan with walmart's smarttalk. Overall, I really love this phone and my friends love it too! It's super sexy and lightweight compared to my other phones (iPhone, Samsung note 2) But yeah it's pretty premium-feeling and definitely worth the price for something that's unlocked. Also, the headphones that come with it are so amazing.

Shockingly Awesome!! I've had many many many smartphones the past couple years and I've tended to hover near Apple products- but this thing blew the socks off me!! It's a 5&#34; display device that actually fits in the hand! Built well, runs flawless- comes with everything you need (case, screen protector, earbuds, etc...) out of the box! This thing runs better than any &#34;samsung&#34; android I've had 10 to 1!! With a 5&#34; display with a 441ppi- you find another phone that can beat that for the price! Mad the camera?? Holy smokes Batman!! I took a picture of a plant and later zoomed up on it and what-do-ya know?! A flipping tiny bug was crawling up the stem and the camera caught it clear as day! For any iPhone users who don't have the money to shell out $700 for a flagship- look no further! This has a lot of mimicked gestures that you love and are use to.. I give this &#128077;&#128077;&#128077;

VERY GOOD PHONE. I BOUGHT THAT TO MY SOON AND HE LIKES . IT IS VERY NICE THE STYLE.

Its good could have more memory and better case for phone. Smart or air gestures don't workas good. 4glite speeds

Battery life is poor. I've had two other blu phones, the studio and the life view and was always impressed with their battery life...however,  this phone battery is the worst...the phone also doesn't stay connected to Bluetooth. And while on Bluetooth will play video and audio music or music over it's phone call, which is weird...And the GPS doesn't work well. I'm torn because I really like the blu brand but this phone is a disappointment and I had my a SIM card cut down to a mini SIM size to accommodate this phone, and may just end up going back to the view in which I'll need a standard size SIM. I'm quite perturbed at this whole matter, but I have requested a refund abd will be sending this phone back. Costs too much not to work properly as advertised...

I purchased this phone two months ago and so far no problems. I read a lot of reviews on this phone and got me curious so i got one. i turned of or disable a lot of apps on this phone to save on batt and keep plenty of ram free for other things. This phone runs smooth and is fast. I like the graphics and the sound quality. There are some things i'm a lil disappointed on like no sd card so it make transferring of my music files slow via blue tooth. Its light in weight for in size. I didn't use any of the smart gestures features. Its good to know that they are there. The other thing i don't like about the phone is the accessories i can't find any. After i disable a lot of the apps that i know i don't use the batt last me 2 days i watch videos listen to music ,text take pics and play games on it. What i like the most about it its compatible to my mac i can transfer files with ease and back up my files as well. Over all i love this phone just wondering when they gonnna come out with better cases for this phone.

This is my review based of couple of days using it. I had to return the first one from the buyer I purchased because there were some black dots (2-3) so I thought was the pixels issues. Got another one had same black dot around exact place. Looks like it's a dust that is already in the screen protector for some reasons.This phone is for people who likes to change phone every year. Its cheap (compared to many other of similar caliber), and you don't mind giving it or selling it or even you damaged it. Functionality wise it seems to be built quite good. Although I wouldn't give it a 4 or 5 star. may be 3 and half star. So if you are looking for some phone to last for many years, this is not the one for you.It is fast, very close to my Samsung Galaxy S4 active. The phone is quite light when compared to others. This is my choice. But for others it might feel cheap. I am using it T-Mobile and I have no problem using it.System wise It has couple of nice features that even my Samsung doesn't have or maybe I didn't see.Will definitely  choose this phone over Samsung Galaxy S4 if I have to pay from my pockets ( my company bought me the S4).Comes with some extra stuff, but the case is extremely light thin and fits perfectly. It is great because you won't find the case in the market easily that fits this phones.The phone is little bigger in size ( in length) than S4 because of spacing in top and bottom around 1/4 inch.Will update more features as I use it more. BTW, camera is good, cannot tell the difference between S4 and this

This smartphone is amazing, actually has more than many Devices in your line on the market.totally recommended. It's great!!!

The phone is excellent. Display is awesome, speakers are great, loud, the earbuds that comes with it are fantastic. Its a good phone with a good price. 13 mega Pixel camera on the back is also good. It shoots really fast. The front facing camera is also good specially for video chatting because its a 5mp.

The phone is ok,but i had problems with the screen, the &#34;T&#34; and &#34;G&#34; letters dont work..i had to return the item, but is kidda difficult for me because I bought it from ECUADOR, and now i have to pay an international UPS to deliver the item. and i have to pay por for the taxes of importations.i lost like 100 usd buying and returning the phone!!I am really desapointed!!

The phone works great, reasonable battery life, camera is O.K and the images could be little more crisper.the phone is Slim and looks great in design.

I was looking for smart phones for me and my wife, but did not want the $600+ phones.. I use at&t prepaid and was looking for an unlocked phone...was looking around on different websites when stumbled on BLU phones. I had never heard of this company but read critics & user reviews, which were encouraging. Our main criteria was around $300 phones,good screen size and good camera. And BLU LIFE PURE had all of those, at least on paper. Then saw 16 encouraging reviews on Amazon and ordered a Black last week. We were very happy. Excellent 5" screen size and the phone is fast. The 13mp camera is very good in daylight and OK indoors. For indoor photos there seems to be grains. But overall they are good. I used the Black one for around 2 days and was happy on all aspects. The battery life is good. Around 2-3 hrs of internet use drained approximately 22% of the battery life. I don't know what's good standard in this, but the battery went for 2 days and still not fully discharged. I was and happy and ORDERED THE 2ND PHONE, this time a White. Now I have 2 Life Pure, within a span of 1 week. I like the white more than black & I am using the White one (I am male). Hope this helps others to make a decision.

This Is The Perfect Phone ! Better Than The Iphone ' This Phone Have So Much Things For A Low Price. I Recommend People Should Get This Phone ; I Don't Care If The Phone Have Poor Battery Life Or No LTE Or Sd Card Slot - This Phone Is Cheap But Have Better Things Than The Samsung Galaxy S4 ! Yall Should Really Get This Phone &#128077;&#128076;&#128079;

It blows my expectation away.  The phone is so beautiful and has so many nice features that amaze me.I just slipped my SIMM in it and it works right away.  The delivery was also right on time and the seller sent an email asking if there is something to let them know.  Good costumer service we call this.This is a seller that can expect me to come back for more business.Tumb up and a 5 star.

stay away from blu phones. PLEASE they are terrible and the  service is worse. Phone broke after 6 mos. Warranty takes 2 months to get your phone back

Love the phone, very good bang for your buck. Camera is great but isn't as advanced as how my iPod touch 5th gen cameras were but I'll live.Cons:BLU's customer service kinda sucks and is extremely slow with new Android updates and my only major problem with this phone is the battery life. I have used up 35% under 2 hours.

I had this phone for 3 months, time to write a review.This phone is a great deal, and even after loading a reasonable amount of software the phone is still fast and responsive with several apps running in the background.+ fast phone+ looks great+ lots of storage+ accessories include a good earpiece, decent screen protector and a cheap case= battery lasts about one day when I call and browse- no microSD slot

Phone is a little flimsy (corners dent easily),  but light enough to prevent major damage when dropped 1-3 ft. OS not very impressive - no widgets,  which I didn't think I would miss. I am eagerly awaiting Blu's seemingly forever away upgrade to Kitkat...I hate the music player on this phone -  there is no obvious way to change song info,  album or artist grouping. The more music I obtain,  the more my library is a jumbled mess.The camera is spectacular and I love how easy it is to go from idle to shooting pics.Performance has been great so far - Temple Run 2 works nearly flawlessly.Texting had been fine,  although I am a one - thumb Swyper so I had to download SwiftKey.Battery life is great -  I am a moderately heavy user and am used to charging daily.As for the OS not being impressive - I can't seem to get over not having widgets. Quickly finding an app among all the others can be difficult to do and finding Google for a quick search is almost always more annoying than it should be. Although, I doubt Kitkat will fix my issue with this. Perhaps I will get used to it.Overall,  I am glad I got this phone mainly for thesize , performance, camera and price.  I do miss true Android features and some customization but am happy for now. Looking forward to Kitkat,  Blu!

10/10 would chinkphone again

the phone is exceptional for its price.Do explain why you liked or disliked it.Do compare to similar products or services and share how long you've used this product.Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your expectations.Don't describe your seller or shipping experience (you can do that at amazon.com/feedback).Don't include promotional content of any kind or reviews written in exchange for compensation.

Mom loved it!

This phone is Gionee Elife E6. I think they renamed their product. This phone is good, but its hardware is out-date (June 2013)The battery is very bad, I can't use it even in 1 day. Blu Life Pure XL is the better choice, with more 50 bucks.

Bang for the buck there is a lot of room fro improvements and deff needs updates other than that its been great

The 5 inch screen on this phone is great, Sound is very good, build quality is great, but launcher they have on this phone is not verygood but launchers from the play store fix this problem so in all a good phone for the money and a hundred bucks cheaper than aNexus 5 with the same 32 g storage.I like the screen on this better than the Galaxy S4 I had.

I hadn't heard of BLU before and was a little skeptical at first, but the specs and the fact that it's unlocked swayed me from more expensive competitors and I decided to give it a try - and I'm so glad I did - I love this phone. Easy to use, the large screen is just gorgeous and great for emails and videos, the camera is pretty darn awesome, and it actually has fairly good battery life with the display brightness turned down and vibration turned off. I'm using it with a T-Mobile pre-paid plan and the coverage is great and the speed is awesome. My tech savvy brother is already planning on buying one.

It 's very nice but 3g, 4g too slow while use in Vietnam. I don't know what's wrong. Stronng model

I had the iPhone 4s with verizon but.going to school full time was hard to keep up with the expensive phone bill. I switched to T-mobile and had a previous phone before this. That phone didn't last be a year,Nokia lumia 521. I looked for a month before I finally decided on this phone. I've had it for about three weeks now. And I haven't have one issue- this phone is AMAZING! The only down fall is it doesn't receive group message if they are from iPhone. Everything else on this phone is excellent. I would recommend this phone over the iPhone any day.

The seller and the phone itself are great, the build quality is outstanding. All at a reasonable price as well, the only problem i had with the device was the weird custom UI that barely resembled Android and the fact that BLU is notorious for not updating their phones after manufacturing them. Other than that, this phone is a great buy.

It was a good phone for 3 weeks now it freezes and won't turn on. So I guess I should tell you not to get it.

DID not work well with My T- Mobile service.. had spotty service if At all... and constantly  locked up thinking about the next process...I returned within 30 Days of Reciept, after having tried to work with it and finally gave up...

This phone would not power on whatsoever it has a built in battery and the seller told me to change the battery made completely no sense to me but I ended up paying the same amount just to get the phone fix as I didn't even want to be bothered with the wait time again, the least the could have done was refunded half the amount, but Amazon is getting a lot like ebay with the scammers lately

I've looked online and it doesn't say it has 4G speeds, only 3G.

I love the phone but the first level of volume is too high and it cannot be adjusted...I cannot listen music with the earbuds....good for loud people!

Just got my phone and I'm living it. I have yet to put service on though I'm still playing around with it but I love everything about it. I just wish there were some cute phone cases for it.

its the phone in the world!!!no other phone can compare to thisBlu Life Pure world's bestthank you for making this phone

This phone was way much better than i could ever imagined and beyond.Don't be afraid, your buying one of the best phones in the market.

I like the phone , but the software  and the launcher are very bad , and the wall papers are very blurry and there is no fix for it at this time .!!How every I will buy it again when the fix the software.

This phone i bought from Breed was delivered a day earlier than Promised... Ligth weight and fits hand perfectly. Battery life is poor . Likes it all over.

Easy to use.  Very vibrant colors on screen.  Processes apps quickly.  Very light as well.  I have gotten very positive comments from friends and colleagues.

Great phone

I love the phone, I'm typing this with an iPhone, I totally love both quite the same, They both have things one another don't. Great smartphone for this in looking for a economic phone. This is a great buy and I was surprised of how much I payed for such a great device. Had it for a month and still works like a charm.

lets start off by sayingdo not waste your money on that phonevery unhappy with the product. I will not recommend to a friend or enemy do not by blu phones the only thing that's good for to use as a paperweight I never write reviewsbut I don't want nobody to buy that phone the waste of money.

I like this design phone. My friend loves it as much. After that I bought it again for my another friend.

This phone is amazing, super fast on T-Mobile, love the UI love the 1080p screen, love the cameras, everything is just perfect to me. I have found my permanent phone.

I love this phone. Its like an iPhone with android guts. The only bad thing is the battery does die fast but other than that it is very much so worth the money.

I've had this phone for a couple of months now and really liked it, so i bought another one for my mom for mothers day. Its an amazing phone for what it costs and I was happy enough with mine to make a second purchase, its definitely a phone worth buying if you need a phone that's unlocked and has decent specs compared to most other android smartphones

I brought this phone because my galaxy s 3 broke but when I tell you this phone is the best phone I have ever had the camera is so crystal clear the phone is a nice size and the speakers are very loud it is really an awesome phone. I buy things off Amazon all the time and I think this is the best electronic I have ever bought off of Amazon!!!! Buy buy buy!!!! Great price also! I will post a review on Instagram like I do with all my Amazon products that I purchased so follow me on instagram @chocolate_taste_better_  for a short video tutorial

This phone is amazing in almost all features. The only concern is battery Life, the battery is weak. They need to perform.

i have purchased the blu life pure and it is a great phone no problems and lets keep it that way it has alot of memory and battery lasts long time and has great feature and the price was right

No LTE makes this a bad choice at least here in the USA, for the same money you can get the One Plus One that has the same specs as the new S5 or HTC One M8. Maybe a year ago this would be a good deal for the size, screen and processor but for 300 and up things have changed in 2014 and if Motorola can give you LTE in a sub 200 dollar phone then Blu can do it. Also as another person mentioned this phone lacks a good enough gpu to push the pixels on this screen, another corner cut. You can't just put in a quad core, hd screen and 13 megapixel camera to try and pass your phone off as the same specs as an LG G2 then go cheap on everything else, one bad component ruins the whole experience.

I really like this new blu life pure its just what I needed and the price was just right. Its a good phone with all that I needed. The battery though is not so great, I wish it could last a bit longer. Great smartphone to have.

first of it have a 3d os 3d effects when swiping threw the screen  but i bought next launcher 3d  and  thats amazing definatly worth 20 dollers  it plays  dead trigger 2 that awsome 3d zombie game thats free  flawless ly and  i ahve a controller buy mogo  for it  i ahve many  full 1080p hs music videos and  movies i ripped off you tube  in mp4 formate this phone is best ever forget forign brands support usa  the 2 gig ram can run so many apps

Better life is bad. And most of function doesnot work properly. And most of file does not open and took more time

It is an excellent smartphone and the cost is low if one compare with other brands. I am very satisfied

Pros: The 2 G. of ram really makes a big different.Cons:  The WiFI sometimes needs to go into setting to make it active even if it is turned to &#34;on&#34; position, same with the blue-tooth.Blue-Tooth keeps disconnecting itself is another problem.

BLU  Exceeded expectations with this one, Would really love to see what's next. The only thing I would have as for is a dual sim version.

Great phone comes with many accessories worth the price, get's much attention, which I personally enjoy showing off !! thanks.

Phone is great and it comes with so many things like free case, earphones, screen protector.  I took some pictures inside which came out pretty awesome.This is my initial review. I will update more after few weeks of usage.

I had the Galaxy S4 and my daughter dropped it in water, so I purchased the BLU Pure Life as a replacement.  The volume quality is bad. With my earpiece I could barely hear the person on the other end so i switched to speaker and it became worse, not only could I barely hear them it was muffled.  Camera quality is just ok....and I am a huge cameraphone person; although it says 13mp the overall pic quality is average. Blu customer service is very helpful, but I have learned a lesson....unlocked phones are not for me.

IT'S NOT REALLY THE PHONE I THINK IT'S NOT THE GOOD ONE. i CAN NOT COMPARE THAT PHONE WITH SAMSUN GALAXY IT'S LIKE AN iPad BUT IT' S NOT,  SOON IT GONNA PUT ME IN TROUBLE

Sets you apart from the S' and the Iphones. Pictures are simply marvelous, graphics are beyond, sound is stellar( headphones come with a flat chord so it doesn't tangle). All I have on it is soundcloud, Iheart, whatsapp and officesuit pro so I haven't really put this mediatek processor to the test but so far, it does what its supposed to do.Its physical attributes are also to be reckoned with. Close your eyes and cop it.  You wont regret...Check the specs out for yourself.  [...]

Blu has always been known to have decent Android phones. With their Life series they raised the bar and with this Pure phone they hopped over the bar and landed on their two feet. Quad Core processor, 2GB of ram, and 32GB of storage.The phone itself is built like a champ. A solid 1 piece of polycarbonate encloses the phones massive 5 inch full hd display with IPS technology. The camera is 13mp on the back and boy does it shoot and take some good videos and pictures. Easily bests my Nexus 4's 8mp. The phone is slim and it feels really good in the hand. Like I said the build quality is fantastic.It has all the wireless you want, but with no NFC. 2.4 gHz bands for wifi only. GPS and bluetooth are here (4.0) So why did this only get 4 stars and not 5?Very simple. The GPU on this is two years old. The powerVR graphics card. Now that is not bad for a device with a 720p display or lower, but when you are pushing 440+ PPI, you need a more powerful one. The CPU is by Mediatek and truthfully, they make good processors. No complaints with that, but that GPU is a soar spot. There are two live wallpapers that I really like, and they would not run at all on this device. Just completely bogged down the phone. I know many people love FHD phones, but maybe this device should have had a 720pP display and not the FHD with this GPU. Otherwise excellent phone and I cannot wait to see what else Blu brings in the future. They also mentioned a 4.4 update coming by the end of Q2 2014. Worth a look.EDIT: March 3rd 2014. Friday I used it outside as a GPS. GPS satellites, and WiFI plus all the Google location permissions turned on and the phone for over 10 minutes could not pick up a precise location. After the 10 mins I just gave up. Returned the phone as Amazon did not have the white in stock per my return. Really a shame too, it is a really nice phone. Not sure if my unit was defective as per the GPS module, but I did in fact return it. Maybe later down the road when Amazon gets the white in stock, I'll pick up another one. Credit to Amazon's fantastic return policy and process.

Great so far, big but great. Need more info of who to use it, I mean the android version. I haven't explore all the capabilities.

Great device (looks great, good camera,...) only a little too big for me (I can't find a bag for it but fortunately I have the case that came with the phone).

So I've been looking at Android phones for a couple of weeks now - I'm an iPhone user since the first generation and have been an &#34;apple person&#34; since then.  I wanted to look at Android, gain a larger screen and have a lower cost option as a backup in case my iPhone 5s ever went down or was stolen.It took about a day to get the apps I was used to using on the iPhone from one of the android marketplaces (Amazon or Google), move over contacts and customize the look and feel of the device - once that was done I began to &#34;road test&#34; the phone for a few days to see if I could make a go of it and to see if or where there were any gaps in functionality or usability between what I was used to in iOS and Android.  In the first couple of days I was concerned that I may not be able to find some of the more critical apps I had been using on the apple device on android - with only a couple of exceptions (Amazon Prime Viewer, the Zmodo security camera viewer were really the only exceptions and those weren't deal breakers).The positives first:  The screen is large and in charge.  The display is very clear at most angles, the pixels per inch and off angle viewing IS impressive.  The layout of the physical buttons and capacitive options, home and back buttons are fine though the lighting of those buttons does go off after a short period of time - you probably won't notice after using the phone for any length of time so that's not really an issue.  The specs are decent - quad core processor, 2GB of RAM, etc.  I've had no issues with the device locking up or freezing.  The modified interface isn't that bad - I think that I would prefer stock Android and hopefully BLU won't make that many changes to KitKat when it becomes available for OTA update.  Since BLU isn't a top tier phone manufacturer they almost have to include screen protectors and covers - you're probably not going to find more than a couple options even on-line for this device.  I have the black version and it's a nice satin or mat finish - it doesn't attract finger prints and seems easy to clean when smudges do appear.  WiFi, Bluetooth, and cellular all seemed to work fine though artist, track, and album info doesn't display when BT streaming is done via spotify as other devices work in that area.Here's where the BLU LIFE PURE looses a star:  The cell data speed isn't full 4G (LTE) - this isn't a deal breaker in my opinion for a couple reasons - the first is many carriers only support 4G speeds in limited areas and with limited devices.  I'm on AT&T; and get pretty decent speeds with a Samsung Note 3 and Apple iPhone 5s - those are both top tier smartphones that would cost twice as much as the LIFE PURE off contract - the second reason is that in most places I'll be using this device I have access to WiFi.  I'd also ding the device a star for it's &#34;smallish&#34; battery and no option to replace it - 2000mAh probably won't work for even the most occasional use user - it reminds me of having to find a charging cable for an iPhone after an update where the battery life was reduced dramatically.  In my opinion I would gladly give up a millimeter or 3 for a larger battery or even better a replaceable one.  The audio over Bluetooth streaming or even connected via the 3.5mm jack is very &#34;flat&#34; and has little dynamic range - coming from an iPhone (which is really an iPod with a phone when it first was introduced) I didn't realize how spoiled I was with the built in EQ.  Problem solved with a couple free EQ apps on the marketplace.  Lastly while 32GB of storage isn't bad more would be nice and a SD slot would be best.  The camera - megapixels do not equal great pictures and this smartphone proves it.  For pics within a few feet and with a little fiddling in the camera app's settings you can take decent snaps but get beyond 8ft. or so  and indoors you'll probably be taking some blurry anything but sharp shots.  As stated before what can you really expect out of a phone at this price point.  You don't have to pack your point-and-shoot camera if you have an iPhone or Nokia Lumia or top tier Android (Samsung, HTC, or even LG) with this phone I wouldn't leave home without that extra camera if you want to get decent pics - this device is a phone with a camera not a camera phone.The limitations listed above that caused this device to receive 4/5 stars are pretty much known things going in to this purchase or could be worked out with some work and downloading - the battery (capacity or not being replaceable) is probably it's biggest most fatal flaw.  If I were in close range of a USB charger and knew I wouldn't be taking many pics or was taking along a dedicated camera I could see this as a daily driver.Going forward for my next Android device I'll look for the following:-Replaceable battery (only non replaceable if it's a &#34;monster sized&#34; battery (3000mAh or bigger)-A micro SD slot that takes 32GB or larger cards - even though I'm not an MP3 &#34;fiend&#34; being able to use the device for storage is a nice feature that Apple doesn't openly support.  Fully loaded up with apps, pics, and music via Spotify I'm still at about 10GB free and there are cloud solutions to help out - having my own content though is king when you're on a plane or where there's no WiFi.-Approx. 5&#34; display - this device has made me a convert to larger than 4.5&#34; ones.-A top rated camera - I don't really care about megapixels as long as it's better than 5MP-gorilla glass or equivalent - as large as these displays are getting it's only a matter of time before a crack or drop happens-Stock android - ROM manager doesn't seem to recognize the BLU LIFE PURE and I'm concerned about the few locations where custom ROMs are available - BLU has stated that KitKat will be available shortly but that would a couple months ago.I'll report back later as to how the device performs over time.

i didn't like it because it didn't work the right wayand i recommend it for little kids the way it works...

The phone performs pretty good, speed is good, camera is A grade, wonderful graffics, move thru the app trays pretty smoothly. It doesn't have an app drawer and when you open an app/menu and go back to the home screen there's a slight lag but I downloaded a launcher for to solve both issues (nova launcher). Drawbacks: I can only see my wallpaper vividly on the lock screen once it unlocks the wallpaper is blurred out. Phone gets hot too easy didn't realize until I took off my hard case. On semi/heavy use battery runs down easily. Gestures doesn't work, don't really need them but if you advertise it as a selling point I would want to know that it worksStill give it 4stars tho cause its been working for me

Nice phone

Battery is not powerful.beside that the phone works really good.And the sound is just perfect compare to some of blu products phone.

The disappointment I had with this phone has to do with its performance. Its features are very great. However even with a full battery charge the battery runs out in 2-3 hour. Mind you this is when  in stand by mode.

Great phone for the price. It has a great display and the phone takes great pictures. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

its great phone fast and i liked it ,the style is good the internet websites loads too fast and its wounderfull

I love this phone, and skin, the finish, weight, shape, and the performance. The phone did great, and never lagged in anything I did - except, the battery life is quite poor. The phone only has a 2020mAh battery, and while I knew that wasn't big, I figured it would still last a good amount of time, as it does use a MediaTek processor. But, that's not the case, as I could watch the battery drain 1% every 2 - 3 minutes just from looking at the screen of this phone. And while the display was probably my favorite thing, it's most likely the thing that killed the battery. A small battery like that should not be a running a 1080p screen. Battery rants aside, the air and smart gestures were also just a poor attempt. The air browse hardly ever worked, and only worked when my hand was about 1 foot above the sensor, and none of the smart gestures, such as smart answer (call picks up when you place phone on ear) worked either. I honestly think they shouldn't have even tried to implement those features. Now, aside from all that, if you dont mind those few things, this phone is really nice, and it got me a lot of compliments, and the camera on it is great - front and back. The weight is great as well, everyone who tried my phone commented on it. I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't need a battery that lasts more than 3 hrs of Netflix, and someone who doesn't care for smart or air gestures (by the way, I didnt even have them on, I never would have used them if they did work).

This phone has amazing specs for the price! However, it has terrible GPS, and the software is pretty annoying. The GPS often time takes minutes to fix a location (IF it actually works); however, there are fixes for this that users have posted online (some of which require rooting your device). I was able to use one of the fixes online, and I now get a GPS fix within 15 seconds. This phone has an AWESOME front camera! A few things I dislike about the software:1. The launcher is NOTHING like what is typical of android -- Heavily skinned, no app launcher, wallpaper is BLURRED2. The wallpaper is blurred, even if you use an alternate launcher.. You use live wallpapers to override this, if you so choose. There are some nice live wallpapers in the Play Store, some even let you customize the background.3. Default messaging app grossly reduces the size of images when sending through MMS; you can use an alternate app for messaging as a workaround. I use Hangouts.I've read online that a lot of people are having issues with Straight Talk (either data, MMS, or both). I can verify that I am currently using Straight Talk (AT&T;) with this phone (using the APN settings posted on the ST site, phone type = other). I was not able to send MMS the first day; however, I believe this issue was caused by porting in my phone number from another carrier. I used this phone with T-Mobile for a few days before porting, it worked fine with them as well. With both carriers, I am able to get 4G (HSPA+).
