
I have been use this phone for almost a month, IS BIG need to get used but have to say... Excellent !!. Is elegant,  fast like hell, camera quality is awesome, slim, excellent screen, light, sound quality is fantastic, full connectivity, battery life is awesome. I would make suggestion to NOKIA, the headset need the be better, I mean if this this a high end gamma phone, has nice sound quality but  should come with a much better headset as flat cable will be nice, volume controls, and a longer USB cable.

I had used windows 7 ( dell Venue) but needed something larger in phablet category , since Microsoft OS was not mature ,went to Andriod .shifted from Samsung Note 2 to Lumia 1520 and its great ! Excellent job by Nokia & Microsoft with their first phabletPros- Zero lag on Windows unlike andriod .Like the fluid nature of windows 8.- Amazing screen and camera , very nice choice of Nokia Cam apps . Just blows Note out of the water .Full 1080 display- Great hardware specs- Very solid premium feel to the phone , you might want to get a cover though .- Best part is its SD slot accessCons ( more on OS side)- windows need to refine their keyboard , something like Blackberry Z10 did .- waiting for HUB , hopefully 8.1 will have it . Lumia 1520 came installed with Lumia Black Update .I am still yet to figure out why it shows 4G/3G instead on Edge on T-Mobile though .

Photo clarity is very good. Sleek model and looks very good. User friendly. Mail set up is very easy and options are good.

I have been using this nokia 1520 for one week and the power button refuse to work, which means I cannot switch in on except for plugging in a charger. It cannot be switched off either. This is crap. US$  1200 down the drain. One good lesson , never buy a newly released cell phone!

The hardware part is 5 stars but the software is good but it lack some very important features like true multitasking, notification center, only one possible launcher (it is not interchangeable), and lack of apps (in comparison to IPhone and Android).are features that not having them affects the usability of this phone.

I bought this phone for my wife, she's loving the camera and screen quality as are the kids who watch cartoons on it.

Great Phone

I can read my emails, type reply's, and the camera is awesome. I am 75 years old and with my eyes, this is a great tool.

Nothing to say. I love my phone, best phone I ever owned. Exceptional performances. Even tha size is a plus. I would not change anything

This is The Best phone I ever had by far. Microsoft and Nokia did an amazing job. The Phone os powerfull and works great

I came here looking for a quick answer to my question in the reviews. &#34;Does this work on AT&T;'s network ?&#34;The answer is yes but you won't get LTE speeds. AT&T;'s LTE operates on 700 and 1700 MHz and this phone (RM-937) only supports 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 LTE bands.But 3G and 4G will work just fine. And all other features will work too. This truly is the most beautiful phone.

Got it Love it sent to Africa they love it,now I am going to get aother for me. Really love it works get on everything thanks

For people that are looking for a 6&#34; phone (or Phablet), this is the best Windows Phone available now.With a Quad-core CPU and 32 GB of storage (with a microSD slot in addition), this phone shines regarding performance, screen and camera (21 Megapixels). It's basically the same configuration as Nokia Icon (930) with a bigger screen.I am still adapting to the size; it's still a little big for my jeans pocket. But for reading and working, definitely you will be not disappointed.

I have been a Windows Phone user for the last 2 years now.  Unfortunately, throughout this period, I had mixed experiences with different hardware platforms on Windows Phone.  The Nokia Lumia 1520 has by far been the single best user experience on any Windows phone platform I have had to date.  The battery life is absolutely phenomenal, the screen quality is amazing and the camera experience now borders on point and shoot replacement!  For reading books and magazines, this phone is perfect since the display is such a high resolution.  Invest in purchasing an additional SD storage card and this device becomes a 64GB music player.  I now only carry my Lumia 1520 and my Microsoft Surface Pro 2 device with me and I am always connected and always productive!

its, fast, intuitive, and loaded.Amazing screen.Apps are still behind Apple and Sam but increasing in number.I really like this phone.additional comments after usage experience:I have now used the phone for about 3 months and will go as far as to say that this is the best electronic device I have ever purchased. This phone will never hesitate, jam or crash. The live tiles are so useful and the apps are increasing all the time. I think all the ones I really use are available.

very good

I have been using this phone for three months now, and can honestly said that this is one bada$$, kicka$$, heck of phone.  A terrific phablet that out performs all other mobile phone that I have used over the year.  Nokia simply makes beautiful phone.

Is so cool! 6", love the thin it is! And the photos are so GREAT! I recommend this product at 100%.

The phone delivers excellent hardware and software specs compared to the average life of the operating system. Deploying windows phone 8.1 provides more functionality not available in windows phone 8 and more reliable phone (Still for Developers). Microsoft and Nokia have to work better and push developers and companies to create and develop apps for Windows phone OS. Compared to iOS(Apple) and Android(Google) there are limitation to apps - yet understandable in-terms of market maturity. I enjoy the offline maps where I have all North America downloaded for free thus providing free offline GPS. Coming from iOS and Android, you will feel the difference mainly in the lack of apps thus making the phone less usable if you are a gamer or just download apps for fun. Keep in mind, if you integrate you email (outlook or corporate email), Microsoft Office, XBOX, etc.. you can have one unified ecosystem - that's what I love about Microsoft Windows Phone 8.1. Last, excellent phone and looking forward to have more scalable solutions provided by Microsoft, Nokia and other third party companies -- in addition, the large screen provided excellent viewing and editing office documents on the fly before meetings.

Microsoft automatically uploads your phone contacts and Calendar into its cloud (outlook.com). There is a way around it but it's not for the novice.  This is also stated in their disclosure if you have time to read the fine print.(The hardware is excellent. The Windows 8 software works fine. Remember this is a 6 inch phone; almost double the size of an iPhone).So what's wrong w/ MS uploading your private information? Here is the list:- If your email is hijacked the thieves will send money request on your behalf to everyone on the list with an email address. Or if you have your bank account info online things could get worse.- The US government will certainly snoop into your data.- The MS Sys Admins are also a potential source of snooping and passing on the info.If you are a facebook type that puts sensitive personal information on the internet then do not worry. But if you are concerned about security of your data beware of this issue.To get around it is not that easy. Here is what I did:( I use MS outlook desktop version for my Contacts, Calendar, and email - Only if you have this then follow the instructions below):- When you receive the phone - do not setup a microsoft (hotmail/msn) account. If you do they automatically upload your data to their servers (outlook.com)- Don't use the 'Transfer my Data'. If you do they automatically upload your data to their servers (outlook.com)- Purchase Akruto Sync (I am not in any way related to these guys - This is just to sync the outlook w/ your phone to bypass MS) and sync your contacts/calendar using this software.- One last thing: If you are forced to login into hotmail/msn account delete your calendar and contact list first - then login to MS and do what's required such as updates - then go to the settings and set a wrong password for the hotmail (you cannot delete a hotmail account) - then use Akruto Sync to sync desktop outlook w/ Nokia 1520.

Alright people, I'll admit I made a buy without enough research into how the unlocked phone will work on US carriers. So to try and help people avoid the issue I ran into I'll try and highlight something I completely missed. This particular model works with T-Mobile, except YOU WILL NOT GET 4G/LTE connections. The RM-938 model (AT&T; version) is the only Lumia 1520 that can make use of 4G/LTE on T-Mobile (as far as I know).Additionally, I installed WP 8.1 on it and here's a few things to note:- On the device I received, the locale wasn't set to US. The keyboard and other region settings were either in Chinese or English (UK). If you want to get Cortana to work, you'll have to make sure your region settings are set to US.- I had a few account sync issues and had to do a factory reset after installing WP 8.1, doing the factory reset does not get rid of WP 8.1 (which is nice).- A lot of popular apps still don't take full advantage of the added screen real estate provided by the higher resolution. Expect text and other in-app UI elements to be a little blown up (probably wouldn't bother most people)- I've seen many reviews say its impossible to operate this phone with one hand. I can do most tasks like texting, browsing and making calls (especially with WP 8.1 installed) using one hand without too much trouble. I even have a phone case which slightly increases its dimensions. I don't have the hands of a basketball player either.- My device takes a considerably longer time to fully charge than my other WP devices (Lumia 925 and HTC 8X) but that's to be expected given it has a larger battery and lasts a lot longer on one charge- I'd strongly recommend getting some sort of case or cover for this phone because the surface of the phone can get really slippery. Given the size of the phone, if you do not have a good grip when moving about on it (e.g. holding the phone when getting out of the car) chances are you'll end up dropping it.That being said, the phone is incredible and everything I expected it to be, but in this case I imagine that is more of a personal opinion for people given the size of the phone.

So far I have had this device for a month and it has been a really great experience. I started out on an iPhone, changed to Android  and have now gone to WP. What I am enjoying the most is that the experience is so slick, everything works, and its fast, efficient and a really nice user experience. I was never a really heavy app user on the other platforms so I cannot comment on the extent of everyone's needs, but all the apps that I required where present before I moved over. What however has changed, is that because of the greater screen size I have tended to use more apps than I ever had before. This I think is because the extra screen size has actually allowed the device to far more useful that it was on smaller screens. Initially my great concern was the size as I thought it might be too big. However, I have changed my mind and I think 6 inches is the sweet spot for a smartphone, and I couldn't go back to a smaller one. After a months use I find that it fits fine in my jeans and trousers and doesn't get in the way. Initially I was going to wait for the 930 to be released in OZ, but that still hasn't happened, but either way, I am glad that I didn't wait as this phone suits me perfectly. I don't miss the iPhone but I do miss the notifications dropdowns from Android, but I believe that this will soon be added in WP 8.1. I was quite surprised by how long it took to charge the phone, until I realized that the battery was so massive so that is a fair tradeoff and makes sense. On top of which, having wireless charging means that you can lay the phone around on a wireless charger and pick it up as you please, and thus phone charging is less of an issue. All in all, a great device and highly recommended.

This phone is great. Can't take my hands off this

I live in the Prepaid world. The last five phones I've bought have been Unlocked, for use with prepaid carriers. Basically, I decided to never sign a two-year agreement again, and I've been loving my live in the unlocked-realm ever since.Just seven months ago, I bought the Lumia 820 and found it (and the Windows Phone experience) to be 100% fun and fantastic - the best phone I've ever owned. I had seen many advertisements, videos and reviews on the flagship Lumia 1520, which I would loved to have had - but there is no way I'd fork out $500 on a phone.THEN, I learned of the Lumia 1320, which I call a &#34;poor man's Lumia 1520&#34; ... a Lumia 1520 for the rest of us. A fantastic, 6-inch Tablet / Phone that is fast, responsive, beautiful and of Quality build. It performs beautifully and looks every bit as good. It feels good in the hand.All of this for less than $300 unlocked, just a little more than I paid for my Lumia 820 (which I have also reviewed here). You'll hear some criticism from tech &#34;critics&#34; out on the web, complaints about the pixel density, camera, etc. Don't worry about it and don't take any of those &#34;reviewers&#34; too seriously. The relative PPI is more than adequately made up and compensated for in the fundamentals of the quality and the Clear Black IPS LCD Display. In short, things look great, photos look great, videos look great.Internal Storage is 8GB, leaving about 4-5 Gigs for your use. There is a slot for Micro SD card and the Windows OS settings allows you to designate all storage, downloads, saved photos, videos and music to the card ... AND Apps; I've loaded mine up with a 32 Gig card, which should keep me fat and comfy for awhile.Interchangeable Back Plates - you can buy and swap out back plates of various colors for your Lumia 1320, giving yourself a whole &#34;new&#34; phone to suit your mood. Once slapped on, it looks like a solid piece of polycarbonate that is permanently affixed. I bought this as a white phone, have bought back battery covers in Yellow, Black, Orange and Green. This is one of the features of the Lumia 820 that I really enjoyed, nice to have it here as well. As a side note, the back cover is much easier to remove on the 1320.Battery Life is VERY good. I don't know how they do it, but Nokia has managed to created a Tablet Phone with robust life and lower battery drain. I'm comparing this to my Lumia 820 (which was good) and my Blu Vivo 4.8 HD (android) phone. I'm getting plenty of talk time and long periods of standby time on this, a benefit I was not expecting.Camera. In order to put all this together at what is essentially a third-world price, you have to cut some corners somewhere. That is where we find the biggest difference between the 1320 and it's flagship big brother, the 1520. You've got a 5MP camera, which for me, is also a step-down from my Lumia 820. Guess what? I don't care. At 5MP, you still have sharp optics, a quarter-inch sensor and Fast Glass - a 2.4 aperture lens, which gathers much light, fast enough to garner nice results in dimly-lit places. An LED flash rounds it out, and if you really need to rag on the fact this phone's camera has less than 10, 20 or 40MP ... go buy a cheap point-and-shoot camera and carry that in your other pocket.Gorilla Glass 3 - Huge bonus and nice surprise to have a budget Tablet Phone with such sturdy, state-of-the-art elements. This is not something I expected to find at a piece of kit for under $300 dollars, and especially not at this size!Main Video Camera shoots at 1080p, Full HD (1920 X 1080) at 30 frames per second. Again, something you would not expect at this price. I have shot and viewed videos on my (60-inch) TV, and loving the results.I've upgraded this to Windows 8.1, as I did with my Lumia 820. Both phones have taken the upgrade flawlessly. If you want more technical details, check out some of the many sites on the web, and I encourage you to view some of the youtube videos as well. You'll get more detailed tech talk and a good idea as to what it looks (and feels like) in the hand. Just remember to take those &#34;critics&#34; with a grain of salt. For my part ... as a real-life owner and verified buyer of the Lumia 1320, I'm telling you this Tablet Phone is fan-TASTIC.If you've ever dreamed of owning the Lumia 1520 but can't afford it (or have more sense than to spend $500 for a phone device) ... or if you'd just like a Tablet Phone that is good, solid and FUN to operate ... or if you're in any way on the fence about this, jump off that fence and buy one of these now! Seriously, you can't lose and you won't regret....

purchased from amazon ( via ranas something) a few weeks ago. arrived to me ( Israel). just 2 days ago.takes sometime to get accustomed to windows 8.0after that pure pleasure.can really swap phone ( prev. nexus 4) and tab ( prev nexus 7) into one great phablet.do not know about 4G we are still far from it over here.so far a rare jewel.an update-( 30/05/2014)- downloaded os 8.1.( via developers reg.)even better experience with all the new features.do not wait a second just buy one.

The phone is great, the camera and the display. Unfortunately just a week after I bought it the price reduced by about $50 which is quite significant. All the same the quality of Nokia phones still stands out. What I am not very sure is the truth in the battery life.

First of all, this is NOT an Australian version of Lumia 1520, it actually comes from Malaysia! I hope this will not cause trouble for my usage in US. Other than that, Nokia did a wonderful job on Lumia 1520 and it is very sharp. I like it very much so far and look forward to future performances.

Actually, the phone I was given was RM-940 unlocked, although the description said RM-937,  the vendor however admitted the lapse and gave me credit $75.00, that turns out ok for the money.  Now the performance:  Great phone, good resolution, good camera, easy to use.  Sync with my laptop and all assignments are backed up, phone book, business cards are backed up.  I also downloaded an application, which scans business cards into one folder.  Built-in Microsoft office and One  Note (which you get it for free)are the best part of windows phone.  Really great phone to work with.  This RM-940 is USA model and I get 4g speed, which is a plus than RM-937.  I am very pleased with internet speed.  This phone is capable of handling all the tasks my laptop does.  Good phone compared to iPhone, Samsung.  Those iPhones and Samsung have lot of hype and lack performance.  At present windows phones don't have many apps but over the time they will catch up.  Overall the phone is excellent and I recommend having it.  Costs much less.

Very happy with the phone and it's lives up to the expectation; fast and the width makes reading friendly to the eye. Quite light for it's size. Slightly awkward to the ear as it seems too big and thus being nicknamed &#34;monster&#34;!!

The phone  a 5 stars but needed a factory reset to properly function &#128521;. The version I received is HK

This should be the correct description of the item sold by this seller (SHOPEBEST) . I purchased this phone back at the end of January only to find out 3 months later cause till then I only had a 3G sim card that this phone DOES not support 4G LTE !!. The phone comes from Taiwan, it is unlocked but the Taiwanese carrier does not even support 4G yet !! After conducting the seller I was informed that since the 14 days I had to return the item were passed I was no longer entitled for a refund. Same thing from Amazon, the 90 days to file the A-Z claim have been expired so nothing could be done from their side. I must say here that I am a frequent customer of Amazon but in the future I will need to pay much more attention before I go ahead and do any kind of purchases. If the 4G is not an issue for you then you can go ahead and buy it but if 4G is important to you then you might want to search elsewhere besides SHOPEBEST.

Love it an looking forward, For Purhaseing Next one,kindle fire hdx soon,Keep up your all good works THANK YOU VERY MUCH

Phone works great, a lot of battery time. Full of apps, I only miss Flipboard and Amex. OS could be refined to compete with iPhone.

A little background on me. I am legally blind or to be somewhat politically correct, visually impaired. My eyesight is such that I can't see much of anything on a white background. It is like try to read tiny print on the glass of a 100w light bulb.Back in 2007 I got my first iphone and I bought one every year with the 4s being my last one. I wrote, emailed, and called Apple trying to get them to address users who visually impared that needed help with color schemes, larger fonts, etc. In other words, more control of the phone's on screen visual appearance. During the Summer of 2010, I finally got a reply from Apple telling me that they would not address the needs of the visually impaired having done all their work with the totally blind and that no more work would be needed to meet the needs of users who were not totally blind.Next time you turn on your iphone or mac try changing the black on white to white on black option in settings then accessability. You will quickly discover how awful the results are. All the photos become negatives. All the pictures and graphics in Safari and other apps become negatives as well.  So in the end I add enough of that and moved to Android.Android unfortunately had most of the same issues. Google insist that all their apps from the Play Store to Google+ to Gmail have only a white background. Talk about more frustration. Fortunately for me, a group of guys calling themselves Team Blackout came along and did exactly what I needed done. They literally changed the white background of many Android apps to black.... Yay! For awhile it worked. Problem was, Google would quickly do updates to all of their apps and bingo, I would be right back to using white versions of their apps. Team Blackout being a team of volunteers would come out with an update to make the apps black again, but sometimes it would take awhile as they have a lot of apps not only from Google to change, there are literally dozens of other apps they convert.  I looked at my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 which is running 4.3 (4.4.2 breaks most of my black apks that aren't Team Blackout related) and there are still many apps still waiting to be updated to Black.  I don't blame the Team as I am sure it takes a lot of work coding to make these changes and with Google and others frequently updating their apps... Well you get picture.  Enter Window Phone OS 8 & 8.1So now to my current phone.... the Nokia Lumia 1520. Specifically, the international unlock version( RM-937) with 32gb onboard. I am a T-Mobile customer and the one drawback due to my location (Central Kansas) is that I am mostly stuck on 2g edge when I am away from the interstate or the larger towns in my area.When I got this phone I really wasn't expecting a lot of good things, but I thought I would give it a chance. A chance that I am very glad that I did. This phone is big with a 6 inch screen. It is slightly longer and thicker than my retired Samsung Galaxy Note 3. It is a little heavier as well. The SLCD screen to me is not as bright as the AMOLED screen on the Note 3 but, neither is it dark and hard to read and see. On the contrary, it has a great screen that has taken my eyesight a little while to get used to and now that I've had the 1520 for a month now, I have no regrets.Originally the 1520 came to me with WP OS 8.0, but shortly after getting it, I signed up for the developers program and my phone updated to WP OS 8.1. Very quickly I discovered that I could use the accessability options to do high contrast black color scheme that worked almost throughout  the entire phone with exception so far being Microsoft Office and some third party apps like Facebook. Kindle for WP on the other hand works great allowing me to change the background from white to black and giving me basic text sizing changes. I am still waiting for Kindle to update the app to the same level of features that are in the IOS and Android versions of Kindle.The camera on the 1520 is among the best out there and I would say the only one better that I know of is Nokia's own 41mp shooter on the 1020. Camera and phone wise, this is truly an amazing camera and Nokia has produced a number of stellar apps to back it up. Within the next few weeks all Nokia Lumia phones will be getting the official 8.1 update known as Cyan. this update will also be introducing many updates and new features to the camera as well. I can hardly wait. The Sound quality of the external speakers is pretty darn good for a phone. I have no trouble hearing and understanding calls, music, videos, etc. The earpiece speaker is also loud and clear.This review is mostly my viewpoint in dealing with my journey from iphones to Android to Windows Phone OS. I feel that the popularity of the Windows Phone platform will only get better and better with more users realizing that this is a great alternative to those other phone OS's. For those of you who are visually impaired and have great difficulty in seeing on a white background, give WP 8.1 and the Nokia 1520 or the Verizon version Nokia Icon which has a five inch screen but otherwise very similar to the 1520 a shot. I think you'll be very happy you did.

If you want a big-screen smartphone and can afford a Note 3, I would recommend the Lumia 1520, remember to buy a SD card for it so you can save all those Full HD videos to see them on the amazing six inch screen.

Good allround phone/tablet. You do not need a tablet, just a laptop after having this instrument

I bought this phone a few weeks ago, and I was worried it might not be as good as I hoped, it exceeded my expectations, it runs smoothly all of the apps that I use, some might say windows phone lacks a lot of apps but at least for me that's not true, what I use daily is there!

The screen is so nice it is almost like using a regular computer.  I even enjoy surfing the web.  The Microsoft OS is far more modern than anything else out there and the apps are finally catching up.

The big size, I already expected. Great camera! Best I've seen. The screenawesome. Good clarity, even with direct sunlight. I bought a 64 gB SD card. So 96 Gb of storage!It can replace even most stuff you do with computer! Applications - I found everyone I used with my old Samsung S3.GPS is the best (offline).I'm in love with my little machine. I'd buy it again.

I love my phone, this was one of the best choices I've ever made in my entire life dear god.

The Lumia 1520 is a great piece of engineering from every angle - the display is simply amazing, the sound is great and the weight and feel are perfect.The Windows phone 8 OS is still lacking a bit in some areas when compared to Android or iOS but they are catching up.The seller was as fast as they can be and it arrived faster (much faster) than predicted by the site systems.

Fast with great battery life (easily lasts all day), the 1520 has an amazing display screen and crystal clear call quality.  Purchasing the international version means you also get the wireless charging.  Immediately upgraded to WP 8.1 which is awesome. Was concerned about the size being too big but turns out to be a perfect fit.

The phone itself is very sturdy and feels great in your hands.Windows Phone 8 seems at first like an upgrade but there are differences that don't' make it over from 7. One feature that isn't available that I used consistently on 7 is the speak to text option. It was a button right next to the send message, attach file icons on a conversation and it allowed for a better hands free texting option while driving than actually texting. it's no longer there and I haven't found a way to enable it if available, through the settings.Next is the service. I looked before I leapt and everything said that this phone would work with American T-Mobile service. That it would not get 4g lte but would still get 3g service. I bout a Nokia Lumia 810 for my wife same time as this and in most cases I do not get 3g service. She has gotten 4g in my home, yet I standing next to her can barely get E, possibly H, but I've only gotten 3G in small places while in passing. unless I'm tied to Wi-Fi, the data on this is very slow.Had I known about this, I might have gone with the 925, or even the 1020, but this is a very big let down, as now I have a outdated phone, before it's even available in the US.

I like this phone. It's very fluent and fast. And the offline map is also very useful, which has already successfully helped us complete a 600-mile round-trip travel.The camera performs excellent, but it's a pity that the zooming function is very limited, it looks like I can only zoom in just a little, this is the main reason why I just want to give it a four-star score.

Really happy with this pone. Like its Windows 8 OS and the operation in general. Have to get used to work around. It Works perfectly in Venezuela at least with Movilnet.

The unit doubles as a laptop when I travel, this is a great asset to me. The camera is the best I have seen

My new favorite WP8 device. I previously used the Samsung Ativ S for about a year and though it was nice enough Unwanted something newer, bigger and with wireless charging. The 1520 offered everything I loved about my previous device (sans Samsung apps, which were no major loss) plus all of the Nokia apps, more solid build, faster updates (my Ativ S never received the latest update, which was a supposedly made available months ago). Plenty of others have already praised the specs and performance of the device, 1080p resolution 6&#34; display, amazing battery that routinely lasts 35-40 hours of moderate use, fast processor, 32GB of storage plus up to 64 more via micro SD, the device has LTE, but this version is compatible with bands used outside of the United States so I only get HSPA+, which is fast enough since I'm usually using WiFi. All in all the device is amazing, even if the size takes a little getting used to.

I have it on T-Mobile in the US and have no problems with it.  Because of its big size it has replaced both my old phone &#128222; and tablet.

Was afraid of the huge screen before i got mine. Fell in love when i opened it.This phone is amazing, photos are amazing.  After using the phone for over 15 days any other phone feels like a toy in my hands. Phablets are the future, get yours soon.

HARDWAREAesthetically this phone is BEAUTIFUL, a master piece! I like minimalist and simple things. I love the 1520 design, everything is placed where it should. Buttons are placed nicely!! The camera button comes very handy!The back camera? Amazing, wonderful! As a photo enthusiast I can say the camera is one of the best phone cameras I have seen with many advanced features! And the camera button comes really handy! The flash sucks. It should have been xenon.Front camera? Still needs some work, for my taste it sucks pretty badly. Grainy and slow if dark! Bad, bad, bad resolution.Sensors are precise and work perfectly, I always turned them off in my S3, S4, Note, HTC's, Moto's because they were random and not precise... they made me rage more than once. Only thing missing is an IR blaster, that would be really useful! And maybe fingerprint scanner ONLY if it works as it should, I think that technology is not ready yet for prime time.Also about Qi charging, once you go for it there's no way back! I even put a DT 900 hidden on my desk and nightstand, charges fast and it is so convenient!Processor? Powerful. You can throw anything at it! If you updated to WP 8.1 DP... It is a DEVELOPER PREVIEW so it will lag a little sometimes and some things won't work as intended, you will have to make a soft reset-restart and hopefully it will resolve your issue or you will have to wait for the official release.The battery in this thing is amazing, I'd never have thought that it would last forever with the screen size but it does! Using Xbox music to stream music all day! Whatsapp, FB and web browsing all day, by 10 PM is still around 15-20%. ~5 hours of listening to music with a Sony Bluetooth SBH20, 4-5 hours of screen time while using Whatsapp, FB, web browsing, skipping songs. Gaming, once in a while.It has micro SD slot, YES! No micro SD slot is a deal killer for me!SIM tray is loose! BAD!Touch screen sensitivity is good, perfect! And I have no more issues with it!Signal is good but it will chose slowest networks (EDGE, 3G, HSDPA+) if they are stronger than the fastest ones. And you CAN'T force it to HSDPA or LTE.Screen is gorgeous, crisp, clear, stunning! But there's a defect with most lumias, in white backgrounds you will see brighter spots in a specific part of the screen exactly where the back camera is placed. Other than that is perfect for me! Anyway you won't notice the bright spot!Glance feature is wonderful! I think it is not supported by 930 and some others phones because of the screen technology used.VERY IMPORTANT. Screen seems to be fragile, still haven't drop it! Case or insurance could save your life, screen replacement is expen$ive. I have seen many post talking about broken digitizers and screens. Replacing only the digitizer is NOT easy at all if you manage to replace it without breaking the screen, that if you are lucky enough and didn't break the screen.SOFTWAREI've had about everything but iPhone, I do love my 1520 but as a power user WP 8.1 is still lacking advanced features/options. About the apps, I have the ones I need but they are lacking advanced options/features because of WP limitations and some others because apparently programmers aren't putting much effort in WP apps. But with WP 8.1 they finally added so much stuff that was missing and with WP 8.1 Microsoft is finally giving more freedom for making apps with everything we need but still not as much as Android.For most people 8.1 will do! I am a power user, but most people are not! They have everything they need in 8.1 (just a few things missing, maybe some advanced options would be nice) BUT the 1520 is BLAZING FAST! Butter smooth! Not like my any other phone I've had!Size of everything is about perfect on a 1520! The keyboard and the new swipe thing is amazing! Cortana is nice, and we have music recognition integrated (I'd suggest MS to improve it, is slow sometimes and if you don't have internet connection you are done. Some apps in Android store the recording so you can search that song later, you can't do that with Bing)! Also integrated translation and QR scan, pretty sweet to translate things just with the camera.Now WP and Lumia has some unique features and apps that I love so much and are freaking good: IE sucks on Windows but on WP is way too good, beats any other browser! Nokia apps are awesome, beamer, maps, camera, etc.!The integration with Microsoft services is good, you will love it! It integrates with many services very nicely!For music lovers, Xbox music pass is the way to go! Better than Pandora, Spotify, etc.! Music player is kind of mediocre but it will do. Gallery is GOOD! Better than android!Clean and simple OS, very good looking! I'd only add a few more advanced options and more transparent tiles for this new image backgrounds! And a color palette to choose our own accent and background colors, that would be sweet!OVERALLHardware is good and this thing is damn pretty! Problems? Loose SIM tray, bright spots on the screen (you won't notice unless someone told you so), front camera sucks, FRAGILE screen. No IR blaster, no fingerprint yet. Battery, screen, processor, sensors, etc are amazing! Micro SD slot up to 128GB!Software? You get everything you need, still missing some advanced features! But 8.1 is getting close to iOS and Android. Still has some advantages and unique design and features, and it is BUTTER SMOOTH. Integrates very nicely with MS services and some others. You have to try it to know what I'm talking about, but Microsoft is doing a good damn job with 8.1.I think a 30-40% fanboys will betray Apple and Samsung if they had this thing for a day. Throw an IR blaster, fingerprint scanner and everyone most of them will be sold, you don't even need some advanced options in apps or OS level. Keep it going Microsoft!Did I miss something? Any questions, doubts? Ask!

Nokia built an amazing phone with customized applications and Windows Phone 8 performs flawlessly. Super fast processor, smooth video; you can finally watch a video and listen to it with Bluetooth headphones (mine is Plantronics backbeat 903+).For those skeptical regarding applications, there is Instagram and Whatsapp for W8 (download is free for both) and many more free apps, although Lumia 1520 brings a load of essential applications.Very advisable to buy a cover, not only for its protection but for a better handling. I found the device extremely slippery in my hands. I purchased a cover with kick stand, so I can eat and read or watch a video.W8 automatically backs up most your data (pics, docs and videos) to skydrive, which is very convenient. All contacts I had on my HTC HD7 (Windows phone 7.5) was imported as soon as I register my accounts (Hotmail, Facebook and Google) even without the sim card. A great feature is that you can access your Lumia 1520 from your PC as if it is an external hard drive. You can also receive and send several kinds of files via Bluetooth. The NFC (Near Field Communication)  is amazing!!I still donnot understand people who rather pay a lot more for an IPhone or Android!!I also purchased a 32Gb micro SD (you can install up to 64Gb), which is another feature Iphones don't have.Also amazing is the battery. You will now have a phone that will keep up with you all day, provided you make a normal use of it. Remember to charge it, use it until battery runs out and charge it again, so that your battery will be optimized.Only disappointment regards to the charger which is European. Although seller sends (at no cost) an American adapter, it gets to be a very clumsy piece (both together).Well done Microsoft and Nokia.February 6th UpdateToday I test the Here Nokia (the built in GPS) I turned it on together with my car's GPS, except that I made it work offline. Both GPSs took me from where I was to where I wanted to go flawlessly. The Here Nokia offers more detailed information and precision. I am being amazed day after day by its software.

I must say it's an amazing Windows Ph, at least BETTER than Samsung Galaxy versions. Am quite happy with a change from Android to Windows Ph, but still have to admit ... Android is a Killer what everyone NEEDS now a days!! Not saying that This Lumia 1520 is lesser, though it has its own uniqueness with a bigger, better & CRYSTAL CLEAR SEXY looking screen & body and an AWESOME 21 MP Camera, it still needs to upgrade what any Android offers in apps.I was a bit confused on taking Lumia 1520 or Samsung Galaxy S5, but then when I saw GS5 I was really disappointed & made a good decision on this one.Recommend to everyone who's looking for a better change :) ... just don't expect VARIETY of user friendly apps like Android in here !! LOLSamsung BETTER give your customers a GOOD RELIABLE Phones with STYLE & not just providing lame stuffs packed with extra apps to show off ... or else Samsung will keep losing its valuable customers!!

Something is wrong with this phone.I watched a number of reviews online and cant get my unit to do some of the things I see...(yes I've done the latest update)Eg. No Cortana...all of my region and language settings are set to United States and I've restarted many times.Closing windows by swiping from the app deck doesnt work'inprivate' browsing isnt available in internet explorer. No option to go incognito.Noticed these in my first 12hrs with it...If I cant resolve these or find more, might have to send back
