
is a very good telephone, I'm so happy with this product

I would have rated this product 5 stars if it worked. It looks good, has great camera, connects to Wi-Fi easily and works with all the apps I tried. But that's it. As a phone...it sucks. Spent hours at AT&T to try to make it work. It usually worked for 1/2 day and then it either rejected the SIM card, or decided that it can't find a carrier. It also has an annoying, built-in, non-removable, China Mobile browser and it will not allow you to replace the built in Chinese voice-mail number. Motorola USA will not acknowledge the existence of XT760 and you have to call Motorola Canada for any information. Despite all these negatives I would have kept the phone if it worked...which it did not. Based on other reviewers gushing about his phone, I can only imagine that either I got a lemon, or they are not really using it as a phone. I have returned mine.

This is the best price I have seen for a phone with a 4-inch screen, dual core processor, and a good name brand. Have only been using the phone for a couple days but battery life seems better than that of the 2x as expensive sony xperia TL which I had previously. Screen quality is comparable to an iPhone 4. Phone came new in box with USB cable, charger, and headphones. Android UI made it simple to set the language of the phone, set up gmail account, etc.Construction of the phone is solid and it looks great too. My only real complaint is that you must buy an SD card to put in the phone before you can take pictures or download apps. Despite the otherwise good specs, the internal memory is very tiny. [When you get the phone google &#34;most recent APN&#34; for at&t, t-mobile or whoever your carrier is.] [Then on the phone go to &#34;settings &#62; wireless & network &#62; mobile networks &#62; access point names.&#34;] Access Point Name or (APN) is where you will type in the info which you find on google to get this unlocked phone working with your mobile network. It is an easy process once you find the APN settings online. Keep in mind that this phone will only run @ edge data speeds even when 3g service would be available on at&t network. The signal frequencies on many unlocked phones, like this one, were designed in alternate countries, therefore their 3g frequencies don't match ours. However keep in mind that signal strength of this phone is still great running on edge speeds.

The cell phone dont work i need my money cell phone motorolA xt760 dual core ..imei is the nokia  why?

The battery in this phone lasted maybe 2-1/2 days and that's without making or receiving any calls or using any apps.

Its a basic phone. Does its job. Has very limited functions and cannot upgrade to Android 4.0. Started off resetting automatically a few times a day, but has not done so in the last 2 weeks.

Disconnect with service provider after 30 seconds . Using it with AT&t; .Give SIM error every 30 seconds . Need to return it

Got the phone and I really liked it. The camera took great pictures. After a few days the phone would freeze, the keyboard would have system errors, the battery didnt last long at all. At first I thought maybe it had a virus. Downloaded a virus scanner, a memory booster and a battery booster. Nothing helped. Returned the phone with no problem though.

Loving it (so nice)

Phone works well the sony is a 4g the only thing is I could not get any case for them in the store.so if you are buying any of theese phone order a case especially the sony

Phone was terrible it shuts of you cant hear your calls i had issues from day one i was so didsapiinted the only thing tht was ok wad the shipping time . Not a good purchase at all.

i get the product on time, good conditions, it's what i spected.i have't start using it yet, i recomended the phone

Having trouble finding a carrier in the area.

Good brand, low price, high performance, very good design, my wife is very happy about this great gift, se loves it!!!

Work real good

When we received this phone from Amazon, my daughter was ecstatic. Phone was great, BUT she could not send or receive messages with photos. Went to T-Mobile and spent several hours with their people trying to determine the problem and fix it. The problem: the phone would not connect to a data (2G/3G) network. In the end, the T-Mobile folks declared that the phone was defective. We returned the phone through Amazon (which worked very smoothly and quickly) and purchased another DEFY through a different vendor on Amazon, and when it arrived, it had the same problem. After deciding that the likelihood of two separate vendors selling defective phones was unlikely, I did some &#34;research&#34; on my own and discovered that the actual problem was that the APN was not setup in the phone (actually found the settings on T-Mobile's web site). After inputting those settings, the phone works like a charm!My only complaint about the phone is that Motorola, the vendor, or whoever is selling these phones does not include the information about setting up the APN even if that meant consumers had to contact their service providers for these settings! It was a very simple &#34;fix&#34; in the end, but we went through lot of unnecessary run-around to discover it.

Unlocked Motorola XT760 is cell with many great features but the audio is bad hearing aid is need to hear. In addition the ring tone no hear.

I bought this cell phone for my personal used based the three  reviews and the low price and it turned out to be an excellent value. I'm ordering a second one for my daughter.

I should have read the reviews before I purchased this phone...it does revert back to Chinese every now and then....not prepared for everyday use...good as a second phone or in my case.....A walkman

I could have rated this item 5 stars but I chose rate  it 4 stars because I bought it only few months ago and has been using it since then, but so far it works well and I am just still watching out to make sure nothing will happend to it.So far I found the screen very responsive, nice design..a small cute phone.If it still works fine after few more months of observation, definitely I would advice it to someone who needs this king of smartphone.I really like it!

Everything seems to work but the messaging picture download. Anyone with helpful knowledge? I have the apn info but something is missing.

Keyboard for this phone came in Chinese with no other options except other Chinese dialect. I couldn't download an English keyboard app because, how do you ask for an English keyboard when your original keyboard is in Chinese? Had to send this phone back, real bummer!

my first cell phone was a Motorola and in my opinion they are built to last, i love it and most of it i love the price.

Excellent phone is every prospective. It is designed to perfection with latest and modern technologies. Actually I am glad that I bought this phone. It has the ability to attract many eyes where ever I travel. Anyway for the protection of the display a product like25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiper.

I tried this phone for a couple of weeks before returning it.First of all, for anyone who buys this phone, heed the advice of other reviewers and configure the phone to the proper APN settings. Your provider should help you with this. Without these settings the phone will not access the internet without WiFi.It was obvious that this phone was made in China since that was the default setting. The odd thing is that if you go the Motorola website for support, you won't find this model on any list. These means that you won't be able to view or download a manual. It is also hard to find accessories.The phone worked well in most respects. I was very disappointed when I did a video recording of a chorus. If you put any value to sound quality, you will be horrified at the quality or lack thereof. The sound was totally distorted and, therefore made viewing it worthless.

The delivery was fast.  The phone was a disappointment.  The microphone is bad.  People have a hard time hearing what I'm saying clearly.  It's ability to access the internet is intermittent. Sometimes it works.  Sometimes it doesn't.  On the whole, I'd rate it as a C+; not great, not terrible - but I wouldn't buy it again.

It is a very good phone. it suffers only in text messages, that the dictionary is only available in Chinese and English. In Venezuela the side to browse the internet supports only digitel

took this item just because of * MP camera and thats not working, if i click entire phone will die for ever..thats why motorola is dying ..with in 7 days the mobile camera dead

Good phone for the most part but the camera sucks for 8 mega pix

I gave it 5 stars mostly because it worked better than I expected. I Bought for it a friend who lives in Ecuador (Southamerica). We just put a sim card from a local cellphone company down there and it worked perfectly. Now we can videochat almost everyday, the video quality is ok, could be better but it is probably due to slow internet connections; the sound quality is awesome. One of my sisters who live en Ecuador wanted one too, and some people (in Ecuador) offered me up to 150 dollars for it. It is just great!

The internet is horrible so you can't download anything or play any games. I bought it for work but it's useless...wouldn't recommend

Good! Thank you!

Excelent cell phone. It work very good in Venezuela. Thanks.

Ordered 2 , nice style , easy to use , long life battery , very fast w/ Android , works perfectly.Strongly recommended for those who wants a good phone for a very atractive price.Bring to Brazil , my home Country , and all my family want it! Good choice for sure.

love the phone but im still trying to get it to work with at&t, that is myservice! thank you love the phone

Very good

All was fine until I downloaded an app from Google play and the phone crashed and would not reboot.  The app is called Tapunlock and there are many others to look out for.  After giving Motorola my IMEI they let me know that this was a phone from China over which they have no control over sale and no WARRANTY-thus no help.  I tried to do a reset with no luck.  I was left out in the cold until I came across a reset procedure on You Tube by Resetpedia.  That worked, but for any other problems that may happen, its SOL.Other than that, if you want a toy or a mini computer thats a fun thing, this will work.  If you want a phone with quick, easy access to answer a call and spend your time on more productive tasks, then get something else and get it with a warranty.

excelente y r&aacute;pidos en la entrega del producto los recomiendo amplia mente

This is a great phone, i tell you to buy it, this is a very good oportunity for a small cost. I love this phone

This a china cellphone. Bad sound, bad display. I can't even access to internet with the phone.I'm going to return it.

Buy this cell to store Joycells who sent it to me in excellent condition. As for the phone I must say that I am not proficient in the use of this type of smart teefonos, buy it out of curiosity and also update me, so my review will be rather limited. Aesthetically nothing great, called me on the back Atencio, slip-resistant material is very kind and I practice this detail. In terms of features, some friends who know this technology has seemed good, fast, performs all functions as expected. I rest a star for the duration of the battery and that while the charge lasts four days under conditions of use NORMAL (texting, some calls and one internet entry again), this is less than the NOKIA ASHA-300. Notwithstanding that I think the Motorola xt-760 to many cellular hobnobs in quality and performance within the price range. Later I can expand my opinion as I become more familiar in its use.Compre este celular a la tienda Joycells quien me lo envi&oacute; en excelente estado. En cuanto al telefono debo decir que no soy experto en el uso de este tipo de teefonos inteligentes, lo compre por curiosidad y a la vez actualizarme, por lo tanto mi opini&oacute;n sera mas bien limitada. Est&eacute;ticamente nada del otro mundo, me llama la atenci&oacute; en el dorso, es un material tipo antirresbalante y muy practico este detalle. En cuanto a su funciones, unas amigas que conocen de esta tecnolog&iacute;a, les ha parecido buena, r&aacute;pido, realiza todas las funciones segun lo esperado. Le resto una estrella por la duraci&oacute;n de la bateria ya que si  bien la carga dura 4 d&iacute;as bajo condiciones de uso NORMAL (mensajes de texto, algunas llamadas y una que otra vez ingreso a internet), esta es inferior a la del NOKIA ASHA-300.  No obstante a eso me parece que el Motorola xt-760 se codea en cuanto a calidad y rendimiento a muchos celulares dentro del rango de precios. Mas adelante podr&eacute; ampliar mi opini&oacute;n en cuanto me vaya familiarizando en su uso.

I wanted a phone for use in Europe and this one works out great. In order to test it in the US I tried setting it up with an ATT pre-paid account but could not get the data working.  After 90 minutes ATT support told me unlocked phones are a risk and we can't help you.  Then I tried  t-mobile and was told it would take 48 hours for the data to start working.  That didn't happen so I checked their website which had exactly the APN setup I needed and it is working fine on their network.  Mango delivered the phone as promised and it was in great shape (new, with headset) as expected. If you're OK with an older version of Android and willing to do a bit of work for the setup this is a good choice.

Bonito dise&ntilde;o a un precio razonable.

Costs less than those crappy HUAWEI and "ALCATEL" phones, has a beautiful 4" touchscreen (with lots and lots of dead pixels BTW, but you only notice them if you look the LCD really close and in dark situations)GSM signal is average (3G WORKS ONLY ON 900MHZ BAND HERE IN EL SALVADOR), WIFI works good, no signal drops so far, HAS BUILT IN FM RADIO (ANALOG not streaming)Good camera.Google Play apps runs very well. (FB, WECHAT, ETC)Came with usb cable, charger and a pair of headphones. Recommended.

Have only had the phone for a few days. It did not come with a SD card. I thought that was unusual and there aren't a wide variety of cases for this model. However, so far it appears to function as described.

The item does not works as a cell phone. After pushing on/off button the phone is switching on quite late (after 1-2 minutes). After detecting local GSM carrier, it lost the connection with carrier and Motorola logo appear on a black background of the screen. after several minutes the phone again detect mobile network, after couple of minutes again loosing the network. This is how my phone is working. The reason of bad connection is not related to location, because other cell phones are working fine at the same place. I change the sim card, but the problem is remaining. Other functions, like photo camera, games and etc. are functioning OK. Unfortunately, it's second cell phone I'm purchasing at Amazon.com and both items arrived with problems. Although the first item DELL Aero was used and upon reimbursing the part of expenses from the seller I managed to repair damaged phone, the Motorola I have purchased was new but still out of work.

It is a very nice phone but what I didn't like is that it has a default Chinese web browser, I got rid of it first but it keeps coming back, I hate it.. Secondly, the battery life doesn't last long even if its on standby.. And last thing, the camera for first time use was horrible, it has some thousands of dead pixel, so I just kept trying to use the camera for 3 days and it was fine now, not as clear as my sony ericson 8mp though even if this phone have 8mp, its not good quality when it comes to a camera... All in all great phone for what I paid for...

I am not pleased with this phone.  Screen is very small, hard to read, will not pick-up internet away from home.

I was expecting to find a flexible software version at least to be updated but unfortunately it couldn't as I asked the seller how update it or at least to change it he replied it can not be.

Worst phone, dont buy

Excellent Smartphone for the price

I bought it to use it in Venezuela and works perfectly, I configured the APN and was ready to use the internet conections ! It got here in less than a month, I love this phone so I recommend!!

this phone is excellent and truly the most economical price of its unsurpassed features. is truly a bargain not to buy it would be a mistake, inexpensive and very good brand, the seller is very responsible, timely delivery and goods in perfect condition

Have owned the phone now for about 3 months, I must say, I have alot of problems with it. The phones as some good feature and it is not bad to get around the phone to get what you want to get to, such as phone book, camera and things like that. But as far as the a bluetooth is concerned sometimes it works and some times it does not, have even tried buying a different bluetooth to see if that was the problem.  There are times the phones just shuts off and I find myself rebooting the phone several times a day because it does not want to respond. Tried contacting Motorola to see if they could help me, and they told me that this phone was not released in the US and couldn't help me.

Nice phone for overseas market. Does not play well with Consumer Cellular. Can't get 3g connection. Phone and simple text work fine. Virtually no accessories available without going to China. Motorola USA does not even list it on their product or support sites. You will be on your on.

Not working properly, just restarts, microphone and speaker does not work, nothing to listen when they call, I got it just a month ago and I hate it

There are tons of reasons not to like this phone. But most of all the touch screen does not work properly. I hate it.

The cell looks fine, but battery is always heating and you can't install too many apps since it has small internal storage and RAM. Processor is fine, but memory issues keep slowing the phone.

Great!!!!!!

Display resolution is bad. Connected to my TV and the picture quality shown on tv is so bad..Other Features on phone are good.

Wasn't sure how well this phone would work with the limited reviews over the net. This phone was made for another country but works just fine with GMS servers here in the U.S. Wifi if available is faster then the 2G. But then 2G isn't that bad when loading a video off youtube, takes about 30sec or so. Picture quality is wonderful and clear and has a great sound for a phone. Battery life goes fast but I guess that is normal for smart phones when messing on the net or playing on apps. Had the phone service tech set our phones up for us and he had problems with the phone wanting to revert back to another language. As I have used the phone it has not done this so not sure what he was doing to cause that. Also to take note the area we had phones set up had 4G service and the phone according to the tech guy said the phone picks 4G up. I would think so as a video on youtube was nearly instant to view. Have herd comments that the phone looks and operates like the Galaxy III from an owner of that phone. Phone does have a lot of options and takes some time to get to know. Instruction manual did come in English. And the Phone did come with USB cable and a wall charger which is used with the USB cable.  Will need to purchase a SD Micro card 32g or less as this is the largest it will accept. 32g is probably more then enough but for around 10 bucks why not.  Our phones did come new and unlocked.  I wrote this review 2 days after setting phones up. 4/13/14

I bought this for a friend  and he said that works pretty well in the country where he live so I think the purchased went fine for him

fast phone, great screen and touch, works just great, need a ext memory, the price is great, good speed performance.

This phone works quite well. It is sleek and modern and makes you feel that you are part of the smart phone era with not having to spend much funds. The only problem is that it requires charge every night. Otherwise its a cool phone.

Is a good cell phone, perhaps with a few RAM memory but enough for what a I think to use: to be in contact with my students (they don't need to know my main cell phone number). Has a good Android versi&oacute;n: Gingerbread (it is not upgradable to new Android version). Works right with my cell phone carrier. Motorola XT760 does the job !!!

An extremely powerful light equipment for its price.  is the best choice, if you search for profitability. I love this motorola.

Phone would not let me have a data connection out of the box.  After reading other reviews and a few google searches I was able to enter the correct apn info.  But once this problem is fixed it seems to be a good phone.  I had a motorola defy that I liked until  it started acting up.  So I bought the 760 because of similar design but better camera.  Camera seems great so far.  By the way my defy uses the same battery so I will use it as a charger for this phone.  Would be 5 stars if it worked out of box.  I hate having to take time to fix problems on a new phone.

my granddaughter likes the phone
