
Bought this phone for my husband as his 1st smartphone. He absolutely luvs it. wont put it down, geez. lol  I think it is perfect for him and has all the functions he needs plus more. perfect size for his pocket too. I liked the triple minutes, but they sure go fast!!

This is a great phone.  I have been a Tracfone customer for many years, in fact, my service end date is around 2025.  This phone does just about everything.  I can watch my home cam (I use the WIFI for heavy video or Netflix), Weather, email, any apps on Play Store, i run Norton mobile on it also with no problem in speed.  Its exactly what I have been waiting for from Tracfone.  Android 4.1 is perfect.  Great features at a great price.  Make sure you set your updates so they only work with WIFI.  There's an icon on top to do that for Mobile Data.  I turn it on when I want to run internet and than leave it off in general.I do not consider that a drawback since I am in control of what I spend and use.  I have watched my home cam, videos, and a ton of websites and have hardly used any data from my 600 MB i got with my phone.It uses the voice, data, and text time separately so your data time doesn't kill your talk time and you can add just data from a card or the website.This phone is amazingly economical.  I seriously laugh now when I see everyone else paying so much.  I still pay under 30 bucks a month for 4 YES FOUR phones to be active on the family plan.  I also don't live on my phone but i use it every day without question.  The WIFI reception is amazing.  I use the free magic jack app also and i can make free calls wherever there is WIFI.This phone is a perfect match.  LG is one of my favorite brands and I have had LG for quite a few years now.  LG600fg, 800g, 840g and now the LG39c.  Love it !!!!If you want to save a fortune and have some fun and helpful features - This is the phone !Update - Cases are now available on Amazon.

Had to return this phone. Two weeks after I got it, it started to freeze.  Make sure if you have problem you return it within the time frame allowed.

I finally decided to switch to a &#34;smart&#34; phone... Previousely had a LG900G with Net10 and wanted to upgrade through them but didn't like the fact that I needed to purchase a $50 a month plan to do so, so I switched to Tracfone so I could pay as I go... I only spend at most $22 a month and with triple minutes maybe even less!

I am thrilled that Tracfone finally has a smart phone.  It works well, can get on facebook with no problem.  I haven't tried the camera yet...but that wasn't a major decision in buying this phone.  I wanted something that could access the internet and this does.

the phoe is good like evrything about it but cant download my multimeda message unless I get them right away if they are not looked at when they first come in u can not down load them. Also you can not get sent mess. or read mess. Im look in to it with Trackfone

Best of the Tracfone's as of May `14, seems to be good for 5 days if wi-fi & data used sparingly & turned off when not needed.  Just the right size screen for pocket yet decent viewing resolution.  Got the Thousand Eight(TM) case and works great.

I needed to get a tracfone phone so I went for the ZTE valet first (50 $) , but my God was that a horrible phone! so I returned it and got  this (for 90$ ) because my friend had recommended it to me. And I'm so so so happy I got it. I paid a little more this time but you can not believe how happy I am with my new phone. My zte valet literally tortured me in every way possible : horrible wifi connectivity, terrible touch screen, almost no mobile coverage , and I spent a total of 5 hours on the phone with tracfone guys trying to get it activated.But.... my LG Optimus Dynamic II, oh my God, I activated it in like 10 minutes, touch screen works perfectly (although it randomly has a bit of a delay, but doesn't freeze), lots of memory on it, good camera (although no flash), I installed all sort of apps that I needed, battery doesn't need recharge for days (very much unlike my zte), strong wifi, and pretty much it has everything one may need in a cellphone.To sum it up it totally fits the bill. IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE MONEY, EVEN BETTER. I mean it is a miracle for 90$ !

Upgraded from an LG 800 that served me well until I started having problems with the AT&T network.  This one uses Verizon in my area.  Got this one based on reviews that stated that the Wi-Fi worked better on this phone than some others.  I also wanted to stick with LG, since I already had a car charger that I thought would fit this one.  It does.  There is a learning curve that I still haven't mastered after a month of use.  The one thing I don't like is the camera.  It's awful!  I added a 2 piece case and iLLimiShield screen protector and am glad I did.  I like this phone and it was priced right.

Nice phone for the price.

I have a lot of minutes on Trac from 10 years of being a customer. My old phone, a Samsung slider, was wearing out after 3 years. I wanted a smartphone because having data and apps is a lot more useful. You are lugging the thing around, why not have the camera, the music player, the GPS tracker, maps, TV Guide, whatever?It works on wifi so most of your data can come from wifi, not minutes. The deal is this, It's triple time but data is one minute = one MB of data. Not much data. But there's more. You can buy minutes and you have to maintain 'days', but if you have days in your bank, you can buy MBs of data with no days or minutes attached. It is getting a little complicated. Basically, data costs about 2.6 cents if you buy it direct. Minutes are more, even though they are tripled.I figure you do not want to use much data with this phone, but if you use small amounts, maybe 500 mb a month, it's a good deal. First off, it's Verizon, but it's the old 3G network. Good and broad, but slow. The 500 MB of data costs about $13 a month, and the phone time, the days, plus another 100 minutes runs maybe $8 a minute with a year card, to give you the days. That's $20 a month and nothing is that cheap that I could find. Remember, the huge advantage of Trac is that the minutes and the data roll over as long as you have days. Most data just evaporates on the renewal day. The nature of this phone makes it hard to eat up a lot of minutes. Stay away from video.You don't want to waste the data. My advice is to turn it off if you don't need it. You can end up using data if the wifi goes down, or something like that. Just turn it off and turn it one only when you need it, if you want to protect your data in the bank.The phone is low resolution, which hurts web browsing. You should use apps for news, weather, etc. You can surf the web, but set the screen to rotate. The mail apps are good. If you have Gmail and other Google services you get them with ease.The camera is nothing special though bright sun pix are OK. You can shoot pictures for emails or to show how you took something apart.The are a lot of fun apps like My Tracks from Google. It used the GPS to track you when you walk, run, bike, etc. It shows a map of where you want, how fast, and even how many calories. Free. Just download.Smartphones are fun and this phone puts it within reach of more people Learn how to not waste you data, and you'll get a lot for a little. The phone as a phone seemed to be OK, but I don't have much experience. These are quick impressions, just because I like Trac and this is a nice addition to what they do. They do things their way, but a lot of it works if you are the right kind of customer. The rollover data is great.Update:There is one glitch with this phone, with a simple solution. If you hold the phone in your left hand, dial voice mail, and try to enter you password, the screen blacks and it is hard to finish the entry. If you hold the phone in your right hand, and use your left hand (fingers) to enter the codes, it works. There's a proximity sensor or something that blanks the screen, but I'm not sure.There is a big advantage to a basic smartphone. It is impossible to use a lot of data if you keep it simple. I took the phone to the emergency room and ended up in care facilities for 3 weeks. I used this phone and it was fine. I ended up using a tiny amount of data for everything, mail, weather, searches, news, sports. I'm not talking any video, anything streaming.My only gripe is that Verizon to renting off their 3g network and it is not what it was. So it seems to be slow and weak almost everywhere I go. It works, but I have an LTE device I sometimes use, and it is more universal now, by far. Verizon is playing games with the 3g making it seem like it is something like the high cost network. I don't think so. It is more like Sprint where you get it where you get it (cities and highways) and then you don't. And a lot of times it is slow.I had a Tracfone flipfone before this, and the difference is huge. I'm using so little data the cost is barely worth worrying about, maybe a few bucks a month. The smartphone is a better phone. I use it in speaker mode and hold it in front of me.If you want a phone with a lot of functionality on the web, the premium stuff is the way to go. If you want a lot of apps, this phone will bog down. But this phone is much smaller than a premium smartphone, so it really is more of a phone with advanced data features. You'll still have music to listen to. I've read Kindle books. If you put 10 gigs of music on the SD card, it will slow the start up, adding at least 5 minutes.Updated May 9, 2014

I downsized from a galaxy 3s to this. The reason? Sprint was costing me $90 a month, and I rarely had bars in my own house. Under the Sprint contract, I was paying for a lot of services I never use, like downloading music, using the web, emails, etc. I use my laptop for that, and was still paying for in on Sprint. I LOVE the galazy 3s, and was going to move up to the 4 or 5s, but NOT with Sprint or any other major carrier (for the reasons noted above).Tracfone FINALLY has a somewhat smartphone that, for me, works for all the stuff I need, which is mainly texting, occasionally navigation, photos, alarm clock. AND I pay for what I use, and don't have to pay for apps I never use.With Zedge, I customized my ringtone, and I downloaded a couple other apps that I use and need.So far, my one and only gripe is with texting- even in landscape mode, the screen is a little small, and I keep hitting the period button. Annoying, but I'm sure with time I'll adjust. It's a small price to pay for the HUGE savings I'm gettingIf you don't need a lot of data storage, this is a good choice.

It's hard not to like this Tracfone LG L39C.  This L39C is my wife's new phone while I'm still using anLG 440G Prepaid Phone With Double Minutes (Tracfone)flip phone.I have a review posted for the LG 440G.  The 440G flip phone still offers better voice quality with fewer signal strength issues in my area.  This might be because the 440G runs on the ATT GSM service versus the Verizon CDMA service for this L39C.  However, the 440G flip phone is very bare bones once you look beyond voice communications.  It can receive email but can't send it.  My 440G doesn't even replace my dedicated MP3 player because there's no good way to import MP3 files, or any external files for that matter.  Forget maps or the web.This LG L39C is a step down on voice quality and service area from my 440G flip phone, but it is a very full featured device as long as your needs don't include a good camera or hardware add-ons.  I'll discuss the hardware issues later in this review.You don't have to spend a lot for an LG L39C.  My wife's came in a bundle with a one year Tracfone airtime card and a case and car charger.  A one year Tracfone card costs 100 USD and I've never seen it discounted.  My wife's bundle was 148 USD, making the L39C with case and car charger effectively 48 USD.  See the review by A.Wiersch dated 5/11/2014 for more info.It's amazing how much the L39C offers.  It's internal hardware includes a Bosch 3 axis accelerometer, orientation sensor, and magnetic field sensor.  GPS is included, although the ability to use the Russian GLONASS satellites is absent.  Wi-Fi connectivity is very good and includes the N protocol, but not the new AC protocol.  The battery is user replaceable, a big plus in my book.Triple minutes for life are included with this smartphone.  A one year Tracfone card comes with 400 minutes at face value, which get tripled by the L39C to 1200 minutes talk, 1200 texts, and 1200 MB of data.A 4 GB microSD card is pre-installed.  However, the L39C will accept up to a 32 GB microSDHC card and I would advise you to upgrade to one immediately upon receipt of your L39C.  It's easiest to swap the cards at inception so that nothing has to be transferred from the old card to the new one.  You'll want the space if you're going to load 2GB of offline maps, 10GB+ of MP3 tracks, plus have room left over for a movie or two for the plane.  I bought aG.Skill 32GB Micro SDHC Flash Memory Card (FF-TSDG32GN-C10)for 13.50 USD shipped.  Smaller and/or slower cards don't save enough money to be worthwhile so you may as well max out the L39C's storage capacity.  You can always transfer the card to your next phone or camera.There's a lot you can do with an L39C.  Email is easy to type.  Better still, shut off mobile data to save on Tracfone network costs and there's still a lot available.  Use the L39C for offline GPS maps and navigation.  Install a magnetic compass app.  Map your hike or bicycle ride using the GPS for approximate speed and distance information.  View the night sky with a star map app.  Share files via DropBox.  Transfer your MP3 files via a USB connection from your laptop computer and ditch the dedicated MP3 player.  Etc., etc.  This L39C easily earns a five star rating for its value versus price.  Asking for more is like asking for fries with that.However, I am that person who would like more, and there are some hardware limitations.First and foremost, BlueTooth is limited to the old and obsolete 3.0 protocol.  I had hoped to use the LG39C with the MapMyRide bicycle cyclometer app and a heart monitor chest strap, plus cadence and mileage/speed sensors.  This isn't possible because all current cadence, mileage/speed, and power sensors require BT 4.0 or at least ANT+.  You may be able to pair the L39C with the obsoleteZephyr HxM Bluetooth Wireless Heart Rate Sensor for Android and Windows Phone 8which uses BT 3.0, but most fitness apps won't support the combination.  Don't confuse the older Zephyr HxM that I've linked to with the newer and less expensive versions that require BT 4.0.Worse, USB On The Go (a/k/a USB OTG or USB On-The-Go) isn't available, at least not by default.  USB OTG is basically Android-speak for a fully functional USB port that can be used much as you would use the USB port on a laptop computer.  For example, you can't plug a USB flash memory stick or a portable hard drive into the LG39C even if you use a micro USB male to USB-A female adapter cable with external power.  That means that you also can't use a USB dongle to pick up ANT+ connectivity.  See my 5/30/2014 comment to this review for the OTG post-mortem.The LG39C doesn't have an IR port to control a TV or home entertainment system.Also, the camera feature is barely there.  There's no screen facing camera so this isn't a device to use with Skype.  The rear facing camera is OK for outdoor snapshots but the quality is low, plus there's no flash and no focusing mechanism at all.  Lack of focus means you can't scan barcodes, at least not very well.One of the real selling points for good smartphones is that you can leave your dedicated shirt pocket camera at home.  The L39C won't free you from lugging around a separate camera.So, appreciate the LG L39C for what it can do, not what it can't.Being a bit OCD with my introduction to the Android OS, I've researched the Android ecosystem to death since getting the LG 39C.  I'll post a series of comments to this review over the course of the next few weeks to save you the hours I'll never get back.  Each comment will be listed below as they're added.(1) My first comment (5/10/2014) discusses rooting my L39C.(2) Greenify is the most useful utility I've found.  It allows you to hibernate apps that don't need to be running constantly.  Greenify provides its greatest benefit on a rooted phone that spends most of its time on standby waiting for incoming calls.  Standby time is now 5 days between charges.  My 5/13/2014 comment provides a time saving orientation.

I have used this phone for almost 2 months and I would say that overall this is a great beginner smartphone and it can do more than I expect with the consideration of no contract and low monthly fees. However, I think my charger port was defective when I bought it but I just recently found out. When I used it for the first week, I found the charger was very difficult to plug in to the port but at that time I thought might be just because it was new. I found recently that it is not the case and actually the small chip inside the charger port is distorted and that's why the charger could not plug in smoothly, and the situation now is even worst -- the charger can only loosely attach to the port for charging. It still can be charged but the charger fall off very easily. Therefore for those who are going to buy this phone, make sure that the charger port looks fine with no charger connection problem.

The screen protector was too large and too difficult to center on screen. 3 attempts, and all 3 ended up in the trash.

*** Update One Month LaterReplacement phone seems to be working fine! No issues with new phone's USB port*** Original ReviewWhile some seem to be having good luck, I think my review is the fourth one questioning the reliability of the charge port.First one we got charge port broke after a week. Got a warranty replacement. This one's charging port feels a little "wonky"Person using phone has other items with same style port as well - old phone, tablet, MP3 player, etc with never an issue.Suggest searching reviews as more come in for things like "charge", "charging", "USB" to see if this is reported more & more as this phone becomes more widely used.Sure we can replace it under warranty but first replacement took nearly two weeks.Otherwise it's nice for a cheap phone. Works well for the price.

I bought this phone less than a month ago, it has some nice features for a tracfone. It's a very small phone but still it is a prepaid minutes phone. The charger port just broke yesterday, I can't fit the charger into the port anymore. I went to try and have it repaired, it will cost $75.00 to fix it and I bought the cell for around $90.00. Not worth the fix. Obviously this phone is cheaply made to break so easily. Do not buy this phone. I don't recommend it at all. Thanks to Amazons great customer service, I have been refunded the full amount of the phone. Thank you so much, Amazon!

Decent android phone.Sluggish at times. But gets the job done for 100 bucks.  Would reccomend to tracphone customers at least until they get the BYOP working better.

I've had the phone for about 2 months and its been working fine. I'm not a heavy phone user. If I was I might not be with Tracfone. If you like their plan and want a smartphone, this one can handle the job. I initially tried the ZT Valet, but experienced the weak wifi that others have complained about (lost signal 20ft from router). The wifi on the LG is great. Using the same router I can go about 150ft before the signal weakens too much to use. I haven't tried gaming on it, but all the apps I have run smooth. I miss a front facing camera for skype, but can live without it for the price. The back facing camera is just ok. Pictures aren't grainy but they're not sharp either. Size-wise it's a nice fit for a pocket. Texting is a bit tough for me but made easier in landscape orientation. The battery seems to be strong: in standby/minimal use it takes days to drop down enough for me to feel I should charge it. Though once I left wifi for a day on and it drained pretty severely, I think due to auto-updating apps. After disabling that I can leave wifi on all day with an open chat client running and it hardly dents the battery charge.

Pretty nice phone for the money.Recommend

I love the LG Optimus Dynamic II-LG39C-Android, it works fantasticly I haven't had a problem with it yet the only thing that annoys me is the fact that you can't see your balance of minuets ...

Great phone, great value, long time Tracfone customer!I upgraded from my Tracfone LG 840g to the new LG l39c and have been enjoying it for the last two weeks!I was nervous on making the purchase, I have not seen the l39c advertised on the Tracfone website for the last month. In early February it was listed as an option for my zip code, but that was the last time I saw it on their site. I do not know what the story is, I would think they would advertise the l39c as a front runner to their smart phone line?I purchasing on Amazon, the l39c phone + Einzige slim silicone shell case cover (designed for LG Optimus L4 II E440) + iLLumiShield screen protector. The phone and iLLumiShields arrived promptly and are perfect for each other (see my review for iLLumiShield / 3-26-14 - by Randy) The Einzige case arrived nearly two weeks later, after making microphone hole adjustments the case fits perfect (see review for Einzige / 3-26-14 - by Randy).The l39c has been labeled as entry level, and since this is my first smart phone, I do not have other smart phones to compare. Just a heads up, I do not talk on the phone much, text all day long, I search the web or stream video using Wi-Fi and not 3g data. My previous Tracfone LG 840g was an upgrade from my LG flip phone (a big improvement). Because the LG 840g had Wi-Fi with some web capabilities and at $8 a month, I told friends (paying hundreds of dollars more) it was a "wise phone" rather then a "smart phone". The new LG l39c is a true "smart phone" and I have not set it down since it arrived. The fact that it still cost $8 a month to operate makes it both a "Smart and Wise phone"!Transferring my existing Tracfone number and minutes went smoothly using my online account. A message said it may take 24 hours, but I think it was about an hour. All 2900 existing minutes transferred into the new Tracfone min/text/data tank as advertised 2900/2900/2900.The phone screen is noticeably larger, very responsive to touch and scrolls beautifully. The phone feels nice in my hand, but with a smooth plastic housing a rubber or silicone case is necessary. The Wi-Fi is stronger then my old LG 840g and connects to the house Wi-Fi automatically. The bluetooth is a lot better also, it connects automatically to my car's Garmin GPS w/bluetooth and all of my contacts show up perfectly in the Garmin phone book. Even if I change the bluetooth to the house stereo it will remember the car.I synced the LG calendar to Google calendar and synced Google calendar to my Mac iCal (it works great, see YouTube suggestion near bottom for help). Also, the email is very good and have both my Gmail and Comcast email all set up.Common complaints:* I know a lot has been said for battery life - I have charged it almost every night, but to be honest, I play with it all the time!* 3mp camera - still an upgrade from my old LG 840g 2mp camera (which took okay photos during the day).* No flash - battery would just drain faster with a flash anyways!* No facing camera - would have been nice for Skype, no loss concerning selfies!* Buttons on bottom don't light up - after playing with it for a couple of weeks I don't even look at the buttons!* My only REAL issue... I do not see any options for turning ascending (or fading) ring tones OFF.  It is a feature that gradually increases the ring tone from soft to loud. I tried the app "Disable Increasing Ring" and it kind of worked but it distorted the ring in weird ways and added lag time, so I Uninstalled it! If anyone has a solution, please post comment!Apps I installed and recommend (all Free):* Tracfone My Account. (slow but good, sends free text with tank info, wish it did it automatically when activated instead of asking me to see balance and then sending text)* Batter Doctor. (helps a lot in keeping battery draining apps in check!)* CM Security (Scans apps and data for virus, etc...)* Clean Master / One Tap Boost (App Manager, cleans junk files, boost memory )* Mobiwol (Firewall, Connection Logs, Data Usage)* AppMgr III (Great for sending movable apps to SD, fyi 32GB class 10)* Dropbox (great for transferring and organizing files from my mac)* OK Scan (UPC scanner, only works with the QR codes (square) not the UPC (vertical lines) codes* ViewRanger GPS (works well so far on tracking walks in the neighborhood. Looking forward to using it kayaking this summer.)* Facebook (Great, makes me want to use Facebook more often)* Sudoku Daily (very good, not easy)Also search for a great YouTube instructional by Adam Carroll on Syncing iCal (Mac calendar) to Google Calendar [...]Bottom line, the LG l39c is by far more superior to the LG 840g (and I liked the LG 840g!) and worth every penny!Would buy it again in a heart beat!Randy

10

Love it!!

I've been a tracfone customer for about 5 years, and I'm a bit unhappy with this phone so far.When I got it, I charged it up, then went through the menus.  I was unable to get a DCHP address from my router.  My last 3 laptops and my last 2 phones were fine.  I put in static information and was able to proceed.  After registering the phone and getting everything set up, it just sounds muddy.  Just to make sure, I switched over to my old phone and everything sounded fine.  The person I was talking to said they immediately heard an improvement in the voice quality as well.  I tried calling from another phone and it was fine as well.Maybe I got a bum phone but at the end of the day, a phone doesn't need a bunch of features, it needs to be a phone.  That means able to make and receive calls.  And to make and receive calls, it better sound clear.  at least as clear as the $9 one I picked up at walgreens.

Most features work fine but could not load msn.com email.  Tried many logical procedures but no success, so called tracfone helpline.  After two hours of them walking me through the same procedures, I concluded they had no experience or expertise in this area.  As I had already loaded the same email account on my kindle hd fire and another android phone with no problems, it was clear to me the problem was ith the phone or tracfone's protocals. Trying to decide what to do next.

This is a very slow android phone.  I had a samsung Galaxy 3 previously.  It's a shame that tracfone can not use the better android phones.  It is really not useful at all, other than the phone.

Bought these tracfones because I wanted out of contracts and out of the Iphones.  The features to this phone are as good if not better than my Iphone.  And, the cost is substantially less to use.  Love these phone!!!!!

Meets my expectations for my first smart phone. It's still a learning process with the various apps available. All in all it's a very good phone.

Worth what I paid for. I'm happy with it. I have no more to say.  If you want people to review more often than reduce the required words.

happy withit so far!

poor signal strength, not even close to my old tracfone 376g, androids use different carrier than their G phones and because of this the coverage isn't as good

This is by far the best smartphone available for Tracfone.Pros:1) Uses Verizon towers, which provides 3G data access virtually everywhere2) More than fast enough for basic apps (email, maps, text messages, etc)3) Great value for data.  Triple minutes/texts/data means that for $27/month (one $80 card for 450 Minutes every 90 days), you can get 450MB of data/month.  By comparison, Verizon prepaid gives you 500MB for $45/month.Cons:1) Sluggish if you use games or even moderately data-intensive apps (e.g., streaming music).2) Call quality can be somewhat tinny.BOTTOM LINE- This is a great entry-level smartphone for people who don't need their phone to be a gaming and/or productivity device.  And the value on 3G data is second to none.

I'm truly amazed that a phone at this price point, with pay-as-you-go rather than a contract, has this many features.  I'm sure there are many that I haven't even tried as yet.  I downloaded the user manual because the limited info that came with the phone doesn't even begin to cover everything you need to know to use the phone effectively.  I'm not a &#34;phonaholic&#34;....it's not my lifeline but a necessary evil.  If you're looking for something less than an I-phone, this one will do nicely.

I like it a lot.  I've downloaded a few apps from the playstore and it seems to handle them well.  Nice phone features and battery life is good for a couple of days for me.  Service transferred without any hitches.  No regrets on this purchase at all.

It's fast, good sound for playing music, works with all the apps and games so far.It's absolutely awful as a phone though, if i make 10 calls at least 8 of them will have choppy sound with lots of cut outs and static, even with a strong connection.Took four days for the service to transfer over, but only after calling customer service twice, the second time they had me dial a number and it automatically updated the phone's software, which made it finally work like it was supposed to.

This is my latest in a string of Tracfone upgrades and it is far and away the best. Got it right before a 3 week road trip and it was invaluable for email, texting, looking up destinations and as a GPS. As a phone it gets worse reception than most of the others I've had, probably due to changes Tracfone has made in providers more than the phone itself. With the Xfinity (Comcast) app, I got email in the most unlikely places and it used very little of my allotted bandwidth. It did so well I cancelled my mobile hotspot account immediately upon my return home. Wish I could tether my tablet and laptop to it. Also wish it was less slippery and had a front facing camera. It has been difficult to learn to use the keyboard. I didn't give it 5 stars for those reasons and because it froze on me yesterday.

great fit

Tracfone has finally done it, it is not as great as my Samsung, but it is good, very easy to use.

I had a problem with unlocking the screen, I resolved the problem by taking the battery out.I am still having a recurring problem with MMS messages.  I get a &#34;message expired&#34; message witha download button that doesn't do anything when clicked on.

I found it works the way it is suppose to work. It is clear and it sticks. Very easy to put on.

First smartphone,, fairly easy to use. Has a lot of great features. Eveyrthing works as expected. Fun to use and texting is easy.

This phone is pretty good.Good:1) The phone has a nice operating system for most of todays greatest apps.2) Has plenty of space for downloading apps.Bad:1) Is really expensive. The cheapest price is on Amazon/Ebay.2) Low RAM. The phone has less than 500 MB RAM, and you have to go to the settings and stop the majority of programs yourself so you can do something else.But since Tracfone now has the BYOP, you can bring an iPhone to Tracfone. (ONLY 4 & 4S) You can only get them used, and only for Verizon and CDMA. You will only have to spend 20 more dollars than the price of this phone.

I spent quite a long time reading reviews before choosing this phone. I have been using it now for three weeks. It is everything I hoped it would be. Phone (talk) quality is very good. Texts are organized by conversations. I rarely use the data, but when I need it, it's much faster than my old 2 g service. Like having wi-fi and use that a lot. If you are a tracfone user wanting to upgrade to an android phone, l Highly recommend this one.

Took me a little while to figure it out, but once I started using it, I am very happy with my phone. Tracfone needs to catch up with the new phone and give me more options.

I have had a Trac Phone for a couple of years and just wanted to upgrade.This phone is easy to use and reasonably priced.I really appreciate the bluetooth feature and ease of use when driving.The speak text message feature is nice but often is unclear what I said so you need to remember to proof the text.

My daughters got me one of these for Father's Day and I love it. Very easy to use and it works great everywhere. So pleased with it that we purchsed this one for our youngest daughter as a graduation present.

Just a little difficult to get used to after a less complicated phone. It would be nice if better instructions on use were included.

Operates much smoother and faster, ZTE had a ton of lag compared to this. For the money, this is the best tracfone going. I would highly recommend.

Have had numerous Tracfones but this is the best one yet.  Very much a smartphone and appears to be made much better than previous models.  Only problem is trying to find pouches and/or cases for it as they just dont exist.

This is a great piece of hardware for the price and the service where I live is good.The problem is in how Tracfone is applying minutes to new Android phones.  Instead of talking, texting, and data pulling from one bucket, you get the same number of each: minutes of talking, megabytes of data, and texts.  You can't buy any of these three without also buying the other two!  And texts no longer use 0.3 minutes, they use a whole &#34;text minute.&#34;  (How can an SMS message that is 160 characters (or less) be considered equivalent to a megabyte of data!)If Tracfone wants to count voice/data/sms separately, then they need to sell them separately, too.  They already sell &#34;data only&#34; minutes for these phones, so why not texts?Unless they change this, I am not sure what to do, because it will roughly double my airtime charges, making Tracfone more expensive than a monthly plan from another provider.  But I just spent $90 on the phone.

this model is perfect for my needs, of all the tracfone models I have had, this is the one I love, this model should have been out long time ago.

Of all the phone's I've had this is the best never had a phone that has as much easier and more people friendly.

the best trac-fone I've had so far, the battier need charging ever day, im not used to that. Dose most everything

As others have said, cheap charging port broke and cannot be fixed.  Sticky from start and just kept getting worse.

I've used tracfone service for 10 years.  It's nice keep the service and have an android phone too.  Phone features are decent, it's pleasant to use, and it has a newer OS version.  Any apps I've tried have worked fine.  No problems getting on Verizon's network anywhere I've been. (All tracfone android phones used verizon.)  Bang for the buck, I'm quite pleased.

I really like this phone.  It is not too big, not to small.  Just the right size for a phone.  However the verizon signal it uses is another thing.  It seems to be hit or miss depending on where you are. But as far as the phone goes, I really like it.

THIS PHONE CAN COMPETE WITH THOSE COSTING HUNDREDS MORE, AND BESIDES YOU CAN USE TRACFONE FOR SUPER CHEAP RATES.  WE WANTED A PHONE THAT COULD BRING IN THE WEB/WEATHER CHANNELS, SINCE WE WERE AT A FAIR AND SOMEONE WITH A CELL PHONE SAID, &#34;THERE IS A SEVERE STORM COMING WITH POSSIBLE TORNADO!&#34; HAVING RADAR IMAGES AT YOUR FINGERTIPS IS PRICELESS!

I am very happy with this phone so far.  Really nice upgrade from the LG840G, was unable to make or receive calls on that phone, but could get on internet.  This phone, with the help of a tracfone representative, got my phone #, minutes and service days left switched over, even though it took a while over the phone I wanted to make sure it was done right.  This phone does everything I was hoping it would do without any contracts, which I don't care for.  No problem making or receiving calls either with the Verizon network now.  I am looking to upgrade to the 32 gb sd card, and how to successfully do that without losing any data, or apps.  Don't have a lot on it yet, but want to get the new sd card in soon.  Am new to the smartphone vs basic phone and wanted to do it right.  Like others said, the phone is slippery, so I highly recommend you get a case for it, which Amazon now carries.  Very sleek, classy looking phone, just like one of your more high end ones.  Love the bigger, easier to read screen.  The apps and games I have put on went in with no problem, and fast too.  Battery life also seems pretty decent .There is so much more you can do on this phone vs the other tracfones, its great!  You won't regret upgrading to this phone.  Still have more to explore.

Runs Android v4.1 which supports all the features I require.  Wifi works with no issues.  Sussessfully transferred my phone number and minutes from my existing Tracfone.  I use Mobiwol to control which applications are restricted to Wifi only data access. This keeps my Tracfone data consumption to a very minimal level.

Received LG L39C Smartphone on 1 May, activated online @ Tracfone, transferred number and minutes from LG 840.  Reason for upgrade, wanted to use OnStar app, banking app, GPS app, and NOAA weather app, all apps work perfectly on this phone.  Bluetooth auto-connects to my truck for hands-free calls, initial pairing of vehicle and phone was straightforward.  Added bonus upgrading from LG 840, chargers, etc., work with LG L39C&#8230;Battery life is good, (comparable to LG 840) though Bluetooth, Wi-fi, GPS, and Data are turned on only when needed.  Basically, Wi-fi is on at home, Bluetooth is on in my vehicle.  Contacts list easily transferred from LG 840 to LG L39C using Bluetooth, same with pictures.  Verizon 3G coverage is good in my area, cdma service is reliable, all at a bargain price.For my needs and use, this is a near perfect phone, and (Tracfone) service.  Just needed to run a couple apps, don&#8217;t use phone for games or music, internet use is minimal, occasional text, and occasional phone call.  If you don&#8217;t need or want the fastest processor, absolute latest tech, or unlimited access, the LG L39C (and Tracfone) may very well suit your smartphone needs too.

I wanted to up grade my old flip phone. I like this phone , it is easier to use than the old one. A lot more features and the triple minuteswill be nice.  Duane

this is a great tracfone finnaly tracfone is upgradingphones with fi is excellent even outside my HouseI'm talking about that lg dynamic new model its better than the ztevalet seller was very fast product came ad advertisedwould order from him again love my new fone

Nice phone...still learning about it but very happy so far!

This is a Tracfone, not an I-Phone, so you have to expect that you're not going to have all the bells and whistles of an I-Phone, an expensive LG or Samsung.  That said, I purchased this when the Samsung Tracfone I'd had for just 6 months stopped working.  The only to fix is to mail it back to Samsung.  So I bought this and transferred my minutes and plan.  The screen is a nice size, I found it easy to use and, unlike most of them, this phone comes with a 4 gb SD Card.  I upgraded to a 32 gb since I carry a lot of music on my phone.  It's only been a week, but I'm happier with this than I was with the Samsung Galaxy Centura.  If your choosing between the two... take the LG.

I like it for my first smartphone!  I am still exploring all it's options but it works fine.  Only complaint so far is the screen goes black a lot, even when an email or call is being received and I have to hit the power button first.  May be a setting issue so I'm working on it.

It took Tracfone a week to fedex me an envelope so I could fedex my nonfunctional phone to them and then they fedexed my new phone back.  The reason it wasn't lower is they gave me 5 extra weeks and credit to make up for the loss of use.  For the price I find it very good value

BIGGEST THING THAT I DO NOT LIKE WITH THIS PHONE IS THAT THERE IS NO MANUAL, NOT EVEN ONE ONLINE TO DOWNLOAD.  IT IS VERY FRUSTRATING TO TRY TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO USE THE PHONE.

I've been a Tracfone user for several years.  I'm very impressed with this phone and that I can get most of the smartphone features without giving up the Tracfone pricing.  It may not be an iPhone but it has most of the features and benefits of one.

love it

This is my first smart phone, but so far I like it. I haven't had it long enough to say more.

I have been a Tracfone customer for many years and have had no problems with the service. I purchased this phone in January and my only complaint is that it is very slippery and you can't find a case for it.Battery life is excellent lasts 2 or more daysYou can turn off 3g and use Wifi onlyPerfect size phoneTriple minutesGreat for those who don't need to be on data all the time. Its great for a first time smartphone customer.

Very good smartphone. I don't need an unlimited plan that charges monthly so this smartphone works great for me. The phone is a lot like an iPhone 3gs, maybe a little better.I have had no issues with the phone at all. If you want to be enslaved by a large cell phone carrier and pay $800 for an iPhone and then 80 dollars a month go for it!  This phone is more than worth the $85 you will pay for it!

I bought this phone as a replacement for a Samsung Galaxy Centura. Unlike the Centura, this one keeps perfect time!One thing I really like about this phone is the drop down Notifications bar that is at the top of the settings screen. It makes it easy to switch from wifi to data, for example. Other settings available on the Notifications screen are Airplane, Power Saver, Sync, screen Rotation, GPS, Bluetooth, Sound, Quick Memo.The screen display is bright and sharp. It's also very responsive, even when using a plastic screen shield.3G performance is acceptable. Although there are locations where there are a couple of bars, I haven't had any dropped calls.I only use WiFi at home. As with 3G, sometimes the signal level shows as being low, but it always stays connected to my router, which is important to me because I listen to Internet radio quite a bit via TuneIn and iHeart.I also use it as a music player on my home stereo.The phone has never frozen or locked up as the Samsung was constantly doing.Battery life could be better. However, if I used the phone mostly as a phone instead of a multifunction device, I suspect it would be fine.The major quibble I have with this phone over the Samsung is that there is no way to set data usage limits. So if you aren't careful and you don't set apps to update only over WiFi, you could run out of data unexpectedly.Physically, the phone's size is just about right. Not too big, not too small.The case is very slippery. You will need to get an aftermarket case that has come grip to it.

Relatively easy to enter contacts; great messaging capability with digital keyboard.  Easy to find messages.  Linking to wifi was simple and using mobile connections also.  Music downloaded from by computer just by dragging folders!

I think this is one of the best buys I have made. The phone works perfectly and the learning process went very well. Apps are easy to load and work just fine, although you have to keep in mind the screen is small and somethings are better left to a pad device. The savings you get from this phone over an i phone are indeed spectacular.

I switched to this phone about 3 months ago from a TracFone flip phone.The transfer went smoothly on-line.Many of the reviews cover the phone well.I like the TracFone smart phone service. When I transferred my minutes, the new phone got that many minutes plus that many texts plus that many MB of data. Then I bought a 1500 min card from TracFone for about $200 and put on the phone and with the triple minutes, it added 4500 min + 4500 texts + 4.5 GB of data. With this phone you can easily turn the data connection on and off so I usually keep the data off and get my e-mails, browse the web, etc when I have a WiFi connection - but the 3G data is still available if I need it. The $200 minutes, texts, & data should easily last me a year. Try to match that with a regular carrier.

Where else can you have an Android for less than $7.00/mo?  Does everything the big names do at a fraction of the cost. And isn't LG a 'big name'?I've been with TracFone for several years now and the amount I've saved thus far using their Triple Minutes Program could probably buy me a couple iPhone 5s today.Very fast Qualcomm 1.0gHz processor, and excellent sound quality compared to my LG800 and LG840.The Samsung Galaxy Centura is a nice phone also and competes well with the LG39c, but I like the 3.8in screen on this one and it doesn't suffer from the "5hr -clock/time zone issues" the Centura does.I'm glad I didn't have to leave TracFone to get a Smartfone.  And TracFone's "Triple-Minutes" program makes this Android a steal!  Buy 400 -- get 1200 (minutes, texts, and data).  Unbelievable.

This is a very usable android smartphone. Specs are decent all the way around and it works fine for me (although I'm really only interested in phone, maps and web browser and for these it works well). I like it. I'm giving it 5 stars because a really good android smartfone + inexpensive/reliable tracfone service = 5 stars for me.Things I wish they would improve for this to be great (in case LG reads these reviews):- Higher resolution screen (small text is hard to see in web browser, you can pinch to zoom though)- Rubberized backing (phone is a little slippery)- A tad thinner and lighter- backlit control buttons- external led light indicating you have a messageThat's it.Updated 02/22/2014I just got the TPU case for the LG Optimus L4 ii E440 (Gosear brand) and it's great for texture and protection. It fits perfectly except for the microphone hole. I just heated a nail (held with pliers) to easily push thru a new hole. The case came all the way from China in exactly one week (I can remember when mail would take a week just to go to the next state).

Great phone works well able to text , call ,browse inter net .  Transferred contacts ,  Bluetooth  hookup easy .  Just can't get a music media player to accept my loading my old albums from my cd collection I am still working on that part

I just received this LG Dynamic II phone and was very happy with how easy it was to activate online. I have had Tracfone service for over 9 years and love it. (I'm not a big cell phone user.)  When this phone arrived, I went to my online account and entered the information they asked for and within a few minutes my new phone was activated with my old phone number and carryover minutes. I moved my contacts list from my old phone to the new one by turning on Bluetooth on both phones and clicking on search.Update: 6/26/14I have had this phone for almost 2 months now and it works just fine. Meets my needs. If you are expecting to get an iphone do not buy this phone. If you want an inexpensive smartphone then I would recommend this phone and Tracfone service. I have saved a lot of money over the last 10 years by using Tracfone. I have been able to make and receive calls and texts from anyone. I recommend Tracfone for people who are not big cell phone users and those who want to spend less on phone service.

First off, I like the Dynamic II a lot - I definitely recommend it. Secondly, keep in mind it's a sub $100 phone so it's not going to run 500 apps at the same time or have a super duper high resolution screen. Its specs are just fine and pair well with TracFone's pay as you go Android rates.Pros:- 3.8&#34; screen is large enough, yet compact and is nice enough- Android 4.1 out of the box (no need to root or flash custom ROMs)- EXCELLENT WiFi performance- Good quality and loud speaker- Decent battery life- Good onboard storage, plus included 4GB microSDCons:- Slippery housing, hard to find cases- 4:3 aspect screen makes the phone short and wide- 3MP camera is fixed focus, and no flash (so no barcode scanning or mobile deposit)- 1GHz single-core CPU and 512MB ram is a bit barebones, but sufficient- No auto brightness- NO BACKLIT CAPACTIIVE BUTTONS! What was LG thinking?!Initial impressions:I like it. For $99, I feel it's worth the money. The 4:3 aspect screen is a bit weird for a phone, I prefer 16:9. 4:3 is basically wider and shorter (think more like a square) while 16:9 is longer and narrower, like a rectangle - 16:9 is what most all phones are these days. A larger screen would definitely be helpful, but 3.8&#34; is fine. The Dynamic II's resolution is a bit low so some text/pictures may look a little rough around the edges, but still very usable.Speed/responsiveness:I know some are concerned that the single core 1GHz CPU and 512MB of RAM will be a huge downgrade from say, the Droid X2 which is dual-core. Honestly, I feel that the Dynamic II is more responsive. I have a feeling that may be Android 4.1 being more efficient with its resources than 2.3 on my X2. It is no speed demon but I'm happy. Runs my usuals just fine - Instagram, HoFo, TuneIn Pro, Dropbox, WordFeud etc.Reception:Very good. WiFi reception is exceptional. It's the best out of all my phones, including my $600 LG G2. I've read numerous times that the TracFone ZTE Valet Android phone has terrible WiFi reception, which to me is a deal breaker because you'll want to be on WiFi whenever possible to save on your mobile data - having crappy WiFi can make that difficult. Verizon (the underlying network TracFone uses for this phone) is excellent in my area so I didn't expect any problems with call quality and haven't had any. Do note that data speeds and reception will vary depending on your particular area. Ask friends/family on Verizon how their service is before purchasing this phone to get an idea of how well it will work.Battery life could always use improvement but I find it will last two days with light use - one day of heavy use. It has a bunch of the little features my G2 has, like pop-up notification for messages (when you're in another app) and QuickMemo. You will HAVE TO memorize which capacitive button is where if you will use the phone in the dark. They are not backlit (huge mistake by LG) so it's impossible to see in the dark. They are reflective so during most everyday use, you'll be able to see them.Any questions, feel free to ask in the comments. I've had TracFone for almost 15 years, back when it was $20 for 30 minutes - ha! My needs have changed so I use an iPhone 5S and LG G2 on T-Mobile, but I have kept my always-reliable TracFone service as an extra line.

There is no no need to not have a smart phone.  I hesitated and then took the plunge.  I'm glad I did.  you can get internet whever there is a hot spot and then your emails don't eat into your minutes.  Plus once your APPS are added an down loaded to your phone you can use them anywhere.  I like the phone.  I like the APPS.  I recommend it!

Love the new features and now I have three capabilities...talk, text and data minutes without the monthly billing. Really like it.

Like the phone O K.  However, it lacks features that the older model of the same phone had which I really liked and don't understand why they were dropped.

While this entry level (for Tracfone) Android Smartphone is a clear improvement over all the previous Tracfone's offered (improvement in cell phone size= easier operational functionality and readability), it's really disappointing to learn after my purchase that this &#34;smartphone&#34; has no ability to apply itself to mobile banking. One of the great assests touted about smartphones is that you can take picture images of a signed check (both sides) and deposit it into your mobile banking app. No need to go to the bank. BUT, you can't do that with THIS phone- Tracfone doesn't utilize OIS (Optimal Image Stabilization) which is necessary to take crisp auto-focused images of the check in question. Of course, they do not tell you of that shortcoming in their advertizing of the LG39c 'smartphone'. So, be warned- I guess it's not a very 'smart' phone.Tracfone reps said to call LG. LG says to call Tracfone. Bottom line, I'm stuck with a bogus Android-not-so-&#34;Smartfone&#34;.My rating should be, at best, 2-1/4 stars, but they don't offer that much finesse in this star-rating system.Still, it is a clear improvement over the really, really basic Tracfones.

It is a great &#34;prepay&#34; phone for the entry in to the current android field of phones! Yes, there are better smart phones out there, but This one is just great for my needs. Upgraded from the LG840G. Night and day diferance in the features and capabilities. The LG840G is a great phone in it's own right, but my needs have changed beyond what the LG840G can deliver!

I like the large bright screen and the volume is good, but the pictures taken with the camera are not nearly as sharp as they are on a friend's I Phone. Also it will not connect to the internet at any Wi Fi hotspot where a security code is entered---saying there is an authentication failure (whatever that means).

I love the phone it is all I'll ever need. I even use it to read bar codes on groceries using the weight watchers app! But I returned the  LG39C I ordered from Amazon and reordered from a different source as I deemed the vendor was unreliable. So the phone gets five stars and the vendor gets one star that averages out to three stars. Great prepaid phone, great reception, great

We got a phone for my husband & myself.  We like the convience of a TracFone Plus the features of a smart phone.  Works great.

This is my first smartphone, although I live on tablets so I am quite used to Android.  My tablet has 2gb of memory and 16gb of internal storage.  This phone has 500mb of memory and 2gb of internal storage.  That pretty much says it all.  It you run something memory intensive, like a moving weather map, it may choke on it.  The problem, in my opinion, is not the phone so much as Google/Android (comes with version 4.1.2).  It's always loading all kinds of junk I don't need.  Before I start surfing, I always have to run a memory-clearing program.  The other problem with Google/Android is it does not let me move many apps to my 32gb micro SD card I added (the phone comes with a 4gb card).  I may have to have the phone rooted to get satisfactory performance.Screen resolution is decent, not spectacular.  Phone reception is about the same as for my basic cellphone.  Sound quality is decent as well.Overall, I would rate this as a nice entry-level smartphone.  But it's hard for the phone to overcome the shortcomings, in my opinion, of Google/Android.  If Android gave me more control, I suspect I would like the phone a lot more.

Very happy with this phone, tracfone is so much cheaper and yet I have all the features I need in a phone..

only problem, there are no protective cases available yet for this model.  Took 90 minutes on the phone for tracfone to transfer all my minutes from my old phone.

I really like this phone. It works well and it has a large screen. I think it is a good value for the price.

Great purchase for an Android phone.  Just need to remember that is a very basic Android and not an IPhone.  I can still change the wallpaper, ringtones and such as needed.  There are some great free apps that are very helpful too.

This phone seems to have enormous potential except for it's antenna or reception of signal. I have 2 cheap tracfones that receive a signal inside my house. In years past the reception was a problem but as the phones improved so did the reception. The new LG L39C won't even show one bar inside my house and standing in the driveway the signal fades in and out of one bar. If you have had issues with reception in the past you won't want to own this phone!

I have to say I really like this phone a lot although I'm still learning. I'm a newbie to smartphones but have been with Tracfone for years. The phone does everything I need. No, it's not an I phone but it's a very nice phone.While everyone is looking desperately for a case for this phone, the only one that's out that fits it perfectly is for the  Lg E445 Optimus L4 II Dual. All the holes line up perfectly for the L39C. The only problem is this is the ONLY one I can find.  Here's a link[...]That being said, I ordered the one for the Lg Optimus L4 ll E440 and it fits perfectly with one exception. The microphone hole is a little off. More to the back while it needs to be more to the front This was easily fixed with a pair of leather punchers. The case gives you a good grip as the phone is a bit slippery.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FXHOZBK/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Here is a link for the correct screen protectors[...]I hope this helps anyone looking for a case & protectors until they make them specifically for the LG L39CUpdate 2/16/2014I just discovered if you click on the Browser App and enter your phone number, it creates a list where you can get your balance and days from tracfone, email, weather, tabs for Amazon, Walmart, Ebay and other places under the online services tab. Everyone should check this out, it could save you from having to have all these apps.It has a lot of features. It's quite nice, I think! Also see the comments for the links above.Update 3/3/14Here's a link for accessories for the LG L39Chttp://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords;=lg%20l39c&sprefix;=lg+l39%2Caps&rh;=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Alg%20l39c

It is by far the best Tracfone product I have purchased.  The sound is loud and clear.  Application downloads are quick.  It has so many features that it will take me some time to get to know them.  One thing I would like is an APP which allows me to transfer all my downloaded APPS to my SD Card.  So far I have found APP2SD.  This APP allows me to transfer some of my APPS to the ASD Card, but not all.

Excellent phone for the price, large screen, graphics are not up to par with newer high-end phones, but they do the job.  My only qualms about this phone are that it doesn't have auto brightness and it doesn't have macro-focus for the camera for taking pictures of small text or scanning barcodes.  The lack of auto brightness actually works out for me, because I know how to increase brightness by pulling down the main menu and increasing brightness even when I can't see the screen, and when I set the brightness low (say 25%) I get days of life out of it on a single charge, which I can't say for the newer smart phones.  Overall even with these minor issues I still rate it a 5, very stable, works exactly as advertised and would highly recommend it to others.

good phone works as expected price was good compared to tracphone site

This was a great purchase. I've replaced two other phones over the years with Tracfone. This was by far the easiest and fastest to transfer my phone# and minutes  to the new phone. I called the 800 # and it took less than 10 minutes to get done and ready to use. Pretty much all automated now.So far very happy with the phone. Still getting used to it since it is my first smart phone.  I was leaning towards a Samsung Galaxy Centura&#8482;  until I looked at the specs and saw that the LG had a little bigger screen and faster processor. It also seemed to have much better reviews. Would tell friends to buy.

I like this phone a lot better than my ZTE Valet.Even though it has similar specs it seems a lot faster. It also has much better wifi & 3G reception. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that it lacks flash for its camera.

OK- I'm not going to sugarcoat it- if you are a Tracfone user you are someone that watches his pennies (I was going to say cheapskate).  My wife and I have had 11 Tracfones since 90's.  Sometimes I upgraded to get a new feature (camera, etc) or to get a phone with 2X minutes. My phone prior to this was the LG840 and I was happy with it.  But I also carried an Archos 4.3 tablet for wifi use at work and on the road.  Well, it died on me.  After a suitable mourning period I decided to upgrade to the LG39C to replace them both.  AND I LOVE IT.  I've read some &#34;meh&#34; reviews on here about it not being as good as a Samsung something or another.  Well,  TRACFONE USERS DON&#34;T BUY LATEST GENERATION PHONES.  Trust me, this phone will more than exceed your expectations if you are familiar with android tablets, etc.  The camera is so-so, there are only 3 homescreens, the memory for apps appears to be a bit less than 2 gigs. But it has GPS, SD card expandability, bluetooth, very nice display, and excellent wifi capability.  For $85?  How do you not do this?  I will concede this point- if you have no android experience this thing will look really complicated but android devices always look complicated to a novice.  Take the plunge, what can you buy with $85 nowadays?  2 bottles of Grey Goose?  2 tickets to the Friday night game of your favorite local sports collective?

A very good phone and service for the cost. Only negatives are not having a &#34;self camera&#34; for Aps like Skype and not being able to respond to emails from the WiFi mode.

The only complaint is that it isn't textured like the LG 840G so I find it slippery.  Yes, I'll be getting a cover for it.  Otherwise it runs better than the $350 Android tablet our grandson dropped on the floor one too many times.  It's faster and more stable. We are using it as our home phone so it will reside on the coffee table and will be used to operate Chromecast and our digital stereo receiver. Won't be loading it up with games.

Tracfone has taken a big step forward with this phone. This is the very best entry level android phone I have seen and used.  It is hard to beat the price for the features you get.  In a nutshell, it does most everything well.  The voice quality and signal quality are better than average in my area.

Purchased this phone for my wife to replace her LG800. Although a good phone, she'd had enough of the tiny screen and keyboard.Phone arrived and it looks great. Entire face, even over bottom nav buttons is glass, feels solid, high quality and graphics look crisp and vivid (especially compared to old phone.) UI feels snappy.  Was nicer than I had expected for the price. Charged it up with the included cable, and using tracfone's site was able to activate this phone and transfer old number and her 2000+ minutes over without problem. Set up home wifi - browsing the web and adding new apps was very easy and looked great. Wifi reception was good throughout the house. Websites render nice on the included chrome browser (you can also add Firefox from the google play store if you want.)At this point though, we realized texting and voice was not working. All attempts to troubleshoot failed. Ended up having to open a ticket with tracfone and within 3 hours we received a call from a support agent. After a few minutes of back and forth, the issue was fixed on their end and texts started rolling in. All was working well. One thing to remember is that at home, work, etc, wifi will provide you with free data, but voice and txts will still use your phone's minutes.Due to the android OS, the phone is very customizable and simple to figure out. Comes installed with few gigs of internal storage and another 4GB microSD Card pre-installed that you can replace with a larger if you wish. The camera is so-so. Better than the LG800 but still pretty low end. Outside use results are good but indoor is grainy and dark - there is no flash and it is only 3mp. Phone battery life seems good.One short thing: You must add a "Your Account" app from the play store to be able to check your minutes, etc on phone. It doesn't work too well for us. The two app tabs show different information and tracphone feels the need to send several duplicate txts as a follow up with the same info eating up your store of texts. At this point, it works much better to just check your info on their website.Overall it was a good purchase for my wife's needs. She is able to significantly upgrade for a low price and keep her minutes and 10 months left on account. Besides what seems to be growing pains in Tracfone's adoption of these Android phones (trouble with the app widget and issues getting the voice and sms to work) this phone was a good purchase.Now my reason for removing one star from this phone: Tracfone's new minutes plan, and specifically the cost of each sms txt message. The old phones used one meter for voice and texts. The plan for these Android phones uses 3 separate tanks for voice, texts, and data. Sounds good on the surface, but the cost of sending a sms message used to be .33 minutes. Now it is a full minute. Since the carrot these phones advertise is triple minutes, your one-year 400 minute card will give you 1200 texts a year. This averages to 3.25 texts a day. For most of us who text more than voice, this isn't going to work. My own tracfone is up for renewal in 44 days and also want to go android (also currently have LG800). When txts cost .33, a year card lasted all year for me. Now I'd have to buy two - twice as much $$ for tracfone. Understand why they changed the plan this way, but it will likely send me to another provider. Yes, there are a few other very good options for no-contract phones if you search around.So since everyone's personal use is different, if my last gripe doesn't have an effect on your typical usage, this phone is a great option for the price.-----------------2\13\14 Update: Read a few places that the case for the LG Optimus L4 II / E440 would also fit this phone. Unfortunately, while the camera and all the buttons do line up, the case is a little big. We purchased one of the gel snap-ons for like $3.00, so no big deal. Phone snaps in ok but slides around. Still looking for a case. I'm sure soon they'll be out if not already. I'll upload a pic.

I like a lot about this phone but some things are hard to find, I know there is a way to edit contacts but I can never find the editor.Phone has great voice and stays connected. E-mail works great but getting the contacts to transfer has not been possible I will have to add them one by one. 3g is slow as watching grass grow and the browser sucks. Some one said to download foxfire maybe it will try that.I have not added any app because I have not opened a google account yet. I tried google maps and it works but I don't like it too much, I would like one like one where I can include favorites so I can preload before leaving home.The manual sucks all it has is the easy things to do and nothing about the more detailed things. I have been a TF customer  for many years and this is a good first smart phone.

Being a frugal (cheap) individual, I refused to pay the price that they wanted for the last five years for a smart phones and the associated service plans.  I use Tracfone for all of the phones in the house (3) and they did not have one available until recently.  This phone is worth every penny.  It has everything a simple person like myself could want and works on the Tracfone network, which means that you can actually afford to have a smart phone and still eat.if you are looking for a cheap tablet and you have WIFI in your house or where you want to use the device, you can buy this for less than $100 and use it without activating it on the Tracfone network.  It is a perfectly functional PDA on which you can load 500,000 plus apps,, Use as an MP3 player (it takes a 32 GB memory card), use as a calendar device (it will sync with your desktop calendar, and it takes pictures.It may not have the largest screen in the world but I don't need one.  I have a tablet, six desktops, a laptop, etc.  If you are looking for a phone to watch movies on, this is not it.

I've been a tracfone customer for years.  Anyone who can say that knows that their customer service is not stellar.It sucks.  I say that not to set a negative tone, or to provoke the tracfone management that I wish would read this but of course never will, but because it is the simple truth.I transferred my number and minutes from my old flip phone to this phone. It doesn't work.  Three mind-numbing hours on the phone with people that can only follow a script and click buttons. They keep giving me new case numbers. Why?  None of them ever seem to read the notes in the original case(s) with whatever hour(s) of &#34;work&#34; involved. There WERE notes? I hope?Nevermind, I say, I'll do it on the web. You can (supposedly) do a customer service that way. Click &#34;submit&#34;.... &#34;An error has occurred&#34;.  Poof. Gone.Check my balance on their web page.  &#34;The Serial Number or Telephone Number you entered does not belong to a TracFone phone&#34;Sucks.  Nothing works.  NOTHING.  A bunch of guys got fired from contracting for healthcare.gov and went to work for tracfone instead.

Buy this phone, it does everything I want. But go with a different provider.  I bought this phone and a prepaid card. Wanting to keep my old number and 1200 carry over minutes I called to transfer. After the setup I was told that it would take up to 48 hours for the change to take affect. My old phone stopped working after 10 minutes. The next day I called and talked to 2 people. After 40 minutes I was told  they could do nothing until the phone was on the system for 72 hours. Another 2 days and many people ( keep in mind that you never talk to a tech. you will be switched for operator to operator reading the same script and I was told that there is no supervisor to talk to.) I found out that they had given away my number and minutes. She said that although they had been having difficulties that day with their system the problem was my fault and I would get no refund. Telemarketers cant hang up so I kept the last one on the phone for an hour.  To keep from wasting a phone and a prepaid card I had to activate for another year. My family has several tracfones. We will go with Wallmart next time.

Update 5/31/2014I didnt want to comment here till all was said and done whether I was able to get a new phone or not to replace the broken one so here is what happened. Basically I was trying to contact tracfone and some of you were trying to be helpful which I appreciate however the phone numbers did not work for me. One was disconnected and the other I kept getting a busy signal. The only way I was able to get tracfone customer support at all was through the "forgot my password" stuff and finally was able to get into contact with someone there and they were able to help me. They sent a prepaid box with an envelope to ship the phone back which makes sense however it forced me to go without a mobile phone for about a week so no one at all could call me. Most places I have used have enough faith in their customers to send a replacement then expect the other defective unit back. That way the customer isnt without a device for a week like I was. Anyway after all of that and finally getting a new phone today I start it up and get everything working but then...the replacement phone has the same DAMN problem 3g not working. So I wasted that time expecting they would fix the issue when all they did was send me another broken phone with the same problem. Now I was a loyal tracfone user but given all this and the inability to actually speak to someone unless I go through this weird little loophole I just have to say screw tracfone. They were good and they did try to help but it seems like they do their damndest to make themselves inaccesible to the customers so they dont have to help you. I should also like to mention when I finally was able to speak to a live person I had to wait on hold for 2 HOURS and thats not even counting the time it took for the person to say "one second I need to check something" which basically meant it will be another 10 minutes. After telling them upfront what the problem is and them not just believeing me and making me test all sorts of stuff when I already told them I had tried it multiple times I spent about a little over 6 hours with tracfone customer support just to get them to believe what I was saying was true. If you cut out all that including being on hold the entire time wouldve been 15 minutes. I mean really I wish I was joking. I have been a loyal tracfone customer for the longest time but this just tore it for me. This whole experience was just infuriating to an insane degree. I dont even have to wait in line for the dmv for 2 hours. All I can say is this phone is going up on the all well known auction site (little e big B)with the stipulation 3g doesnt work and ill be done with tracfone for good. All I can say after all of this is do not buy anything $50 plus for tracfone service or you might be wasting your money. The saddest thing and most infuriating is my mom's lg dynamic 1 while it has memory limitations actually works better in nearly every capacity than my lg dynamic 2 which cost $80 more at the time I purchased it. I was hoping to come on here and simply say "all is well it works now" but nope that didnt happen. Now ive got to do some quick research and buy a phone from some other company in the hopes they will be at least a bit better. Finally I will say this to tracfone...Your company sucks now and you have lost a long time loyal customer. Get your customer service straight and at least check your replacement phones before you send them out. Worst of all is the time on hold. I could have taken a small nap and still have been on hold within that 2 hours. This is not how you should do business at all.This phone was great at first and seemed like the perfect smartphone for me and on the tracfone network to boot. Everything was going good and I was saving a bundle until about 90 days later the 3g just stopped working. I tried everything from full discharging the battery to factory reset erasing all data and even driving around hoping to get a signal (Of course for safety someone else drove while I was looking at the phone). After many many futile attempts it has become apparent that the 3g just suddenly died. I tried to get in contact with tracfone but they wont help me. They wont let me return the phone to them for another because I bought it on amazon and its way past the 30 days so I cant return it to the seller etiher. I thought ok maybe its not so bad ill just use it to make calls and text when im not near wifi but now today all of a sudden it wont even make calls or texts anymore. The texts never get delivered and upon calling a voice says "please enter the phone number again". Now for the phone number I thought ok ill just try using it with and without the 1 that is sometimes used for long distance calls but neither worked and I know the number absolutely works because as soon as I tried to call on the cell phone I checked the call log to make sure it was the right number then I called that same number on the house phone and got through just fine. Now it would make sense if say I got zero signal where I am and thats why it didnt work but I have MAX amount of bars well better than any phone ive had in a while but still the calls wont go through. This phone has not been abused at all and in fact has been babied as I know from experience some phones break easily. This phone had all the features I needed but since it died way before a normal phones expected 2 year life it gets 1 star. I just hope no one else buys this phone as it will eventually wind up being a $100 paperweight. Please I beg you look at another phone because this one absolutely sucks. Also to anyone calling my experience into question ive been using blackberries since they first came out then switched to android and would be using an iphone if it wasnt so expensive plus I have been a technical troubleshooter for all sorts of technology but mainly computers for 10 years so I do know what I am talking about.

I just need to get used to it.  I do like the Tracfone system though.

Pros:Great starter Android phoneNice customizing optionsEasy Set-upWifi or Data optionsScreen sizeCons:Battery Life - my previous tracphone could last 7-8 days without being charged, this one will die in just under 3 days if not constantly on the charger. Turning off background programs to control how much data this will eat up when you're not using it doesn't seem to help much. It's been difficult for me to get used to that.Buttons around screen do not light up which can cause confusion when you're trying to figure out which side is up to use it in a dimly lit place.Easy to accidentally hit the volume and power button because of where they're placed on the phone, you can squeeze both of them at the same time.Not many accessories available for this type of phone. Cases are limited.

I selected this phone after considerable research, reading reviews, technical specifications and online manuals associated with the ZTE, Samsung and LG phones. While initially drawn to the ZTE Valet, at least in part due to the lower price and included flash, I ultimately decided upon the LG, even though it was more expensive than the other two.As represented in earlier reviews, I found the WIFI to be fairly sensitive. Reception was reasonably good using a wireless output about 50 feet and three rooms away. This is an important feature for a Tracfone in that use of cell tower data access can prove expensive. Since most folks select Tracfone due to its economy, the ability to reduce cell tower based data access through the use of WIFI would seem important. The relatively poor WIFI range reportedly associated with the ZTE Valet ultimately proved a disqualifying factor. Whereas the ZTE and LG supported WIFI b, g and n, the Samsung only supported b and g.The 3.8&#34; screen is a bit larger than the 3.5&#34; screen associated with the ZTE and Samsung phones. All three have the same resolution. As an additional plus, the LG exterior dimensions are roughly the same as the other two despite the larger screen. While the 320x480 resolution is not particularly good when compared with higher end Android phones, it is never the less very adequate for viewing MP4 movies. In the later regard, once two test feature length movies were tailored to the 320x480 resolution, they ran without incident (no small accomplishment for a single core processor).The LG and ZTE were supported by a single core 1GHz processor. The Samsung had the less powerful 800 MHz single core processor. While I didn't install any games on the LG, it performed well running multiple apps in addition to Norton Anti-virus.The LG and ZTE come with Android 4.1.x, whereas the Samsung uses Android 4.0. The LG uses a  more generic Android operating system, whereas the Samsung, based upon my experiences with my Samsung 10&#34; Tab 2, presumably does not. The LG is reportedly easier to flash if deemed ultimately necessary.While not always the case, Amazon appears to have the lowest price I've found on the LG. The LG is $129 on Tracfone's website and unavailable at Walmart. Interestingly enough, the Samsung was $79 at Amazon, and $129 at Tracfone and Walmart.Virtually all cell phone cameras are poor. From what I been given to understand, at least one of the higher end Windows phones may be an exception. Ultimately, even a higher megapixel value is not likely to compensate for the small size and quality of the lenses associated with phone cameras. To this end, none of the three evaluated were reported to be anything but adequate for anything more than social network posting. Even the ZTE Valet, which alone has a flash, is not likely to give good results in reduced lighting situations according to the pictures I saw. The ZTE may has adequate flash potential if the subject is only a few feet away. All of the three had fixed focus lenses.Even with a lens protector installed, the LG capacitive screen was very sensitive. The extra screen size no doubt helped, but still made selecting letters often hit and miss for an adult male's fingers. Consider buying a stylus for any of these Android Tracfones. Having a stylus built into the phone, as it was in the Motorola 124G, would have been welcome.The LG GPS appears reasonably accurate (accuracy of 5 yards with 12 satellites) for a phone. Still, if you want accuracy, consider buying a stand alone Garmin GPS. Like the camera, a phone based GPS is good when nothing else is available. Andriod application Maverick, which is free (I downloaded mine from Amazon apps), seems to work particularly well with the LG GPS, even without WIFI or cell tower assistance.Battery life is fairly good on the LG, although active use of the GPS and WIFI are likely to substantially reduce endurance. I was impressed with the size of the LG battery, which was much larger than that associated with the Motorola 124g feature phone previously in use. You'll need to charge the phone for a couple of hours prior to use, Thereafter, no more than about 90 minutes should be required to bring it up to 100%.I've given the phone four stars because of the following deficiencies. The navigation buttons on the bottom are not back lighted. The LG does provide an additional button (apps listing) over the three provided by the Samsung and ZTE. Unlike the ZTE, neither the Samsung or LG has a flash. The LG screen is reported by one reviewer to be glass and another to be plastic; the manual doesn't say although I suspect as a lower end Android it is plastic. Some have complained the phone is too smooth to hold effectively, but I haven't found that to be the case personally. Despite having a 3.8&#34; display, the phone fit well into the Walmart leather case purchased originally for the 3.2&#34; Motorola 124g.

I chose this phone over the others after as much research as I could find. Many of your reviews and suggestions have been helpful and I want to say thanks! (Esp. CAMPJEEP) Tracfone is our choice for out and about and trips at this time as we have opted to keep our landline.  I chose apps and took my time becoming familiar with the phone before I activated it with Tracfone.  I think that is a wise thing to do and takes some pressure off if you have the time. More pleasant I would say.First Apps to get:I would agree with others that it is important to get a security app right away.  I use Avast. Malware with that is a good option. The other apps I would download right away are Clean Master and App Manager III.  You also need to keep uninstalling the updates on the Google apps you are not using as they add up to a lot of storage.  With Clean Master they have a widget that does a quick junk removal right on your front page, or you can use the main one for more detailed storage removal.  The App Manager III has another cache storage of the apps that will allow you to remove more it you set it to cache.  I like it because it shows you in one place if an app can be moved and how much data and storage is used.  I have found it a very helpful app.There are some beautiful and amazing weather apps out there that really help you quick see what is happening and coming down the road.  For up North it is important!  I really enjoy the 1Weather App as it has many visuals and shows up on the main page. I have just tried the WeChat App out and love it!  Have not tried the phone aspect of WeChat yet.When looking for apps, you need to ascertain if the app can be used without pulling in data usage if you are off WIFI.  Sometimes they will make this clear and sometimes they won't.One of my favorite things to make it user friendly.(Please bear with my newbie enthusiasm all of you who are longtime android users)I love the voice search and the voice dictating options. If you hate trying to type out a TM, email, etc., try it!  You might like it! Just be sure to check your message before send off on email, chatting, etc. I have had a few hilarious word options come up, and maybe even a little embarrassing.  However, if you are talking clearly, it is surprisingly accurate. You can say question mark, period, etc. at the end of a sentence to get your punctuation if you are a purist.  Also, I do want to say that you can use the voice recording on the Memo App that comes with the phone, and it has no limits as far how long you can record.  That is nice for when you have a goodly amount of information you want to record.  The Memo App has some nice options.About Cases: My choice and 2 ideasI bought this for a temporary case and it fits very well. Gosear S Line Flexiblehttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F3X7UZW/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1  The only thing is that the USB plugin needs to be cut out which is a minor matter.LADIES: Here is 2 fun ideas for you:You CAN personalize and decorate your plain clear case until you get the case of your dreams!  Here's how: Trace the case outline on decorative cardstock or paper, cut out the photo lens opening, place inside with the design facing outward, and you will have a darling looking case you can change out at a whim.  They do have clear cases I noticed for the L4II and that would show all colors better than my lavendar one. I chose a paper that looked fabulous with the light purple.The other item I bought for the phone was this cute and practical wallet for extra protection with one warning.  If you are going to keep your cover on the phone, you will need to get a size up.  I am currently waiting on my return replacement in a slightly larger size.  The company was very nice to deal with.  I like the fact it can carry a few credit cards, some cash and coin.  You cannot really actively operate the phone through the clear front without pressing hard, but you can see quickly what the call is about. It comes in fun color combinations.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HBGP592/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Sorry, guys.  I do believe they have more neutral wallet styles out there, but you will need to look for yourselves.  :)Final thoughts:I am still learning and choosing options and trying the phone out. I found that my Pocket has too much storage on it at this point to be practical and am considering another read later app for just a light amount of phone reading (limit 20 articles, I promise! ;) ) I do have my Amazon Kindle Reading App on, but will be evaluating that.  The Amazon Cloud Music app didn't work for me because I have albums and they were just more that I wanted on the phone.  Maybe I didn't understand how to use it properly, and will try it later.But so far, I am having a great time!Just remember to clean your caches, move allowable apps to your SD, and uninstall the Google updates on Google apps you are not using.Enjoy!

I was already a tracfone user and have been very happy with their service on my previous slide-phones.  Its a pain to text without the full keyboard though.  So I decided to take the plunge and get a smart-phone.  Overall its a good phone and I'm learning how to use it. Can't beat the price point for a casual user. The sound quality on calls is slightly less clear than on my old slide-phone.  I had to order a case that was made for another phone, but it fits this one, except for the microphone hole at the bottom.  Even though the case covers the microphone hole, it doesn't seem to interfere with picking up my voice.  Cons -  minutes and the voicemail notification are not shown on the screen.  I have to actually go into the tracfone app and press update to see how many tracfone minutes I have left.  The home screen shows missed calls, but it doesn't show if a voicemail was left.  So I have to remember to check the voicemail widget constantly to see if there is anything in my voicemail box.  I also bought this same phone for my son and he likes to download games from the google playstore.  His phone seems to run out of internal memory a lot even though he has moved everything he can from the internal memory to the SD card and clears data and cache frequently.  There doesn't seem to be a way to increase internal memory, which limits the downloads he can do.

Wow. What a great phone. Tracfone has really done a nice job with this 3G smart phone. Easy to use. Works on the Verizon 3G network very well in the Dallas Ft Worth area. Glad I finally made the switch from my older tracfone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who has been on the fence on whether to upgrade to a smart phone or not. This phone does it all and for a reasonable cost.

A good value for the price, easy to use, no complaints so far. Bought 2 and was suppose to come with a stylist, 1 did not but that the only thing that went wrong.

I have had a tracphone for over 10 years and have been happy with their service and phones. When I found out they were offering an Android type phone I was excited to upgrade so I could use the internet if I needed to. My previous phone was a basic LG500 with a blackberry type keyboard which always worked well for what I wanted. I was able to transfer my number and minutes no problem. After using the LG Optimus for a few months I wish I had my old phone back. Here are some of the problems I've had. The keyboard is not usable. Try to tap a letter and you may get it or you may get one of many letters around it, or you may get the letter 2 or 3 or more times. The only way I can send a text is with the voice recognition feature which is pretty neat after I figured out how to use it. I can't answer calls. It worked fine when I got it then when I tried to swipe to answer it wouldn't work. My sister has the same phone and she told me to take out the battery and reinstall it after a minute and it would answer normally. She was right, it worked, for 2 days now it won't answer again. A few days ago at 7 in the morning the phone starts blaring out a startling noise. Thinking the alarm was turned on I picked it up and there was a text about an amber alert in a city 300 miles south of where I live. No problem a few hours on the internet and I was able to disable this unwanted annoyance. Set up your gmail on your phone will alarm every time you get an email message. No problem, a few visits to help forums and you can figure out how to disable another annoying helpful feature. Battery life between charges I would say is 10% of my old phone capability. The list goes on and on. Unfortunately I already donated my old phone but am seriously thinking about buying another one. This phone has a lot of interesting features which you could spend hours researching, but if what you want to do is send texts and answer incoming calls don't buy it.Update: After contacting Tracphone and Tech help at LG I did a reset twice and am still unable to answer calls. Amazon says I can't exchange after 30 days so I'm stuck with this thing. There is obviously something wrong with the touch screen. Very disappointed.Last update: After 3 months of frustrations and missed calls, I bought a ZTE Valet tracphone (on sale at Target or I would write a good review on it). It is cheaper than the LG was and works perfectly. Easy to type on, no more missed calls. It rings, you can answer it. There was a problem with the LG from the beginning but it worked sporadically and I was not familiar with Androids so it took a while to figure out it was defective. After all the screwing around with the LG it was in the end worth the $80 I paid for it to take it out in the back yard and smash it with a brick.

better than what we had before, but not a smart phone, but ok for just phone calls

My first android phone!  I can not believe that I can download music but cannot download ringtones!!!!  Really!!!!  Very disappointed!!!

Far superior to anything I've owned previously.

This is the best deal for someone who doesn't live on their phone 24x7.  It has most of the features one would want and costs a fraction of those requiring monthly plans.  You can easily spend less than $10/month on smart phone and still enjoy the benefits.  Just be sure to use wifi when available.

Well, it ain't no iPhone but, it is good for me. Does enough of what I need at a great price with Tracfone. It has a very small screen and the touch part works just ok. It seems a little slow. But I'm ok with that also. I get my email and Facebook stuff and any other app I need. Tracfone service is also very good for me. All in all I would buy another one and also recommend it.

I've had service with Tracfone over 10 years now. I was just about ready to try something else because I was ready to have a true smartphone. When I heard Tracfone was getting Android phones, I was elated. We first got the ZTE Valet to replace my wife's Tracphone. The ZTE is a good phone but this one is better. Larger screen, better WiFi reception and a slightly newer version of the Android OS makes the LG39C the best Tracfone yet.

Great phone from Tracfone, I don't have any complaints. This phone does everything I could possibly need it to and more, battery life is roughly 2.5 -3 days which is average I guess, It has the newer version of Android preloaded and it works great!If you're concerned about its storage capacity then spend $13.00 for a 32gb microSD card and your worries will be over. I wanted to try to extend my battery life so I shut off synch,bluetooth,wifi and data unless needed and that made a big difference. This phone has great wifi reception as many others have reviewed so no problems there. As many others have also stated, unfortunately there is no camera flash for the flashlight apps,not a deal breaker for me though. Great phone,great features,great price. While others are crying that they are paying $75-$100.00 a month you are laughing because that is just slightly less than your annual bill.

Which tracfone is going to be right for you?You will have to do some homework comparing price,features,reading reviews,if you are new to all of this technology like I am,do not expect to learn it all right away,it will take some time.Then after you buy it they will come out with a better one or the price will drop $20.00.I received this phone on 1/17/2014.(6 months now.)My smartphone review or views will be influenced by just having had the LG 800 and the ZTE valet, This is a true smartphone like the ZTE valet, unlike my LG 800.I must say that I think this new (entry level) LG Optimus II will be very popular with tracfone users that are (wanting) to get into the smartphone experience.This is a review on the phone and not on Tracfone,Verizon or Amazon,some other reviews cover them.As I wrote this review there was totally no review information here,the question and answer page was empty so I tried to put something in here for everyone and the review had gotten pretty long but there should be something here to help you,thanks for your patients.Lets start out with the larger screen,for me,I found it does make a difference,there is more area to work with.I put both the the valet and the LG optimus II on the local channel 10 TV app  and you could see the difference the larger, clearer  3.8inch  screen has made reading the small print. Even the tabs you tap on (News-Weather-Sports) were a tad larger.I could read the print easier, it just looked a little truer color to me also than the ZTE valet.*You  will need a screen saver (protector)on this phone,being a entry level phone.  I am seeing some lite fine scratches from not using a screen saver on both of my LG39Cs.*Virtual Qwerty Keyboard >I am  really enjoying the stock virtual qwerty keyboard a lot and it does seem to help predict many words that it thinks that I am looking for in some instances there could be 5 or 6  ideas of what it thinks I want to say just above the keyboard when I type the letter T, or there are these arrows at each end, and if I touch or tap the arrow many other choices appear,see below.This is a (poor) example( &lt; those them this the to there their > )Or it will try to finish the sentence for me,or just use the talk to text feature.The key buttons are a little larger in landscape mode.If you are not happy with the keyboard board that comes with the phone you can get a app like SwiftKey Keyboard (which I like) from the google play store. Swype Keyboard is another one but I have not used it.The phone has just English and Espanol for the languages. But if use the LG keyboard and tap the little gear wheel next to (123?) and the space bar it has many languages.If you do not see the gear wheel look in comments section to see how to get to it.> Thanks to John M. Steward Jr.  (Page 25 in user guide).The phone is very sleek and thin,very pleasant to look at,fits nicely in your hand but be aware it is very very slippery without some kind of gel-cover or case around it.Be very careful not to drop it until they start coming out with some cases to fit this phone,something to give it some grip in your hand when holding it. The case or cover will also cut back on the scratches, fingerprints from the high gloss black back cover and give it some protection.Update, phone just feels better in my hand with case on it.There are four NO Backlit capacitive touch buttons or keys at the bottom of the phone for the( >Back Key >Home Key,>Menu Key,>Recent App Key ).The keys are highly reflective which  may or may not help in some cases to see them, but not having the lighted touch buttons was a big disappointment.You do have very quick positive feedback from the touch buttons and buttons or tabs on the screen > Could this be because of the larger screen area has made the buttons or tabs larger and easier to touch?Everything seems to work smoother, more responsive, better than the valet  which I really like and am still using. Update> We retired the Valet 3/1/2004 and transferring everything went well.*They both just have 512 ram and  are entry level phones so make sure you do not over load it with too many apps....And be forewarned a lot of the apps are not made or designed to go on the SD card.512 ram.4GB micro SD card installed and will take up to a 32Gb.1.78GB TOTAL internal storage.1.0GHz single core processors.Android 4.1 Jelly Bean operating system.3G Network Speed.I am not seeing any of the problems that plagued the LG38c.*The phone uses the (Verizon Network ONLY)*There is ( No Roaming )....The LG39C is a CDMA type so it(Does not use SIM cards)* How to tell if this phone will work for you with the (Verizon Network)>1. You can go to tracfones web site and put your zip code in (under buy phones) and it will tell you if the androids (Smartphones) will work for you if they pop up.2. Then ask someone in your area that has a phone with verizon service how it is working for them to be safe.3. Tip-> look in my comments for(RootMetrics)for testing Verizon Network in your area.*Bluetooth,the phone has bluetooth to (transfer your contacts or sync to your car) and GPS to find your way around, ( they both work very well ) on this entry level phone.*What comes with the phone, back cover, battery, a wall charger, USB data/charging cable, 4GB microSD card installed, instructions on how to activate.*Checking your balance and service date>(TRACFONE APP)and or widget ,from google play store is one way to check your balance and service date and to add mins and data time. It is a free app from the google play store. The one that comes with this phone now is called ( My Account Downloader ) found in with your apps on your phone, but it does not work for some reason, so get the one at the google play store. Make sure you have ( WiFi does not use your data up) or data on first before checking. A lot of people miss the old way that was always shown on the phone...Having an account setup is a good way, use the tracfone browser is another.Tracfone has a single web page for checking this only, that you can put on your home computer. Look in comments for this page.MEMORY > Comes with a 4GB micro SD card installed and will take up to a 32Gb.1.78GB TOTAL internal storage.The valet beats the LG a little in internal memory, see below.I have tried to have both phones set up the same in the amount of apps, pictures, contacts things like that to be fair or even.I counted 14 apps that I have added plus what came on the phones.(1.78GB) TOTAL internal storage on the ( LG Optimus Dynamic II ) OUT OF THE BOX. I have 1.2GB free left on the (LG dynamic II). Thats  after I added 14 apps on to what was there already.(2.34GB) TOTAL internal storage on the ( ZTE valet ) OUT OF THE BOX. I have 1.7GB free left on the ( ZTE valet ). Thats  after I added 14 apps on to what apps was there already.*You can change the white background color behind the collection of your apps ,I myself did not like the white background.=> Tap apps, Tap menu,Tap (Apps wallpaper). I chose Transparent Black.*Ringtones,the stock ringtones are so so,I like the Business Ringtones app byRCP Ringtones at the google play store so well that I am spoiled.*If this is all new to you use your quick settings bar,you may know it as the (power bar or widget)to turn the data off when your not online using it so you don't use it all up.You will wonder where all your data went to.)Data can be used to go on line when you are not using your (free) WiFi.The(power bar,widget)that came with the ZTE valet to turn the (Data, Wi-Fi, Sync, GPS, Bluetooth)on and off and to adjust the screen brightness )has a different home on the LG,it is up in the notification window and has some added features there also.LG is calling this the ( Quick Settings bar ).The bar has a edit feature so you can put what you want to in the first box or wherever.*Note you will have to have your data on to send or receive a picture or any attachment in a text message.The quick settings bar has a neat feature called(Quick Memo)where you can write a short word or draw a (circle) (arrow) with your finger on the page that you are on and then make a screenshot of that page and save it. It says in the manual not to use your fingernail make sure you use the tip of your finger to write with....*WiFi,the wifi works very well, much better than the zte valet,that was a knock on the valet some people had.*BATTERY,the battery took a hour and a half to charge when it was at 18 percent capacity to full charge.I like the battery meter on the LG it shows the percentage that it is at and when it is charging it shows the the little lightning bolt in motion unless the screen is asleep and then you can not see or tell if it is charging.*Make sure to keep (GPS,WiFi,Sync,Bluetooth) off when you can to save you battery,Look in comments for more battery saving tips.The battery just will not last as long as your old style tracfones because there are just too many features to play with,larger screen, all of those apps.Three days at the best on the battery for myself.I miss the camera flash that the ZTE valet had that I used for a  flashlight by installing an app from the google app store. The flash was kind of useless for taking pictures on the valet, that just me tho...*Camera,the camera on the LG is a disappointment using it indoors just like it was on the valet. It does do better outdoors in good light.3/5/14 update > Outdoor pictures doing very well.I like where you can say a word like > Cheese, Smile, Whiskey to take the picture and that works very very well.The valet had a shutter button like a real camera on the outside of the phone.Remember this is just a entry level phone...*Call strength---> I do notice that like the ZTE valet I do not have as many signal bars as I did on my other older tracfones but I can use this phone where the others would not work and have not dropped any calls..So what I am trying to say here is that I can call and talk just about anywhere I go West Va - Ohio - Ky.*On this phone maybe---> 1 to 3 bars and my others phones I would have 3 and 4 bars...) > This was from my ZTE valet review and holds true with this phone. At my house I just have 1 or 2 bar most of the time.The good >1.0GHz single core processor,good for a tracfone.A nice looking clear 3.8inch screen,really nice for a tracfone.Android 4.1 Jelly Bean  operating system,good for a tracfone.Comes with a 4GB micro sd card installed. will take up to a 32Gb.I have the SanDisk Ultra 16 GB MicroSDHC Class 10,the 10 class is probably a little over kill here.Quick memo where you can write with your finger on the page that you are on and then make a screenshot of that page and save it.The bad or not so good >Battery life,depends on what features you keep turned on and how you you use your phone.Three days at best for me.The cameras indoor pictures. Outdoor pictures do very well.Some one in a review said that they missed the notification light on the ZTE valet in the upper top of phone for missed calls and battery charging.No flash on the camera that you could make a flash light with by using a app.No Backlit home back menu keys,the keys are highly reflective tho.There are differences in all of these smart phones from tracfone, price, features and you have to choose what items you want and like the best.If you are coming from a high end phone (or expecting one) you may not be happy, ( These are I think ENTRY LEVEL PHONES ), there are about 5  of them.For the teens one has a FM radio.Tip----> Have your kids buy you time cards, google play cards and data cards for fathers day, mothers day, birthdays and Christmas.TEENS---> you could use this same reasoning with Mom,Dad,Grandpa,Grandma,Aunts and Uncles I would think.I bought my first tracfone in 1998, I seen it in a jeep magazine and took it out west to Leadville,Co.and was shocked how well it worked.To get repeat reminders of a missed calls,messages I downloaded(Alert me Pro Missed Call Text) from the google app store.I have norton anti-malware(free)app and it works great, It always checks every new app I install and if the phone updates a app it checks that also. AVG Mobile is another good security app.You get these apps at the google play store.Tip---> Read the(Questions & Answers)pages on the LG Optimus Dynamic II and the ZTE valet, there are a lot of questions answered there that might help.I know that H.Pham,( G.Graham has helped me on this phone page more times than I can count) and others there have helped me and others many times on the ZTE Valet page. Read and look over the other reviews that others have taken the time to share with you. Read the comments sections on the reviews.Phone Dimensions4 1/2""x2 1/2"x 1/2"4.43" x 2.55" x 0.47"Here are some cases so far,read there reviews first and remember it will be a matter of preference and not everyone will like the same case. --->My favorite for me, it just comes in black --->Kaleidio (TM) Hard Rear Case Cover & Rotating Belt Clip Holster For LG Optimus Dynamic II 2 L39C - Black (Package Includes Overbrawn Prying Tool)My favorite for me, it just comes in black --->Thousand Eight(TM) For LG Optimus Dynamic II L39C - Hybrid Armor Stand Case With Holster and Locking Belt Clip + [FREE Touch Screen Stylus] (HOLSTER COMBO CASE)See  Turtleys review.Armor Stand Case-> Has some colors also but case is a little more bulky,that just me tho,others have had no trouble with it.-->Microseven Rugged Armor Stand Case Cover with Kickstand + Belt Clip Holster For LG Optimus LG39C L39C Dynamic 2 with Microseven Packaging (Black/Black)Comes in colors for the girls,no stand or belt clip -->Einzige Slim Fit Flexible S-Line TPU Silicone shell Case Cover for LG Optimus L4 II E440 / LG39C with Premium Universal Screen-Stylus (Black)Comes in colors for the girls with a very thin rubberized coating,no stand or belt clip-->Thousand Eight(TM) For LG Optimus Dynamic II L39C - Rubberized cover case+ [FREE Touch Screen Stylus] (Rubberized Black)Dean has a review on this case now with pictures and he says that it fits well. It breaks easy when you try to take it off so get more than one.Please let me know when someone comes out with a case with a kickstand....Take a look at this phone stand  >PhoneProp - Universal Fit Soft Flexible SmartPhone Stand - FDA Grade Silicone - Black - New For 2014Made of soft rubber. If you have the time see my review on this stand...As of 7/20/2014 both LG39C phones are doing very good.-----> ( NEW PHONES ) 5/7/2014 (Still waiting)...The LG Optimus Fuel (Model LG L34C) and the Samsung Galaxy Ace Style (S765C) are coming to Tracfone. Look in my comments for more on these new phones.Thanks for taking the time to read my review.Campjeep-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I spent a lot of time researching smart phones. I would have loved to have purchased an Iphone but either the Iphone price was too high or the service provider was way too expensive each month. I have used Tracphone for a number of years using good old flip phones etc. I read the reviews on all of their smart phones and determined that the LG39C sounded good. I decided to purchase from Amazon since it was slightly less money than directly from Tracphone. Amazon ships via FedEx and the package came via smartpost which I did not care for. There is no way to track the package and it did take a while to get to Wisconsin, this is the only reason for the four stars.This is my first smartphone and needless to say I am blown away by its performance. The phone was quite easy to set up despite its complexity and Tracphone has both excellent tutorials and manuals on their website. Using the tutorials and the manuals I was up and running with most of the basics very quickly. The transferring of my old phone number through Tracphone was very easy and despite Tracphone warning that it may take 24hrs it only took perhaps 2hrs to transfer number and minutes etc. When I purchased the phone I bought a 32g micro SD card and installed it immediately because lots of the apps can be downloaded onto the card saving valuable phone memory. I downloaded the Tracphone app to provide me with usage information and despite some negative reviews I found it works GREAT! The app is much better than the time scrolling across the screen like the old flip phone. I also found it was easy to transfer the phone numbers and photos via Bluetooth from my old phone. Bluetooth also works wonderfully well with our Chevy vehicle, unlike my old phone it automatically connects when I start the vehicle.The main reason for a phone of course are the phone calls. I am not on the phone very often so the need to call people is quite limited but the times I used it were easy. I find here in SE Wisconsin the service (using Verizon) is great however as yet we have not gone out of the area. If we go out of the area and if I have a problem I will add to this review....so far so good. The texting is great and I like when you can turn the phone to allow you to get a bigger keyboard making it easier to text. Despite me having big fingers I can still handle the keys much better then my previous phone.I have found the Wifi to be excellent, I found that I get a strong signal on our home wifi upstairs in our bedroom and also outside within 50ft or so of our house. I downloaded a wifi locator app and it makes it a snap to connect with outside wifi setups. I also downloaded the Lookout security system just to be on the safe side.It is early days yet, a lot of things can happen when we purchase electronic devices but I am pleased. I read lots of reviews on many smartphones and after a great deal of research determined this phone was worth the risk and I bought it........I.recommend this phone especially to first time buyers like me. Since there does not appear to be a ready made cover made for this phone I took advantage of a previous review who suggested to use a Einzige slim fit LG Optimus L4 cover. I purchased the item from Amazon and it works great..thanks

I much prefer triple prepaid minutes to a monthly plan.

air time minutes days of service does not show battery does not last

I have been a Tracfone customer for a year. During that time I have not received a satisfactory response from their overseas "customer service". I activated the LG39C on April 18th. The first issue was when I transferred (ported) my number and minutes to the new phone, Tracfone instead assigned a new number, which was based in Texas. I am in Mass.. It required multiple calls before my original number was activated to the new phone. When I went to the Tracfone web site to check my balances I found a different number listed on my account, which prevented me from accessing my account information. These issue required additional calls to correct this problem. It took until the following Wednesday and over 5 hours to correct these issues. On April 22 after thinking that the issues with the phone and Tracfone were resolved and I could use the phone I came to the next issue. That being the battery not maintaining a charge, which left the battery dead in 6 hours. On Wednesday 4/30 I attempted to have a new battery sent via live chat, only to be disconnected 4 separate times. On 5/1 I called the corporate headquarters and spoke with "customer service" who stated that they would mail a new battery that I would receive on Friday 5/2, which wasn't received. On Saturday 5/2 I found the phone becoming hot, which required me to shut it off. At this point the battery was down to 14% charge after only 6 hours. On 5/4 I again had to call Tracfone to request a new phone due to an apparent short which is causing the battery to over heat and shorten the battery life. I then attempted to reactivate my LG840G while waiting for the replacement phone. Yet another call to Tracfone because the web site would not work to transfer the time/minutes to the LG840G. This only to be told that the 840G could not be reactivated without a new SIM card being mailed out. This due to the phone having been previously activated. (Doesn't make sense not looking for a new number but activating my old phone with the number previously used with it.) When asked what I am supposed to use for a phone while I wait for the replacement, I was advised to borrow a phone from someone else. (And then what do they use?) I am off to buy a phone that I can use until I receive the replacement phone. Later this week a trip to court to file suit against Tracfone. Perhaps if others do this they might address what they laughingly call customer service. As of this review I have spent over 8 hours attempting to resolve Tracfones issues. On 5/7/14 instead of receiving the replacement phone as promised I received an envelope to return the defective phone. Another call only to be informed that the defective phone must be returned before a new phone is shipped. The first "CS" person didn't know this? Tracfone has definitely reached their level of incompetence!

I bought this phone to replace my old one, amazon was great, received in 2 days, tracfone not so much, my old tracfone always had a great signal always 4 to 5 bars, when I received the new phone I could only get 1 bar for a signal. Contacted tracfone to find out why I only could get 1 bar, the told me it was the phones operating system and there was nothing they could do, soooooo.,.... I asked if they could reactivate my old phone and was told that I would need a new sim card which would take 5 to7 days, ok that's ok, BUT..... my old phone most likely will only get the same as the new one, 1 bar, thanks tracfone

Good Phone for the money, software works well! Good Phone for the money, software works well!  Using it on TracFone.

I have this phone and I do not think it works right.  Every time I try to turn it on, it will flash the home screen and turn right back off.  The battery has to be charged every day and I hardly ever use it.  I would not buy this one again.

I chose this phone thinking it was going to be a good purchase...NOT!!!The charging connection didn't make a good connection and I could no longer charge the phone.I called to see about exchanging the phone ... I was put on hold for 3 minutes at a time in a period of 45 mins.  This went on for eight days.  I finally got an exchange phone!  NO TRIPLE ANYTHING!I did purchase this through a Amazon site!I should have tried to find out what/if Amazon could/would help me with the situation...but afraid of the answer!I also paid for overnight Fedex...NOT...took eight days!I wish I didn't even have to select a &#34;one star rating&#34;!

i had the zte valet for two months its a very bad phone very not resonsive. very bad camera even with the flash and it makes the pic grainy. the first phone came in dead .samsung  centura is a good phone my friend has the strait talk version but i took a photo it was dark in low light  but the phone is fast and has the older android oslgs  keys don't light up but i like the camera its much better than the valet with a flash . it offers alot more than the zte valetfaster wififolder options on icons the zte valet dosent havebigger screenbetter display in viewing picfaster on apps vs the valetover all im glad i got rid of the zte valetif u like the lg 840g this is a upgrade to it

I like its looks and feel of the phone.  The manual is pretty much useless that comes with it but there is a good one on the LG web site.  I was credited with six months time extension but I never was credited with any promised minutes.  I'm not sure of whether Tracfone or the vendor is at fault for the missing minutes. There was no invoice in the shipping package or phone number to contact the vendor.  No return information.All in all, I bought it for the phone and I'm more than happy with it so far.

So far, so good.  Like the features but I don't have a lot of needs, hence a 3G phone is fine.

I am a new user of smart phone...and a senior at that.  I found it fairly simple to use and am thoroughly enjoying it.  I do not use it to the degree young people do, but I have downloaded several apps and use about 6 of them frequently.  Yes, I would recommend this item.

Before buying the LG39C, I was going to buy the ZTE Valet. But the mixed reviews about the poor wifi that plagued the ZTE led me to this phone. Luckily, the wifi is much better on this and well worth the extra $50. The added screen size makes the phone comparable with a lot of the large phones that android runs on. Speaking of Android, the phone runs an LG version of Android 4.1.2 Jellybean, which is only one Android version away from the latest Android KitKat.Being pampered by my quad-core overclocked tablet, the phone was a step down in performance, but the small resolution helped make up for the lack of rendering power. Benchmarks from Antutu never rose above 5000, despite some kernel tweaks. The phone was VERY easy to root and xposed framework works well if that interests anyone. That's another thing that puts the LG39 above the ZTE Valet.The battery life is subpar in my opinion. Despite my wakelock monitoring, I can't seem to get the phone to stop draining battery. Overnight, it drained about 40%, so keeping it off or plugged in seems necessary. The screen is bright enough the see in the sunlight and dark enough to watch at night. LG's brightness slider is very useful in the place it is.One of the annoying things about holding the phone is that there is nothing to hold onto. The plastic backing slips right out of your hand, and holding the edges may cause some accidental presses on the attractive, but small bezel. The buttons in the bottom really should have been backlit, but after using it for a few days, I have memorized their locations anyways.The phone only has 512MB of RAM, which presents a problem for many apps. Don't expect to by playing 3D apps with no lag. I strongly suggest installing the app "Greenify". Unlike regular task killers which kill apps and then let them start up again, Greenify kills the app, and then keeps it suspended until the next time it is started up. It can be run without root, but works best with. Most 2D apps will work fine and smoothly.Personally, I'm not a fan of all the LG apps, so I replaced them with the stock Android (nexus) versions. These apps included the Gallery, Camera, Browser, Calculator, Keyboard, etc. The camera quality was OK outdoors, but indoors it got increasingly grainy as the amount of light decreased. Three megapixels isn't a lot, but it is enough for Facebook or twitter. The LG keyboard is missing gesture input, so the Google Keyboard from the Play Store was one of the first few apps to install.One important thing is to keep Data off unless it is needed. You can watch your data usage in the settings under "Mobile Data". Just leaving data in for an hour can result in many units being used because of things like email syncing or apps updating. Restrict as many apps from using background mobile data as possible. The Data is only 3G speed, so it won't go very fast, but prolonged use will be expensive.The Tracfone app actually works on this phone. By works, I mean the bare minimum of working. The only good thing it does is send a free text that gives you the amount of minutes, texts, and data you have left. The app and widget itself often fail to update when you add units even though they have been added you your account and reflect the balance that is sent via text. Because of the new units system, using an app to text over WiFi may be beneficial to some people. As always, data, texts, and minutes carry over from each card entered.Another thing to remember is to move apps to the SD card often. You can do that by clicking on an App in settings and pressing "Move to SD card". The internal storage is only 1.7 GB free, and that will fill up quickly. You are given a 4GB SD card, so use it wisely.Overall, the phone itself is very good. Google's project butter has increased the speed of the phone to stand up to the very expensive multicore models. I have not had any major problems with it, and most problems I have had were fixed after I rooted it and brought it up to speed.

I've been a tracfone user for years and this phone is the best. Great signal reception, great android operating system, and all for a great price.After three month of use - Still like this phone.  Does all of the android apps.  Can't beat the price for a smart phone.  My only gripes - CPU is a little slow and battery life is a little short.  Hope the next generation improves.

best i can get for tracphone and it was more than i expected love all the features talk text etc. glad i bought it its fun

I switched back to Tracfone from Net10 as they offered a decent smart-phone that is truly &#34;pay as you go&#34;, whereas Net10 requires a $50/month plan to get any of their smart-phones. And for the first time since I started using &#34;pay as you go&#34; mobile phones, I finally get a signal at my house! (I live in a fairly rural area). Was also able to send all my contacts via Bluetooth from the old phone to this one - yay! Took a little while to figure it out, but it worked.This is my first foray into the world of smart-phones & I am enjoying getting to know & use this one. The touch-screen is so much better than the old LG800G I had (w/ Net10) & works the way I imagined a good touch-screen should. The 3 separate pools for Talk-time, Data & Texts is a bonus & I can carry-over from month to month. The camera is only 3 Megapixels, but is actually an improvement over the old &#34;non-smart&#34; phone I was using & the images aren't terrible at all. A little hard to find where the pictures live when connecting to my computer via USB, though. Also cannot back-up contacts to the computer via USB (darn).I do have to keep extra features like Bluetooth, 3G Data & Wi-Fi turned off when not in use to conserve the battery, otherwise I'd have to charge it a lot more frequently. Playing graphics-intensive games can also eat up battery time. This isn't a huge problem as it encourages me to keep aware of what features I have turned on, although I sometimes forget I don't have a feature turned on when checking my air-time or pairing w/ my Bluetooth device.I downloaded the Tracfone app to keep track of my balances for talk-time, Data & Texts, although I do wish they would just have that info easily available on the home screen (as on their other conventional phones), as one has to connect through either Wi-Fi or 3G Data to obtain this info. Same applies to adding air-time cards/PINs. You _have_ to be connected through either Wi-Fi or 3G to add airtime.Setting the phone up was a reasonable process, but took some time & had to get a little assistance from Tracfone customer service. For once, the person on the other end spoke perfect English & resolved things quickly. My old phone number also transferred painlessly & quickly.Overall, I am enjoying this phone, although I wish the battery would last a bit longer when extra features are turned on. Downloading apps, etc is fairly easy & painless & there are many free apps & games available. I'm still blown away at being able to watch YouTube on the device - very cool.A good deal (very reasonable price) on Amazon.com - well worth the money I spent on it & the accessories I also purchased (case, holster, screen protector & Bluetooth device). An excellent introduction to the world of smart-phones for those who have never had one. Take time to get to know all the features & you'll have a very positive experience with it.

I am new to the smartphone world so consider that when evaluating my review. I like the phone. Seems largely intuitive so far in terms of using Jelly Bean. Phone itself seems solidly constructed. No concerns regarding battery life. Love the screen size and resolution. Picture quality from camera is suspect. I have not shot a video. Online support through Tracfone is very helpful.

good

Good quality and a step up from my old LG800. Slight problem getting it turned on but a phone call to Tracfone helped solve the issue. Like the fact that i could switch between connecting to a wireless signal or to a cell tower. Battery life is shockingly small but I got used to plugging it in every 3 nights.

This phone is a great way to introduce yourself to the smart phone world but it is not perfect.The screen size itself is nice and I find it easy to text with one hand, although it took about a week or two to fully get used to.Being an android it has a lot of apps in the play store. Plus if you already have a google account you can easily retrieve all of your files with no problems.But there are some problems..It comes with an older Android OS, which is 4.1 which means that it is older and a lot of the new apps, and the ones that are frequently updated do not support 4.1. As of right now I have not found a way to upgrade the OS without buying a brand new phone. The phone itself actually says that there are no updates available for the phone, so its a bit of a bummer.Also on several occasions the phone will completely freeze. Its easy to fix, all you have to do is take the battery out and put it back it, but it happens at least once a week. So it is kinda annoying.But it is a nice phone for those of us who dont need a contract phone and dont need anything to fancy

Best phone from tracfone yet!!! A lot of new features over my old flip phone. Like the new phone features!!!

For the money I really like this phone, decent battery life and apps, web browsing, email all run great for me although its not super fast in some applications.My biggest disappointment is the camera, but it is good enough for general snapshots.If you are thinking cutting edge smartphone you will be disappointed, but for me its great.

This LG39C is so easy to use I love it!!! Only problem is I need a protective cover or case and nobody sells them yet. Thank you Amazon for selling it.

This was the first smat phone that I have ever purchased, and it has not dissapointed me yet.  I like the smart phone features, while continuing to enjoy the benefits of being a tracphone customer.

Slightly hesitant but still purchased the LG Optimus Dynamic II Android phone. After it arrived, I was relieved of any apprehensions. Instead of a lightweight feel and although it has a plastic body (as do all others), it has a good, hefty feeling to it. Have used it now for about a month and still have a very positive feeling. My main concern was the front &#34;glass.&#34; I still don't know what the material is, but it hasn't shown the least bit of wear ... still looks like new. My service with Verizon has been adequate; I don't know how much of that is due to the actual Verizon service in my area or how much is due to the hardware. Keep in mind that this is a Tracfone-branded phone, and I suspect that Tracfone somewhat limits the features, but so far I haven't found anything that would make me regret purchasing this phone. I would buy again!

This is my favorite Tracfone ever. Finally a real smartphone that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. I bought two, one for me and one for my wife, and even my wife is happy (and she is hard to please).I've been using Tracfone for years to save money, and have saved thousands of dollars doing so. I finally decided to bite the bullet and get a real smartphone and this seemed to get the best reviews out of the currently available smartphones from Tracfone. Previously I had the LG 840G.There's a lot of information in the other reviews, so I just want to go over things that stand out for me or that I think would be especially helpful to people reading this review.* THIS IS A LOW END ANDROID UNIT. It is reasonably fast doing basic things, but large, bloated, and inefficient apps and web browsing can bog it down. It only has a single core processor, which is low-end tech in this day and age. If you expect a low-end smartphone then you probably won't be disappointed.* Unfortunately the camera has trouble "scanning" UPC codes. It can't seem to focus close enough to get a good image because it has a fixed focus lens (no auto-focus). This was one of my bigger disappointments. I was able to scan some larger bar codes though, so it does work for those, but it's not as easy as I was hoping it would be. I was hoping to use the scanning feature of the Amazon app to scan bar codes when I'm out shopping to pull up prices and reviews but it looks like this won't be possible.* Fortunately scanning QR codes seems to work better. I recommend downloading "QR Droid" from the Play Store. It will tell you that scanning bar codes are not supported for this phone due to this phone not supporting auto-focus... but fortunately it will scan QR codes.* Transferring my service days and minutes from my previous Tracfone was easy and quick using the website. Just make sure you use the right option if you're upgrading from another Tracfone - which is to transfer your number from one Tracfone to another Tracfone... and of course, follow all the directions carefully.* One of the first apps you may want to get from the Google Play Store is the "TracFone My Account" app that will tell you how many minutes, texts, and MB of data you have left. I also added its widget to one of my home screens. The widget will easily show how many minutes, texts, and MB you have left and you can press the widget's "UPDATE BALANCE" button then wait a bit for a text to come in with your latest balance info.* The screen size is nice, but the resolution is "low end" at 320x480 (it's certainly no "retina" display) but otherwise quality is good.* I've had no issues with the WiFi. It works well.* The buttons below the screen are not backlit... but it's not that big of a deal when you get used to it and know where they are from memory.* I don't like the separate accounting for talking minutes and for texts. I think the separate accounting for data makes sense, but it would have been nice (and simpler) if they kept the voice minutes and texting together instead of separating them out.* I like the Google keyboard better so I downloaded it to replace the included LG keyboard. It seems a little faster too.* I like the easy access to important options - by swiping down from the top. You can quickly block or unblock 3G data usage, as well as do a lot of other things like adjust brightness and control features like Bluetooth, WiFi, airplane mode, sound (silent or vibrate), etc.* It only has 512MB RAM and 2GB internal memory, but it comes with a 4GB card and is expandable to 32GB (by removing the 4GB card and replacing it with a 32GB card). 2GB should be fine for a few basic apps. If you need a lot of apps or some big ones, you may be able to move a lot of stuff to the SD card if you go to settings, pull up the app, and select the option to move it.* I am finding that I have to watch the battery charge on this phone more than my previous phone... the battery doesn't seem to last as long, and since it's a smartphone, you may find yourself using it a lot more which will require more charging.* BE CAREFUL! This phone may make you want a higher end phone. I wish I could have a Galaxy S3 or better.... but I can't justify the additional $$$ it would cost, especially for the service.* Check certain online shopping stores that start with "Q" and end with "VC" for deals. I paid about $130 for mine (+ shipping), but that came with some accessories and a lot of airtime (a year)... someone who doesn't use their phone that much might get the phone plus an entire year of service for that price. Where else can you get a real smartphone with a year of service for $130 plus shipping?I'll update this review with more as things come up.Overall 4 stars, but I did consider giving it 5 (and I still might but the lack of barcode scan capability stops me).. it is a very good phone for the money even though it does bog down with some stuff.UPDATE 2014-06-22: I had been thinking about raising my rating to 5 stars but the phone seems too slow for that so I'm going to keep my rating at 4 stars... it's still a good price for what you get but the phone is limited for "practical use" due to its low-end speed & RAM.

The phone itself is fine but the instruction manual is very incomplete. You can download the full manual but even that leaves some questions on the operation of some things such as how to set up voice mail for some of us who are not so competent in the use of these new fangled phones. LOL. Got my younger daughter to set it up. She had no problem at all.

Works like a charm. Much better battery life with wifi and Bluetooth on than my wife's 4s. Google play really adds value with the great selection of apps! Use Skype most of the time because free wifi is everywhere and we always use wifi at home. The 4s is nice but this phone works much better.

Upgraded from flip phone.  Works great.  Easy transfer of minutes from old phone. No problems. Enjoy the 3G coverage (can follow the Cardinals while at grand daughter's soccer games).

I was happy to see that Tracfone was offering Smart phones under it's pay as you go services.  The LG Optimus Dynamic II seemed to have the best features of the Smart phones offered by Tracfone.It came with a 4gb micro SD card which can be changed out for up to 32gb.It also has GPS tracking which allows you to use navigation programs without using cell data.Apps can also be downloaded from Google Play.The phone doesn't have the fastest processor available, but it is adequate and the cost for using a Tracfone can be much less than having a phone through a contract service provider.  Getting 3 times the units of service purchased is also a plus.

I am extremely pleased with my LG 39C. It exceeds my expectations. I did have trouble with tracfone transferring my old number and minutes. It took 4 days but they did work with me to get expected results. I would recommend this phone and don't feel anyone would be disappointed.

I haven't found anything that this phone can't do that my daughter's Samsung can. It is not all that fast, but I am very happy with it and it saves me the cost of a monthly bill. Wish the camera was a bit higher resolution and that it had an LED to help lighting, but it does OK if you get the lighting right. Much better than my old phone. I replaced my wife's old Motorola candy bar style phone and she loves it. The screen is just big enough to be useable, but not so large that you feel like you are carrying a tablet around. Features are easy to use and I like the quick launch icons on the screen saver page so you can go straight to certain apps without having to open to the home screen. So far, I am very happy with the phones and am not looking for a replacement like I did almost immediately after buying my old LG 840.

Purchased phone for smart phone features only to find out that I cannot call much of the central area of the state just south of my home because phone won't roam.  Seems odd to me that Tracfone would not have roaming capability on one of their highest end phones! The Tracfone Service people do not seem to be aware of this no-roaming capability as I talked to 3 different people who all told me to enter a roaming code and that would fix the problem.  The phone menu even has a menu setting for data that can be turned on "when roaming" which increased my confusion.  Also, packaging says World Wide Coverage even though I can't get coverage 20 miles down the road.  However, as far as I can tell, there is nothing you can do to make the phone roam.  I found the answer in the fine print which does put us on notice that the phone will not roam.  I really hope Tracfone will work with the Carriers to give this phone roaming capability!  One other problem I have with this phone is that the battery general goes down in about 24 hours even on standby.  Might just be a bad battery...don't know.

Really great smart phone. I have had it for two months and no problem with it. Really like it.  I would suggest buying it.

The touch screen worked only for two weeks. Then all of sudden it did not respond at all. It's a dead new phone now.Can Amazon help to provide buyer protection?

Good first android phone, has some glitches though. Reception is good at times, spotty at others. Cuts out during conversations, which is very annoying. Touch screen is good, but using some of the apps are hard, some just don't want to work after several tries.Holds a good charge, resists breakage from being dropped, fast speed in use. Just think they could have done better.

As a long time tracfone user of conventional phones, I was reluctant to try the smartphone option.  Research and reviews led me to choose the LG L39C.  I am very pleased - and surprised - by the phone.  Most of the issues I might have are really with the way the services work, etc.The good:1.  The phone itself is great - I did change the installed 4GB micro SD card to a 32GB card. The phone comes with a mini-USB to USB cable and a USB electrical outlet adaptor as the charging device.  You can use the USB cable to connect to a computer;  I have a mac and was able to download an android phone transfer utility to my mac;  I can simply connect the phone and transfer any files I want (music, documents, etc.).2.  Switching from my old phone to the new one was very easy and relatively quick.  My old phone still worked so I was able to complete the transfer online.  From start to finish it took just over an hour for the phone number and all minutes/texts/data to transfer correctly and the new phone to be active.  Note that the site says the transfer could take several days.  However, the site did state that the old phone would be active until the number transferred.3.  It works very well with wifi - I've hardly had to use data.  A plus is that you can set the system to automatically switch between wifi and data or you can turn one or both of them off so that the phone doesn't connect to either.  You do have control over data usage.4.  Charges quickly using the charger provided;  will charge more slowly if connected to a computer or if the usb cable is in any adapter other than the one provided with the phone.  Holds a charge OK but will deplete quickly if you use apps heavily.5. The android 4.1 JellyBean system is somewhat intuitive and easy to use.  I like the status menu bar at the top that you can swipe down to give you access to easily turn options on and off.6.  So far phone quality has been good - I've been able to receive calls in my office building that have dropped or not gotten through before.  Most likely because this phone uses a different network than my previous phone.7.  Screen size is good and larger than my old itouch (one of the first to come out) or my hubby's old iphone.  It does switch between portrait and landscape rather easily.  Typing on the &#34;keyboard&#34; is easier in landscape (sideways) position.Issues:1. Getting the balance of minutes is rather more difficult than it needs to be.  You can download an app, but then you have to be comfortable with tracfone having almost complete access to your phone (they probably do anyway...).  Which brings me to the next issue..2. As with any item that connects to the internet, take the time to learn what settings the phone comes with and what level of sharing your information you are comfortable with.  Most of the apps will want some access to the information on your phone - that's to be expected and necessary in some cases, but you need to be comfortable with that.  Be sure to look at the list of permissions requested before installing an app.  Some apps asked for permission to view my call logs and contacts - can't imagine why - so I've decided I really don't need those apps.3.  Not really an issue, but you will need to have a google account to really use this phone to its potential.  I already had a google account, so it was straightforward to setup.4. So far the non-backlit hard keys on the bottom of the phone have not been an issue, but it is rather tedious trying to find the right button in lower lighting.5. The camera, as noted by others, is just OK.  I don't really use a camera phone for serious pictures so it's not a big deal for me.  It's fine for the occasional shot I might want for future reference, but not for documenting important events (weddings, etc.)Other:  I did get a screen protector and a case for it.  As noted by others, the phone is nicely sleek and fits well in a small hand, but can slip out if not careful.  I chose a case that doesn't add bulk but seems to &#34;stick&#34; to my hand well.

I love the phone but transferring my number and minutes from another tracphone was  a nightmare. My wife and I have had Tracfone for about 3 years and 5 phones. I love the service. We do not use a lot of minutes so it is ideal for us. If you want to use the number the phone comes with great. If you want to transfer a number prepare to make many calls.

I had the ZTE Valet but the wifi was petty bad. So I purchased this L39c from Amazon. Wifi is much better than the zte. It is not exactly state of the art, but is pretty responsive. The pull-down menu at the top gives quick access to several settings, including wifi, gps, data, screen rotation, sound/vibrate/silent, brightness and some others. You can rearrange the icons on the pulldown menu so the ones you use most frequently are readily available. Battery life is very good. Voice quality is excellent and the speakerphone is really good. Volume is surprisingly high. Bluetooth is flawless for me. I have not used any data over 3g so 8 can't comment on that. The Tracfone app and widget did not work at first but when I posted a comment about that, I got a call from a Tracfone tech and the next day, I was told to delete the app and re-download it because they had updates the app. Now it works great. My experience with Tracfone so far has been very positive.What I don't like:The capacitive touch buttons on the bottom of the front of the phone are not backlit. However, this phone has an additional button not found on the zte. It is a &#34;recent apps&#34; button that makes it real easy to go to a recent app or close all open apps. After a couple of days, I no longer missed the backlit buttons on the zte. I use the 4 buttons so often that I don't need to see them to use them. Also, The camera is not very good. It does not have a flash like the zte. But I don't take a lot of photos with my phone so that's not a big deal for me but it may be for you.All in all, I am very happy with this phone!

I'm electronically challenged so trying to get use to this thing. When someone calls you you have to unlock it to take the call and end up getting disconnected. I bought a stylus for it because it is small to use the key board on it. It has great ringer sounds and good volume.

Short and sweet I went from a very old moto W376G to this.  Kind of like upgrading from a K-Car to a Tesla Model S.The important Gmail note.  Before activating the phone, those with 2 step authentication should log into their gmail account and set it from sending the code from SMS to voice.  Basically my ancient motorola through Tracfone supports &#34;premium&#34; SMS but this state of the art phone through Tracfone does not.  Don't worry, this critical information was in plain sight in the EULA service agreement with Tracfone.By luck or engineering, Google sent me a code after a couple days and 50+ tries so I could log into my gmail account and switch from SMS to voice for 2 step authentication.

It's so much more than a phone that I haven't activated it yet until I learn what apps, etc. will quickly use excess Tracfone minutes.

How long should you wait before writing a review?  I think a couple of months is adequate but decided to write after day one.  I previously owned a Tracfone, had minutes still available when I purchased the LG39C.  Setup the phone from another location the transfer worked fine, disabled my current phone but did not transfer minutes to the new phone.  Website stated that it could take hours or days but decided to call when I got home that evening.  Called technical support, given a call back option which I took and they called me within 30 minutes.  Start of the support involved using touch tone menu and my land line phone was having issues so my call was dropped after five attempts.  I called back on another phone, gave my serial numbers to the automated responder was told my call was still in the queue and was transferred to a live technician.  Minutes were transferred within minutes and phone was up and running.  I would have given five stars but I'll wait for 30 days and see how things go.

I love this phone! It has been so easy to figure out the settings, and it connects to WiFi and you can also use whatever carrier it came with when out and about! I love that it came with triple minutes, texts, and data for the life of the phone. All of my phones have been tracfone, this is the first smartphone I have ever owned, and it has been such a breeze! Thank you LG for the great phone!

I am very happy with this phone. This is my third Tracfone and by far the best.Activating it and retaining my old number went very well except I didn't read the directions completely and had to call Tracfone to complete the last step.The representative was very nice and didn't call me a dummy (which I deserved)and helped me complete the registration.I don't understand why more people don't use Tracfone as it is the best deal around in my experience.

good phone overall 3G isnt so great only get max 3 bars on sunny day outside ?go figure, can be a little laggy sometimes but functions well for the money and no contract, definitley watch your data usage browsing lightly over a month can get you past 1 gig pretty easy.

Really love it.  Only complaint is the location of the On button on the right side of the unit. You tend to use the other side of the phone for leverage when pressing this button.  The Volume control is directly across from the On button and I keep changing the volume level. Really annoying !  This was a really dumb idea on the part of the designers. If you buy this phone and wonder why you don't hear it ringing, check the master volume often to see if you inadvertently turned it off!

I have used the LG39C for about three weeks and thus far I really like it.  It is my first smart phone, and overall I have found it  pretty easy use and adapt to.  I had no problem  transferring  my minutes and days to the new phone via my tracfone account.  The sound  quality is good, the screens seem to have good clarity, and I have not found any real concerns with it.  I do strongly recommend getting some type of gel cover for the phone as it does have slippery surface.

I've had other Verizon phones and this phone is Verizon CDMA. We live in a narrow valley and have never had cell reception until this phone. My other phone, an LG, also on Verizon doesn't work here. I had no idea anything would work until I bought this phone. Nice surprise.This is a very nice, better-than-basic, Android phone. It's fast and reliable and I have now owned it for 5 weeks. I am also a fan of TracFone as long as I can avoid their customer service.Brilliant screen for images. Nicely touch sensitive yet not overly so. More than adquate features for my taste.

Dear William,Thank you for your interest in TracFone Wireless. We are responding toyour recent inquiry.Our customers are of great value to us. Please be informed that the LGDynamic 2 is not supported in our service. However, we are continuallyworking on improving and expanding our products and services. Beassured that we are doing our best to provide you the best servicepossible.This is the reply I receiveed from Tracfone

Moved up from the previous &#34;best&#34; Tracfone LG840G and glad we did (my wife and I). Easily transferred minutes from old phones. Old minutes went equally into Talk/Text/Data buckets ie. 3,000 old=3,000 Talk, 3,000 Text, 3,000Mb data. Got them just before a 2,600 mile roundtrip from central NY to Florida for a wedding. My wife loves to play navigator and enjoyed using Google Maps on the road. We got rerouted around traffic on I-95 which saved us sitting in traffic for 20+ minutes. She used both of our phones most of the time and we used about 200-300Mb of data on each for the 5 day trip. It's much easier to check email and Facebook with this android phone compared to our old LG840s.Cons: ~$100 without minutes. Smallish screen compared to new other network smartphones, but not bad.

Impressive, overall...but the learning curve and  optimizing system resources are confusing.  Also, when I first got the phone, it sometimes wouldn't quickly power on but now it does every time.When first powered up, I expected to get a home screen and start playing with icons...instead, I was confronted with a bunch of setup pages asking me info I didn't have (Gmail and Wifi passwords, etc).  Gmail is simple, but setting up/accessing other email accounts is a disaster.Only 1.78 GB user-available internal storage.  Take note of the size of downloaded apps/games because, on top of everything else Android tries to put in there, you'll quickly find storage maxing out and performance affected.  There's a "move to SD card" option on some apps, but this version of Android actually only moves them from system storage to user-available internal storage (piracy protection).  Only photos, music and documents can be stored on the removable SD card.  512 mb RAM seems sufficient, but half that is usually already being used by "services" of some sort.Although the OD2 has the relatively ancient/low-end S1 chipset (Adreno 200 GPU), it's scorching fast on all 2D games and even handles up to mid-level 3D games.  4.1.2/Jellybean ("Project Butter") is significantly more efficient than previous Android versions, so I'm getting a surprisingly smooth 25 fps.  Multi-touch screen lets you use both hands to move and turn, simultaneously.  Built-in accelerometer allows phone to be used as a gesture controller to steer flight simulators and car/race games.Excellent Wifi reception...never thought I'd get internet speed this fast on a phone.  It's picking up our modem's signal...and 5 others in our neighborhood.  Love how it automatically finds hotspots (no extra app needed).  No need to activate phone to use Wifi and it was easy to set up with my home modem.  Turning both Wifi and data on/off is user friendly and quick.  Constant Wifi use drains the battery heavily and some games might stream from their website, so be prepared.Screen is the best, and worst, feature on this phone.  At 3.8", it's the biggest Tracfone has ever had, but the resolution is very low/grainy.  It extends to practically all the phone's edges and has a respectable 3:2 aspect ratio (instead of 16:9 widescreen on current high-end phones), but viewing angles aren't great (not IPS).  Double-tap zoom and "pinching" lets you blow up web type, photos and online barcodes, but doesn't work on games (I can't even read the type on some games).  Built-in YouTube app works smoothly, but Android doesn't support Adobe Flash Player, so I haven't been able to get movies from other sites and streaming cams to play (you can download a flash browser...adding to the two non-removable, non-flash browsers that come with the phone).Call quality is fine...a little "gargly", but every cell phone I've had sounded the same.  Stereo and standard 3.5 mm jack are nice.  As usual, the external speaker (ear hole) is weak and tinny and only acceptable for calls.  However, music through a decent set of earbuds is as good as any quality MP3 player (o.k. bass) and even better through closed earphones.  Plays MP3, WAV, AAC and AMR (no WMA).Photos/video taken with this phone are dull...I'd only use them in an emergency.  For anything close to acceptable, you need good lighting and wipe the lens EVERY TIME!  Zoom yields poor VGA-like quality and blurry close-ups due to fixed focus lens.*  Adding to confusion, Android shows all photos and videos on internal storage, even when they're on the SD card (only when storage is viewed from Windows, do they show as being on the SD card).  When using the "Import pictures and videos" option on Windows, it only imported half my photos and entirely skipped my videos.  I was only able to transfer everything by using the "Open device to view files" option and then do a copy & paste.Marginal battery life.  Without Wifi, I get maybe two days of heavy use per charge.  No indicator light during battery charge or complete.  Battery icon is visible on screen when cable is first plugged in, but disappears when screen sleeps (you can keep checking by pressing the power button...or choose "Stay Awake" in settings).New "recent apps" capacitive button is cool...but the "clear all" button is too large and easy to accidentally press.The OD2 looks sleek.  It's half an inch thick, but rounded edges make it look slimmer.  Balanced/medium weight at 4.4 oz.  Impressive build quality; sturdy and convenient size.  It's not ridiculously big, which allows comfortable one-handed use.  Edges have slight texture, but get slippery with oily fingers.  I don't like the power and volume buttons directly across from each other, but I'm glad it doesn't have an external photo button because those frequently get pressed accidentally.*UPDATE: "pic2shop Barcode & QR Scanner" is a new app that works with fixed focus cameras.

OK phone,not the best out there but will do for basic smartphone.What would make it worth it is a cheap good plan,but Tracfone is horrible company to have as cell phone provider. Incompetent customer service was not able to transfer over 400 minutes from my old phone so after few weeks of frustration I decided to drop it and go with Verizon.Guess what now?Tracfone will not release my number.I hope eventually they do let go of it since they obligated to do so by law,but I have been waiting for over a week now and they still hold the number.

This is my first foray into Tracfone's smartphones, and of the four Android phones currently on offer with Tracfone, I think I chose wisely.I've had an iPod Touch for years, so I'm used to a lot of smartphone features, but this phone still surprised me.  Here are some advantages and tips about this phone that others may want to know before they buy.- It has a modern version of the Android operating system.  I love that I can touch the microphone on the main screen and say things like "how do I get to the nearest eyeglass store" or "what is the weather going to be like tomorrow in _____" and it tells me instantly.  I love this.- GPS works and does not have to use your Data plan:  I like to tell the phone where I want to go while on Wifi, before I leave the house.  I then start the navigation, keep my Data off, and GPS navigates me to my destination without using any MBs.  Terrific.- Wifi signal is strong.  I have a 3 story townhouse and it works on all 3 levels.- The ability to turn off background functionality on apps so as not to use much Data while on the road.  I've instructed everything except my messaging services to use foreground data only.  In other words, things I enter directly or specifically ask of my phone while out of range of Wifi.  All other updates only happen when I am near Wifi, and the settings let me control all of that.  By doing so, the phone has only used about 1MB of data that could not be specifically attributed to something I did in the foreground, in the 3 days I have had it.  So background updates and checks using the Data plan can be held to a minimum.- If you already have a Google account, you are going to be racing out of the gate as soon as you get this phone.  I put in my Google password, and it brought in all of my contacts effortlessly, all of my music from Google Play can be streamed, and my email and YouTube account were up and running in seconds.  Fantastic!- It has bluetooth, and I paired it to my car stereo in 30 seconds.  It imported all of my contacts to the stereo, and I am calling people hands free.- The battery is fairly impressive - I have been playing with it off and on for the last few days and had to charge it after 2 days of use.  I've heard many people have to charge smartphones every day so it was nice that it retained much of its battery overnight and while I was out of the house with it.I am really impressed that I get to do all this and continue to pay the $8 a month that I paid with my flip-phone.  It's amazing.  I hope the phone lasts for a while because it is off to a great start.

This is my first smart phone and I was a little anxious about getting something I could actually understand how to use.  I'd researched on line and found the Optimus Dynamic II to be recommended for the older (non-techie) smart phone novice.  They were right.  I've still a lot to learn and I'll never be as comfortable with it as those who grew up with computers, but it suits me well right now.  The triple minutes (text and data) for life was also a great draw.

excellent phone for such a price.It has all the features what IPHONE has but no contract on pricy plans. I am very pleased.

For the longest time I avoided prepaid phone services because I thought it meant you had to get a &#34;dumb&#34; phone. I've long been frustrated at the high monthly fees I was forced to pay for my cell service, when I rarely make calls and only use about 100 texts per month.When I realized you could get an Android phone for $10 per month, with internet, text and all, I jumped on it. Is a less advanced phone worth the $80 per month that I am saving? YES... yes it is!

Phone, how much it costs to run verses how well they work... it's that simple. iPhone people probably believe in the cool factor more than I. They would not be reading this. I have been doing Tracfone (TF) for a long time. My average costs have been about $8/month for a phone since 2002 (about $1200 total phone costs for 12 years!). A friend has paid about $50/month over the same period ($7200). I am sold on the Tracfone approach. I buy a new phone about every 2 years - again without a worry. I bought this phone for $89, and got a year and 1200 minutes for about $100. So for less than $200 I have my next year of phone. So, I am up to $16/month all told for the next year. That will pretty much hold me. I average about 1500 minute a year, so I might have to add another card, but so what? I just traded up from a TF - LG 840g. The difference is amazing. This LG39C phone really does apps, it really connects to wifi, it really works in more places than the 840g. It's like night and day. I now feel like I have a smart phone. I connected to google and all my contacts were just there. If I need to add a new number I add it in google. You see, I am &#34;older&#34; and do not like to text on a phone. So, adding phone numbers would have been the worst part of getting a new phone. I was very pleased to have them already in my phone. Google also has Google Play, so I can &#34;buy&#34; the apps online and they go right to my phone automatically. I have yet to pay for an app. I just get the free ones like QR reader, Music player, LG TV remote, adobe reader, kindle, crackle, split the bill, tipping, video maker pro. yes a video ap...crazy. all free. So far I have been able to use wifi to connect to my internet needs so as not to use credits. NTL, I think this phone can be a hotspot if you need it. That will likely cost you.What don't I like? Well the power button is weird on the side. I liked it better on the top. Opposite the power button is the volume toggle. I am always changing the volume by mistake. This phone is slippery, so I have ordered a textured case. Maybe that will provide some button protection, as well. The camera has trouble focussing close up on bar codes. I wonder if I had a bad bar code, too small, or if the camera I got is not the top notch one. I will try to take some pict outside to see if I get as good a pictures as the 840g (which I liked for a phone camera).All in all, I am glad I did not keep pumping minutes into the old LG. This phone saves me time and anguish. The screen is bigger - again, for the older guy.  I really like this phone. I hear there is a &#34;block unwanted callers&#34; app. I will go look for that. (short pause) I just got that app installed in ten seconds by going to a google play window in this browser. QED. Wow, I would have screwed with the old phone for hours to find that. Maybe I should give it that last star? Just maybe?

Did not get all i was shown in the description. no pry tool. with case.

Awesome phone for a Tracie, or is it a tracor? Fan clubs excluded,.for all those of us\you who have been waiting for a prepaid track/smartphone this is the one for the moment!. Not an I thing, or Samsung whatever it basically works the same but slower. Overall I am satisfied with this phone even if I do have to wait for it to boot/load apps.

This phone is mostly user friendly.  I figured out how to use the parts I want.  I will continue to learn to turn apps off so the battery lasts longer than a day.

Phone is working fine!  The service was on time-and the price was good- I would be willing to use it again if their was something to my interest.

I was sick of paying $35 pm sharing our family plan. Did not even have data and only low minutes pm using phone talk time. I purchased a one year talk/text/data for $100 and had the minutes etc automatically tripled. Based on past usage, this will cost me $8.35 pm or less than $17 pm for the first year if you include the cost of the phone. Will also save at least another $40 a year with the free international calling. It uses Verizon which suits me since I've had the worst of all providers in AT&T.; I couldn't even use the old service from my home.I've had an iPhone previously, then went to the el cheapo phone. All the gizmos are just not worth it to me. And I'm sick of seeing people so completely absorbed in their phone and not appreciating the world around them. I don't want to be one of those people. I have all the functions and Internet and email to be of practical use when needed without looking like a bloody wanker.Not a phone for the technology obsessed, but good value for what you're getting. Compared to iPhone and other mobile phones, it has crappy navigation and hard to find out how to use the features, but I'm getting there. You also don't have automatic international dialling. You have to ring Tracfone customer service, speak with someone with a thick accent to &#34;troubleshoot&#34; and get the feature working.

When the screen worked, the phone was fine.  But after 10 days, 3/4 of the screen went black, meaning phone was basically useless.  Problem is when it is the ONLY phone you own it could cause a real problem in an emergency.Amazon would not let me trade in the old phone to have a new phone delivered, rather, having to first order a new phone, hoping it comes soon, before sending the bad phone back.

My first cell phone in 14 years....I'll let you know more later on things other than phone calls.

Really liking it.  My first smart phone and it is working out well.  I know I'll never use all the text messages.  Easy to use and navigate right out of the box.  Haven't had it any hard use situations like an EMS call or working hard outside yet but I have a case for it so should do well.

It is no where near a  good android phone. But for those of us that have to have a certain type of phone for our area using Tracfone it is the best android phone we can get. It works good but is really slow especially compared to the other phone I have. But if you live in the boonies and need a CDMA phone from Tacfone it is really useful.

does all it says.  wifi reception is great.  surfs web fast  Easy to use and a step up from lg-840g Only wish is better camera and flash.

I should have listened to the other reviews on this phone. Purchased and after trying to activate it learned that I could not get reception at my location even though the Tracfone lists this phone as serving my zip code area. I barely got one bar. Too bad as the phone seemed nice. I went the Walmart web site since it sells Tracfone, and it displayed a warning that this phone would not work in my location. Now I have no phone, since my attempt to re-activate my old phone for some reason would require Tracfone to send me new SIM card - 5-7 days delivery time. I ordered the Samsung Galaxy Centura Android that was listed on the Walmart site for my area. I Did not see the same connection issues in the reviews for the new phone that I saw for the LG Optimus Dynamic II. I have my fingers crossed on the new phone. I have no idea why Walmart is more accurate than Tracfone on this issue.The return to Amazon was as painless as they can make it and I already have received notice of my refund the day after I returned the phone following Amazon's instructions online.

A few updates as of 2014-06-22:  I still like this phone a lot.  I've had it almost three months and it's performed very well.  I even got one for my daughter (a notorious Destroyer-Of-Things) and so far so good.  I haven't encountered any screen or plug failures as some reviews have complained, so I can only assume they got lemons and mostly the hardware is solid.Software-wise, the Android 4.1 this phones uses has impressed me.  It's features and responsiveness are good, the voice recognition is surprisingly good, the maps and turn-by-turn GPS is a bit disappointing in lag and accuracy... but waddya want for the price?I've found that I am going through my Tracfone minutes much faster than expected, but that's simply because I'm using the phone a lot more than I ever used my old LG500.  Tracfone now offers separate data purchases, and all the minutes you buy have permanent rollover for as long as you keep your account active.  Even if I double my annual minutes purchase, I'd still be paying less than $20 a month.  I'm perfectly happy with that.However, there are a few frustrations I have with this phone:1)  It tends to drop calls after about 10 minutes or so.  That makes it very frustrating to use for work conference calls, where I'm constantly dropping out and re-dialing.2)  It is hard to answer calls!  When it rings with the lockscreen on, it takes -- literally -- half a dozen swipes across the ringing phone icon before it will pick up.  Sometimes I don't make it and miss calls. Fortunately, I don't get many incoming calls, but if I did (if I were, say, a salesmen) I would HATE that glitch.  It's pretty maddening.3)  Memory fills up quick.  I got, maybe, a dozen or so apps and it's almost full.  Yes, I can move some to the SD card but it's an annoyance.  There should be a better automatic memory management4)  Battery life.  The bugbear of all mobile devices.  If you actually use the Wifi/data, play games, or even take a lot of photos, you get -- maybe -- three hours.  If you're going to be out and about all day, you have to plan to use the phone sparingly.  On total standby, you only get about two days before you need to charge.  Just not as great as I'd hoped... but, really, not that far off the norm.Overall, I'm still very happy with this thing.  I like to tell people the LG Optimus+Tracfone:  "Does half of what your iPhone does at a tenth of price."  As a price/performance balance, I think that's incredible.=========================Here's the deal:  This is a very respectable smartphone and Tracfone is an okay service provider ... in combination, the price is absolutely unbeatable.  Best value on the market at the moment (April 2014).  Nothing else comes close.You buy the phone for a hundred bucks, then you buy a year of Tracfone service for another hundred bucks -- which gives you 1200 units each of talk-text-data, which is plenty for any light to moderate user.  That's $8 a month for service.  You can't touch that with any other provider.I've been a Tracfone customer for 10 years, and I well know their customer service and coverage quirks.  But you will encounter similar problems with AT&T; or Verizon or T-Mobile... paying, literally TEN TIMES per month.  Even the cheapest pay-as-you-go service (Virgin Mobile, far as I can tell) is $35 a month, and their Samsung and Kyocera smartphones in this price range are pretty equivalent.  The extra you'll pay for service strikes me as not worth it -- unless you are a very heavy user (20 texts a day, frequently streaming movies outside of wifi, etc.)So, if you're on the fence about upgrading to a smartphone, or dropping your expensive contract phone, the time to get off is now.

Piece of junk!!  Paid $100.00 on 04-08-14 stopped working on 07-14-14.  Never worked very well from beginning

Basic phone with basic features which is enough for my use, good phone and Wi-Fi connection, good web surfing, has to be charged every three days with a moderate use; it does what is described, so in overall it's a good deal especially with the cheap refill cards.

Had no  Tracfone service in North Scottsdale, and it was suggested that this might do the trick...and it did!

This is the best Tracfone android phone. I tried the Samsung Galaxy Centura and ZTE Valet - nice phones but not nearly as refined as the LG Optimus Dynamic II. It's fast, has great Wi-Fi signal compared to the others, gets better cell signal than the others, battery life is decent (2 days for me) and the larger 3.8&#34; screen does make a difference compared to the 3.5&#34; of the others. As others have said, the 3MP cameras on all the android phones are just &#34;ok&#34;. Voice quality is excellent. We love this phone!!!The only negative I can find is the fact that the android keys on the bottom of the phone are not backlit. But, they are quite visible except in total darkness.Overall this is the best Tracfone android phone and we are very pleased with the phones (bought 2 for family).

This &#34;Tracfone&#34; is very misleading.  I am not happy with it, because for me, it is not user friendly for several reasons, and I've decided to return it.  Worst of all, the battery is used up a lightning speed, even when the phone is not being used.  Whenever I click on &#34;Account Downloader,&#34; it doesn't work, and it says to try later.  How can I find out anything about the number of minutes left, or anything else, if it doesn't work!  The signal strength has never reached 5 bars; most of the time it's 2, so maybe that has something to do with it, but before I ordered it, I checked on Tracfone.com to see if it would work in my zip code, and it showed it would, so why the weak signal?I bought another Tracfone to replace this one, and I tried to transfer the minutes left to my new phone on line, and I couldn't, so I called to speak with a tech.  Much to my surprise, I was told it is not a Tracfone, that it's an android.  I'm not real technically advanced, but it does say right in the title of the phone's page on Amazon that it is an android, and in parentheses, it says, &#34;Tracfone.&#34;  What does this mean?  It means that since it's an android, my minutes cannot be transferred to my new phone!!!  I had to choose to lose the 3 hours I have on my phone, because the only reason for my having a cell phone is to be able to call for help, should my car break down.  Since the battery's life is so short between charges, it's not a good emergency phone.  I don't think it's fair to advertise this phone as a Tracfone & then surprise customers when they try to transfer minutes & learn they can't.

I normally don't post any product reviews but I have been so pleased with this TracFone smartphone that  I thought I should let others know.  I'm a long time TracFone customer with like 36 hours of talk time saved up through the years. My wife and I both have TracFones and are on their Family Plan so we pay a total of about $20 a month for 2 phones and each get over 2 hours of talk time each month.  Our lives don't revolve around our cellphones but we do each make a couple calls  and send a few text messages each day.  We both bought the LG Optimus Dynamic II about a month ago and couldn't be happier with them.  We saved a total of $80 by buying them off Amazon instead of the TracFone website or at WalMart!  I easily activated both phones via our landline phone by dialing TracFone's automated system and within an hour had our old numbers and minutes transferred to the new phones.  These smartphones are perfect for my wife and I and make both texting and surfing the Internet a piece of cake!  The screen is still two small for my fat fingers  but we did buy a stylus for each phone to help texting and surfing the Internet.  Now, it is easy to hook up to our WiFi at home and check Facebook, e-mails, and the weather radar!  This phone will suggest words to you as you type words while texting which makes texting real easy now compared to our old LG800s.  It hooks up to the Internet  within 5 to 10 seconds without WiFi which is plenty quick for this 58 year old!!  Overall, we've been tickled to death with this purchase and how easy these phones are to use!!

It's my first &#34;smart phone&#34;, so will be a teaching tool.  Having apps capability added for things like weather and gps is great!

If I had had money to burn I would have gotten the biggest, baddest phone ever. I would have loved a state-of-the-camera and all the fancy stuff.Now to reality. I am a Tracfone user. I cannot see paying huge monthly bills and in fact cancelled ATT years ago.  A while back a friend gave me his old Iphone 3GS and I used it as a mini tablet and had a blast. I learned what these devices could do and wished I could use it as a phone as well, but would not pay $100.00 plus per month for the priviledge. I did end up buying a Nook HD+ on huge sale and I am using it now to write this review. But I have missed having a camera on it and it has no 3G connection.Enter Tracfone Androids. I was tickled when they started offering Android phones, but each phone seemed to have problems according to user reviews. Finally the LG Optimus Dynamic II came out. Its Operating System was a little newer, the screen was a little bigger, the camera was still crummy but I still refuse to spend hundreds on a phone. I looked into CDMA phones for the BYOP program, but couldn't find anything new that appealed to me. So I took a deep breath and ordered the LG39C.I am thrilled with this phone! The touch screen is responsive and fast. It does not have the dead pixels that the Iphone and the Nook HD+ have. The screen is bigger than the Iphone, but small enough that the lack of resolution is not a big issue. The voice quality is excellent here in Southern CA. The more I use it and learn how it works, the more pleased I am with it.I put in a 32G microsd card and I move all the apps I can to that. This keeps the system from being bogged down. I am not a gamer so I can't address that.  I have added the following apps to boost the functionality of this phone:  barcode readers--pic2shop and HP Code Scan (they make up for the fixed focus camera and allow you to actually read barcodes with this phone); EBook Droid to read PDF files. I may add Adobe Reader also--just because--these apps work well and the EBook Droid is faster than Adobe actually; MX Player to play Flash Videos--still have to test that one but it gets good reviews; Gospel Library--excellent app for us Sunday School teachers and for scripture reading and research in general; the Weather Channel--not sure if I really need that but it works; ES File Explorer because it has been helpful on my Nook. The Tracfone app--My Account Downloader doesn't work. I just get an error message. There's a widget that appeared at the top of one of my screens that I click on that downloads this information, but I think it's loopy too, because it says I have 3 million plus text messages remaining? It's humorous really. So I haven't figured out a good way to check those yet. You can just go online to get that info and on wifi it's free. If anyone has an app killer they really like, please let me know. So far I am only reading mixed reviews.To update and clarify, the Tracfone app you get from the Google Play Store does work.  It's the one that comes pre-installed on the LG39C that doesn't work--at least for me.  The widget still confuses me. I think the number beside the "minutes" label is a phone number, but I'm not sure. I am new to this phone.The wifi connects faster than my Nook and the 3G connection is just fine. I turn off my data by swiping my stylus from the top right of the screen down. There are plenty of controls there where you can turn on and off your wifi, data, gps, bluetooth. The bluetooth is excellent as well. It pairs very easily with other devices. It's also lovely to have GPS built into the phone. As other reviewers have said, it is a good idea to turn off the connections you don't need to save the battery and to make sure you don't use up your data MB's.Since I have never had an upscale phone or a "popular" tablet, I can't compare this phone to such devices. However, the touch screen works better than the old Iphone and I find it more pleasant to use.  I have a DSLR so I would never expect a phone camera to have the autofocus speed or the low light capability of a stand-alone camera. My old camera can do things these phone cameras simply cannot do because their sensors are too small, although I know technology is advancing.Another edit and addition:  There are cases and screen protectors that fit this phone perfectly. The Illumishield works fine. And as for the case, I got the one with the silly owl on it from Cellular Outfitter on Amazon. Okay. I was in a goofy mood and I decided to not be conservative for a change. I like the case and now my groovey phone is protected. You even get a midget stylus that connects to the microphone jack. Pretty cool. I love toys.I guess that's it for now. Hope this helps someone. I really like this phone and I'm glad I bought it.

Best Tracfone so far. Setup easy on website. Screen could be more vibrant but it is nice for price. Not enough internal memory for apps, etc. QVC has it for $128.00 with 1200 minutes, 1200 texts, 1200 mb data and hard shell case.

I reviewed all the android cell phones. This LG is fairly new and spec's were high. The few reviews gave it a high rating. But, I had it for about 15 days and then when calls came in, I swiped the screen but it wouldn't connect me. Then after a while the screen started freezing up and I couldn't receive or make calls. I had to take the battery out several times before the screen would reboot. I decided I didn't need to carry another computer around with me and didn't need one that froze up. I returned it.

I've had the phone for about 2 months now.  This is my first smart phone. I use it all the time.  I've been wanting a smart phone for a while now, but couldn't justify the monthly service contract.  This phone meets my needs, and is an upgrade to my motorola V170 flip phone.Upsides:Love having schedule, nutrition app, e-mail, books, music, and decent games on my phone.Downsides:I don't do a lot of texting, but have found that the text minutes get used too fast.I mistype a lot because my small fingers are too big for the virtual keypad, but when I remember to use the stylus (purchase separately) I don't have an issue.I can't connect to some open Wi-Fi signals (at restaurants and such), but I have no problem connecting to wi-fi in my house and at friends' houses.

I've been a Tracfone customer since the late 90s, and have gone through two analog phones and two previous digital phones. This is my first smartphone. As disclaimer: I'm a Mac guy. If Apple offered a cheap iPhone and an affordable plan, I'd be using one. That being noted, I am pretty satisfied with this product.Some thoughts, in no special order:Battery time: Just leaving it on, or limited on/offs during the work day usually drained about 75 percent of the battery by the end of the day. As a plus, it recharges fairly quickly (somewhere between one to two hours). My previous Motorola phones were generally plug it in and let it charge overnight affairs.Images: Easy to download images for the gallery, or as images for contacts. The manual that comes with the phone is good and there is a lengthy, in-depth manual available on-line for free. Google "LG L39C manual," click the link and a pdf will automatically download. You can find most of your detailed answers in there.Setting your voice message: Tried to do this at work (one bar) and it would not pick up my name when I spoke it. It just sounded like static. Tried it at home (three bars) and it recorded fine.Ringtones: Can't download ringtones (A mild disappointment). I was going to have some fun with this option only to discover it wasn't an option at all.E-mails/messages easy to compose/send/read replies. Yes the keys are small, but turn the screen sideways and they will be a bit larger.Camera leaves a bit to be desired. My impression is that there is a very limited ability to control stability and if not fuzzy (out of focus), indoor shots tended to be too murky. Not as sharp as my five-year-old Kodak, but then I didn't buy the phone for the camera, I bought it to make calls and check the weather!Very easy to download apps from the Google store. You might want to look into buying 32GB micro-SD to install for extra memory capability.Downloading "stuff": You will want to keep an eye on how much you download in both capacity of the phone, and the number of your download points.Like many new users, I'm waiting for a good skin/cover for it. I want something that fits, not something I have to cut to fit. I would have thought LG would have timed the arrival of the phone with the release of third-party covers/cases/skins.As far as the phone goes, other than the usual getting used to various buttons, controls, and functions, it has met my expectations. The sound of incoming and out-going calls is good, and I've sent myself e-mails from my desktop just to time it, and gmail bloops at me shortly after I hit the computer's send button.The only bump in the road came when activating the phone. Just letting you know, this may take some time to move your old Tracfone number and minutes to the L39C.A family member started the process of transferring the number and minutes from her dumb Tracfone to the L39C on a Friday and it wasn't completed until the next Tuesday (a robo call told her it was done and for her to finish the Google registration process).I started on a Saturday and it wasn't done the next Wednesday. The old phone was still active and had all my minutes and service time. I contacted Tracfone and they manually moved the number, but only 2700 of the 5200 minutes I had, transferred to the new phone. This resulted in a series of calls, e-mails, and web chats through Sunday night. I even sent them a photo of my old phone still showing the minutes. In the end, Tracfone did right by me and I laud them for it, though the minutes are still on my de-activated Motorola.So if you experience a lag, you won't be alone. You will also not be phoneless, because your old phone will remain functioning until the SIM is de-activated or de-registered by Tracfone.So, am I happy? Yes, with the price, the phone, and the phone signal quality. Oh, and I believe I paid $24 less getting it through Amazon than I would have through Tracfone.UPDATE: the only problem I've encountered since the review is that photos seem to randomly disappear from the photo gallery. Not sure why, it seems random - often the thumbnail remains, but the large image is the broken image icon. So I have a folder on my computer with the images I loaded, and every day (literally) I've been re-emailing and downloading the missing pics, a bit annoying, but it might take a half star off ... If that.

arrived timely and has all the features listed. Tracfone transfer went smoothly but I needed to call as some minutes did not transfer. l called Tracfone CS and after some detailed phone information provided the balance once validated on my old phone was properly transferred. I like the new phone layout and ease to personalize information like contacts and apps.

I upgraded to this phone after having a ZTE Valet for 3 weeks. What I noticed is that is doesn't have the Valets major issues of bad WiFi reception and crashing. The screen is a higher quality one than the Valet which had horrible contrast when in landscape mode. Being a video watcher, this phone's screen looks good no matter which way it's positioned. The WiFi never disconnected on me at a hotel recently, even when it said I only had one bar. The Valet at the same hotel on an earlier trip had a lot of trouble staying connected. The phone also seems faster than the Valet, even thought they have the same processor. The Valet used to stutter a lot, where this phone runs like butter in comparison. The CDMA signal strength seems to be about the same as the Valet, which is reasonable. The lack of a flash is not a deal breaker compared to the Valet, since the Valet's flash didn't seem to help at all from what I could see (I took a picture in a somewhat darker restaurant, and the pictures were barely visible with the flash turned on).Battery life is good, and easily lasts all day. Using it moderately, and staying overnight in a hotel, which included some WiFi usage, and using it as a media player for about an hour did not drain the battery much, I had a 3/4 charge by time I arrived home the next day.I recommend getting a screen protector, since unlike the LG 840G, the touchscreen is a soft plastic. Other things that were different than the ZTE:1. My banks app actual runs on this phone (it crashed on the ZTE).2. Videos play smoother with the default app.3. The USB connector is better placed, being on the bottom.4. The bluetooth worked much better with my PC (the Valet had trouble connecting).Some other viewers mentioned it is slippery, having owned an iPhone 4 (ATT), I can say this is nowhere near as slippery. A case isn't a necessity, like it is with the iPhone which will slide down the very gentle slope of my laptop lid like it's on rollers.What I hope LG does in the future is come out with an even higher end model for Tracfone (in the $200 range). I think a lot of people would gladly fork over an extra hundred for a dual core phone with a gorilla glass screen, and a better camera.

For $99.99 and no warranty, don't waste your money.  The charger port is so cheap, it had trouble plugging in from the start and only got worse.  After only 2 weeks it is broken and the phone is useless.  This was not &#34;user error&#34;; it is cheap, cheap quality electronics.  I called a repair shop and was told that since the port is connected directly to the motherboard it is not repairable.

The phone gets the job done. You can use almost all the Google Play Store apps. So far the only one I couldn't use was SnapChat(I kept on getting can't play this video error message.) The phone is pretty fast after I downloaded a launcher (Just search what a launcher is on YouTube to find out more.) Every now and then it will get kinda slow for a few seconds like when ever I wanna clear my apps. The screen is clear but could be way better, you can see small pixels up close on the screen so if you wanna get this phone or are thinking about this phone just keep that in mind that you are NOT getting any thing close to an HD display. The camera is meh only 3mp which is not too bad when taking photos outside. Overall if you MUST have a Tracfone and only Tracfone and say you wanna upgrade from your current Tracfone then this isn't a bad upgrade. But for 99 bucks you're better off if you can just putting that money toward a much better phone or even a Windows 8 Phone that are very cheap and have better screen and camera features. The Nokia 520 GoPhone with at&t; is only 60 bucks.Edit: July 14, 2014After looking at other phones and other phone providers that offer a much better deal then Tracfone and their phones I have given more thoughts on my first review and that is to also look for other phones and phone providers. If you are a teenager or you're a person who thinks they might use lots of apps or even maybe a handful of apps, take pictures, and other smart phone stuff, this is not the phone for you. This phone is pretty much for people who only use Tracfone because maybe they do not wanna pay for monthly phone bills or maybe don't care about using to many apps. The selling point of this phone is that it is an android phone with Tracfone and that you can download apps like you can on other smart phones expect now you can do that with Tracfone, but, the main problem is the phone it self and that is with Tracfone (tho the apps DO work, they tend to be very slow and some do not work properly with the phone). For the almost 100 bucks you pay for this phone you are much better off just either saving that money and putting it towards a GOOD smart phone or just getting one of their cheaper "old skhool" phones, which aren't bad for what they are (just calling and maybe texting.) I would recommend that if you are wanting a smart phone but do not wish to pay a large phone or no phone bill at all is to look no further and search up Ting and FreedomPop as they both have insanely awesome phone plans for people like me who do not use their smart phone enough to justify paying 30 or 50 bucks monthly. Also to add is that if you use data with this Tracfone and your data runs out, you have to purchase more data separately from the minutes/texts card. Hope my review helped :)

Excellent product for the price.  Very happy with the performance of the phone so far.  Met all of my expectations.  This may be the best of all of the Tracfone Androids.

I love this phone. It does everything I expected it to do and more. The data doesn't really run down as quickly as I thought it might.

This phone is as close as you can get to a smart phone with tracfone. It does everything I need it to do and I love it.

This is the third Tracfone I have purchased in the past 12 years and it is just as disapointing as the other two. I stayed with Tracfone because I keep hearing the other companies are even worse. Have had this phone for over a week, I've managed to slog through the instructions and get some of the stuff to work. I am still unable to down load google play  or attach a picture to a message and get it to send. Like my past Tracphones, I'll use this one as a basic dumb phone and forget all the other stuff I paid for. Very frustrating.Wasn't even able to get the evaluation they sent me to work. Keeps telling me to fill in a question I had already answered, so I just deleated it and put my thoughts here. Get the $14.95 flip phone, it has the same useful capabilities  as this one and it's alot less expensive.

I like this phone - so far it seems to do everything I want it to. The display is good sized but not so large as to make the phone awkward to handle.

New Information added July 20, 2014CAVEAT EMPTOR: Let the frequent app installer beware:MY RATING IS STILL FIVE STARSThe LG Optimus Dynamic II (LG39C) Android Prepaid Phone with Triple Minutes is still a 5-star phone in my opinion, in spite of the problem that I relate below.WARNINGYou need to be careful how many apps, especially widgets, you download to your phone, especially if they reside in the phone's RAM (active memory) and run all the time. Even some game apps or utility apps that are not widgets stay in memory. Other apps, if properly written, only run when you start them, and quit when you exit them by backing out of them.I installed one too many widget apps to my LG Optimus Dynamic II LG39C smartphone, and ended up causing my phone to sometimes lock up and require me to reboot my phone. One of the memory management apps said I was only using 83% of my RAM, but I still had problems.I removed three widget apps, and have had no problems since. The fault was not the phone's. The fault was mine for being overzealous with the 1 GB of RAM memory that is in the phone.(NOTE that you can have as many properly written regular apps as you can fit on your memory card, as long as each of them exit properly when you finish playing them or using them. It's the programs that keep themselves in memory that eat up the RAM.)RATING AND RECOMMENDATIONI am not downgrading my five-star rating for this phone because the problem I had was due to my having too many programs on my phone. The LG Optimus Dynamic II LG39C smartphone is STILL a 5-star phone in my opinion, and I still heartily recommend it, especially to people who don't make a lot of phone calls, because TracFone has a good program that allows you to get enough minutes for typical low-end use without costing an arm and a leg as some providers charge.MY NEXT STEP - MY NEXT PHONE?I do miss the functionality of those glass widgets, and I love other programs, and want to write some of my own, so I am am looking for my next phone, and am leaning toward an android phone that is similar to one of theLG G3phones, if they ever come down in price that my budget can handle it, though I might settle for another android phone that has (or can be expanded) to 2 or 3 GB of RAM.I'm not willing to start paying the higher monthly bills to get the discount on the upfront cost, nor am I willing to go with the higher upfront cost to stay with TracFone, so I might have to do a lot of serious looking to find a 2GB or 3GB RAM android phone that is compatible with TracFone and compatible with my budget.================================MY OLD LG OLYMPUS DYNAMIC REVIEW================================Starting February 10, 2014, I went through the process of getting, being dissatisfied with, and returning several phones at Walmart.I started with a megaphone with an AT&T; plan, but the monthly fee was just too much for my rural old-style programmer mind, and I thought the phone was uncomfortably big in my hand, so I switched to a Straight Talk phone with Android, but even that data plan seemed too expensive for me. (I'm 62), and somehow they disconnected my number (which might have somehow been AT&T;'s fault), so ...I switched to a Star Trek style flip phone with TracFone, but quickly realized that I still wanted to learn some Android, so ...I upgraded to one of their Android phones, but sometimes, when I'd press one key on the screen, I would get a character from the other side of the screen, so ...I ordered this LG Optimus Dynamic II phone from Amazon, then went online to TracFone's toll-free number to move the number from one phone to the other, and though it took most of the day for TracFone CustServ to finish the job, it was done to my satisfaction.My only complaint is that I have to turn on the speakerphone to hear more clearly, but that's not LG's fault. After all, my ears are 62, also. (No, I haven't gotten a hearing aid yet, it's not that bad yet.) I did finally get thePanasonic KXTG7875S DECT 6.0 5-Handset High Quality Phone System with Answering Capabilitywhich lets me more clearly hear my calls when I'm home. See my Panasonic review here: http://www.amazon.com/review/R309OWZLIXPDD3/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm==============NEW CONCLUSION==============added July 20, 2014If you old enough to be an AARP member, and if you don't make a lot of phone calls each month, but you do want to stay in touch, with phone calls, message texts, and limited Internet, then this is the phone for you. It works really well with TracFone, and since this is an Android phone, you actually get triple the minutes when you buy a refill at Walmart or at TracFone.com. (You also get triple that number of message units and triple that number of megabytes of Internet), which might sound confusing, but you get used to it. Buy a 120 minute card, you get 360 phone minutes, 360 texts, and 360 megabytes of Internet (data plan).If you sometimes have a month where you use it a lot, but most months your usage is much less, you can pay for three months at a time or even a year at a time. I paid for a year in March, and did have lots of usage when my motorhome burned due to faulty mechanic work in Pope County Arkansas. I suspect my overall usage will still come out much less than an unlimited calling plan with one of the big companies, and now that I've settled down, and bought a house in South Carolina, I expect my usage to average out to a low amount each month. In fact, now I don't worry about running out of phone minutes or megabytes of Internet, I worry that my message texts will run out first.

Full disclosure...I bought this phone from QVC.com...principally because it came with 1200 minutes/data/text all for $128.00 plus S&H.  When I got the phone...I charged it overnight...the following morning...I went to my Tracfone account and entered the serial number and codes to transfer my minutes.  After about 20 minutes I noted that my LG840g was showing an unregistered SIM...I then (per instructions) dialed *22890 and completed the activation.  The only problem I had was when I tried calling my new phone, I received a message saying my number was no longer in service...I called Tracfone and was connected to a tech support person within 5 minutes...he had me re-dial the *22890 number and that fixed the issue.  One note to Tracfone customers is, make sure you go to your account and verify this is your phone.  I am still learning all the features...but Campjeep has answered all I have asked, and I give him/her a well deserved round of applause!  Also download the Tracfone app from Google Play Store to check your balances and register at [...] for a place to answer your questions regarding this phone.  I would note that when doing research...I asked a question and received a personal message from a Tracfone Representative. Now that is what I call service...and her response closed the deal on my decision to buy the LG39c.  I love Amazon...but this one time...QVC one up-ed you.

This phone is about what I expected but it's the best Tracfone has to offer at this time.  Hopefully they will come up with a better one soon.

Fairly intuitive phone.  Easy to set up and has a lot of features for a budget smart phone.  However, Tracfone customer service is problematic, as it took 8 hours of phone calls and several people to work out their service (add airtime, port phone).  They don't seem to know what they are doing (you get different information from different people when trying to trouble shoot issues).  As far as the phone, it works great and no issues so far.  Once the Tracfone service is set up, it's a great savings on a smart phone-you can't beat the price for pay as you go service over other monthly plans, anywhere that I found.

I bought this phone for my husband since the lg840 was no longer cutting it for him, he is having a good time with it and it is pretty easy to use and still trying to figure out things but other than that no issues so far. The tracfone minute pool could be an issue with texting but we downloaded KIK and are able to use it without being charged. You really can't beat the pricing if you are not a heavy user of the phone like we are, and don't find the need to pay out for a monthly plan. We had some issues in WV with no service on our last trip but no problems anywhere else, very fine phone so far.

My first &#34;smart phone&#34;.  Taking a while but I am starting to use more of its features, id. est. weather, emails, etc. Much cheaper than the monthly plans.

I read the reviews carefully before purchasing this Android, and it sounded like it would cover my needs.So far, my only complaints are short battery life and no flash for the camera - especially the flash, but no complaints on camera adjustments available.
