
*** Corrected ****Nice Phone, but ONLY 1GB available on phone for Applications (NOT 4GB).This may be enough if you don't have too many apps.(The Studio 5.0 - by comparison - has only 500mb.- which is not acceptable. The phones are similarly priced.)-  had incorrectly confused two the two phones previously. Oops! - now corrected!---This is a minimally acceptable amount of available memory for an android phone.Other BLU phone in this price range have at least 1.0GB avalable - (except for the Studio 5.0) and that is just about manageable for many people for whom I set these phones up.There may be other Blu phones with more or less memory available, but the only to find out before you buy it seems to be to call BLU Support first. They admit that these are unpublished specs. (As of May 2014)

GOOD IS GREAT AND I SAY BETTER THAN EXPECTED EXPECTATIONS, THE PHOTOS APPEAR ON TWITER TAKE IN, COMES COMPLETE WITH HER PLASTIC PROTECTOR AND BAD IS THAT WHICH WAS TO COME ON THE SCREEN PROTECTOR WAS EMPTY, FOR THE PRICE THIS SUPER GOOD WAY FAST PHONE NO EVIL HAVE TWO PHONE LINES, THE OTHER IS THE SETTING FOR THIS PHONE IS NOT IN ALL THE PHONE OF VENEZUELA, SO fIX THE APN GOOD WALK TO THE WIFI INTERNET IS SUPER QUICK TO HAVE THESE CONSIDERATIONS WHEN BUYING THIS FOR ME BUT OK.

I give it five star because this phone is working perfect, nice design, good performance, big screen, cameras very good, etc.. definitely I recommend this phone

this phone is far better than Samsung gallxy the phone  is ABC  for some one who might never have use smarthphones. and even for advance users it is 2.5mins to get it running.

I've had this phone for 3 weeks now and works great. Its actually better than my evo and way better reception. Its does a lot more than my evo plus I can run multiple apps at the same time with no lagging. Only problem is the camera is not that great but no big deal. I can make and receive calls in buildings that I couldn't' do with my other phone. Overall great phone.Glad I made the switch from sprint to straightalk which my daughter will be too soon. No more 180 dollars bills.

The Camera is bad at night .

i love my phone

Got the phone for about a week now, first the good things: perfect 5&#34;  screen, software works perfect, the cons: poor screen resolucion, phone is kind of heavy, some buttons feel cheap and fragile,screen keeps dingling like he wantsto go off,  all by all for the price it is a decent phone, if you are on a butget like me go for it, if not do yourself a favor and go for a brandname phone!

I did not get a memory card with it. i purchased one but cannot get it to work otherwise it a great phone. if someone could just tell me how to mount the memory card

the device is good but the quality of photos in nights is very bad.the time is reset automatically when I remove the battery

The phone is OK if ur only talk,text & web

love this phone it's been 24 hours since I got it and everything is cool the 2 sims works great so I don't have to carry 2 phones around the technician at Tmobile  thought it was a great phone too I think I might buy another one for my husband its a really cool phone and it comes with a jelly sleeve  the picture quality is fine ,comes loaded with lots of ring tones I have an iPhone  and I didn't think I could like an android  but I'm loving this one

so far so good. nice speakers in the back. very clear screen and radio play nice and loud. I hope i will have this a long time

I purchased this phone and 2 days later Asian porn apps started popping up. I did a restore and didnt download any apps, the same thing happened!!! Apps in another language started popping up, so I sent the phone back and got the Studio. Studio is much better, do not buy this phone for any kids!

I like this product

Phone is bigger than I expected,  it is working ok so far, it comes unlocked, i put my chip in and it works, would definitely recommend.

In love with this phone. I was looking for a reasonably priced smartphone and was very impressed by this phone when i got it.

This item is great , it arrived on time as ordered ,I love all of the specification. And it comparable with my friends android brand name handsets. My friends love this phone

I just received my Blu Dash 5.0 phone today after just ordering it a day ago which is excellent shipping GO AMAZON! I absolutely love this phone already! I just got on board with straight talk so I'm excited about the future of this phone and service! So far so good! Definitely recommend this phone!

I am very happy with all the features that your phone .. Navigation is smooth games look very good is very strong cellular and finishes are amazing truth exceeded my expectations is a great team to be worth about $ 130

I'm very pleased!

Smart phone perfect price

I really love this phone easy to use, pretty & great screen colors. Great phone for the price highly recommend.I use AT&T; this phone uses a regular size sim card. My Windows phone used a mini. Easy fix, go into any AT&T; corporate store and they will give you a sim card to fit the phone. You just need to call 611 & give them the new sim card #. WALA that's it.

You can not beat this for the price. first of all let me say that is it is an excellent and very large screen with beautiful clarity and colors. I have owned galaxies, I have had droids and this is my favorite phone I've ever had. The camera is fairly good it has a nice 5 megapixels but the flash is extremely dim it's not very bright at all. I have never had the phone freeze or crash which every other phone did constantly. it has one of the best fastest processors have had on any of my phoneI actually ended up buying one from my mother & 1 for my boyfriend just because I love it so much and they also like it more than any other phone that they had. It's definitely a smart phone is got a lot of qualities....

I was nervous buying this phone. I've never heard of it before. But it's definetly better than any of my other phone's I have had. Definitely recommending to other friends to get it. (:

It freezes all the time the camera ain't worth it if o could get my money back I would not a lot of space

Let's face it, this is not going to compare to the latest Galaxy or iPhone.This is an unlocked Android for $130, which is ~$500 cheaper than the latter phones unlocked.The screen is mediocre, the 4G is decently fast, and the overall snappiness is average.However, the phone works perfectly. All apps (no games tested) have been running great.It looks great, comes with a case, screen protector, and headphones.The one star deduction is for the camera. Really poor resolution; front camera more-so than the back camera.i.e. When I try to deposit checks via BoA app, the checks are refused because of  blurriness.I guess I forgot how bad 5.0MP/1.3MP cameras are.Regardless, if you're on a tight budget looking for a decent phone,or just need a phone to hold you over till the next upgrade (like me),then the Dash 5.0 is the way to go

I orignally had an Iphone 4. I heard about the BLU phones and ordered one. It Works amazing. I love it more then my Iphone. Works great super fast. Althou the camara could not be compared to an Iphone camara its desent. I would buy this phone any day of the week. It has never froze on me and its always responsive. The touch screen is sensitive but works great. Ive had my phone for over a month and wouldnt trade it for any other phone. The wide screen is great as well the pixals are really good! :)

The cellphone works very fine and it's very fast, the only thing is that the camera does not work at night or in low light even using the flash led, that is why i gave it 4 stars

Very solid phone with a great looking screen. The only small complaint was the menu home and back keys light up almost too bright. Especially in dark lighting. Other than that I definitely recommend it.

A cheaper and fantastic smartphone, really amazing.

Great phone works well with T-Mobile!!! I have no problem with this phone & the color is different & beautiful

This phone works great for me. Have it now for two weeks. The size of the screen is nice. The colours are clear and vivid . Apps loads very fast and both sims work quite fine. The only thing is the flash for the camera which is very poor so it doesnt take good pictures in the dark.  I also wish that there was a LED indicator so that I would know when I have messages. Other wise than that, I think its worth the money I paid.

I really wished I had the chance to really play with it more... However their return and help was absolutely excellent , love there fast response... Great Job.

So far, it's really good. This is my second smartphone and it's great. It kinda look like Samsung 3 that my friend have (Sometimes). The camera is not the best but it does its job. For wifi, I only use it at home. I recommend it. :)

The phone works perfect and is more than i expected .Received it very fast too.I am going to buy a couple of of these phones for my family.

This phone make sense correct, infact i dey enjoy am.m e i no get any wahala with the phone, as i get am i just enter my sim sharp sharp no delay at all. guys make una go get una own kia kia, cause delay dey expensive ooooooooo. this na naija boy for yankee. AREAAAAAAAAA

THIS MUCH LIKE ME YET SET PHONE AND FRONT CAMERA DOES NOT WORK, TOO FAST PEO, TREMENDOUS PICTURE, VERY SATISFIED worth ANOTHER THING IS LASTING BATTERY AMAZED WITH THIS ITEM ... GREETINGS FROM VENEZUELA ...

I have the phone for about a week. It shipped fast. The package came with no bubble wrap or any type of protection.Now about the phone, so far so good. This replaced my 11 month old generic android China phone I also ordered here in Amazon.Pros: - I'm not an App addict so with a 32GB microSD installed, the space/memory on this phone is good enough for my needs- I installed a few games (not 3D) the phone can run them well and I'm able to move all the games & apps to the SD card- It can play all my mp4 movies smoothly up to 960x540 resolution. Volume is good & loud- No touch screen problems like freezing, going blank, rebooting etc like I read on other reviews on Blu cell phones.- The screen is bright, responsive and as for angle viewing, I find no issues with it, as I don't look at the phonesideways to often- Battery life is excellent compared to my other phone. With light calls, chatting, gaming by the end of the day, it still has67% left.- The plastic case & screen protector are a nice bonus.- The phone itself looks very good, nice & thin and it doesn't look cheap. Also the headphone 3.5mm jack works!Cons: - The phone I received was in a sealed box but the white paint was "chipped" at the upper corner. Must be a defect.(I'll upload some pictures to show this) it's a small chip, but still frustrating to see on a brand new phone!- No spare battery like my old generic android China phone.- The screen protector was also defective. It looks like it was folded at the bottom corner- Besides the provided case no other case fits BLU Dash 5.0 and that's a shame.- The touch screen is very sensitive on the lower right side. Holding the phone on the sides keeps selecting the contact icon- Playback lag on 720p & 1080p mp4All in all I like the phone. It functions just as it should. I am hoping that it will last longer than my 11 month old generic android phone before it gives me any problems. I'm using a prepaid service on a T-Mobile network. There are areas where I get 3g hspa speeds. The phone itself has lots of ringtones & wallpapers installed, some my find that as a good thing as for me I don't like any of the ringtones or the wallpaper, I'm using my own. I hope BLU will release an update for Android Kit-Kat 4.4 on this phone, that would be awesome!--- JULY 2014 update: The phone is still alive & kicking after 6mos and I'm glad to see there are now a few cases & screen protectors for this phone that is a plus! The battery is still holding despite the warm weather. Well worth the $129 I paid for it!!!

I really love this phone. It works great and the battery charge lasts enough time. I don't have problems with anything. It's excellent for the price that I paid. Strongly recommended.

Has far surpassed my expectations. Waited a couple of weeks before posting review but device is awesome. Fantastic value. Paired w/ T-Mobile no contract and saving tons of money. If it has a drawback it would be the camera- not as good as the I phone's.

I loved this phone at first.  I never had a smart phone before, so this was a big step up for me.  I've used it for about a week now and had to update a contact name in my Contacts.  Well, unless it's the user's fault and I just can't figure it out, I am not able to find a way to either change or delete it altogether.  Once a contact is added, it's there for good.Also, the phone is on a heavy side....at least for me since my previous phone was very light.  I do like that it comes with a case and a screen protector, and the price is right.  I use Airvoice Wireless as my provider, and so far so good.UPDATE: my teenage son showed me how to update/delete a contact, so it was my fault.

un telefono economico, eficiente, no hay quejas de el, el tama&ntilde;o es el indicado

I bought this phone for a friend and I have not heard her complain.  She loves it very much. Blu phones are really great for the price.  I just wish they would improve the camera quality and then Samsung Galaxy would have nothing on them, that's the only edge  I've found that the Galaxy S4 has over them.

I know this brand is not well know but I decided to give it a try, so I bought this phone to replace my old Sony Xperia x10 mini that got broken a few days ago. I received the phone and I must say is huge but cute. After a quick check I start charge it for 24 hours, next day I started to use the phone for sending and receiving sms, two hours later the touch panel doesn't work. I restart the phone, took out the battery, sim cards, everything and still not work. I'm in process to return the phone 'cause I'm outside the US right now.Final note, DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND and get a good quality and renown.

Nice piece for the price. Performing upto the mark in all aspects except the following1.I can hardly see the screen while I am out, especially if it is bright out side2.Photo quality would have been better though the mobile is equipped with 5.0 M.P camera

nice product, I bought it for a friend and she love it. Good for the price and it works perfectly.

It is a very impressive smart phone, nothing to envy any other. I highly recommend.

I needed an upgrade but I wasn't ready to shell out hundreds of dollars to the phone company for a plan phone. I have had this phone for 4 months now and it works flawlessly. It may not be quite as fast as those $600 phones but it has a nice screen resolution, takes pretty good pictures and does well on the internet.The touch screen works perfectly and I have no complaints. The internal storage is small but I pay close attention to where downloads are stored and have no issues. If you want a phone that works perfect with AT&T but don't want to pay for it forever then this is a great option.

This phone is amazing....it has all the features that I need and more. The only drawback for me is that the battery goes really fast. Over a period of 8 hours because I use it on the go I have to keep charging, when I drive its been charged, and when I get to the office  even though I charge it overnight.  So if the genius that manufactures this phone could work on a better quality batter then that would make a substantial difference. So far, so good!

I just got my blu dash 5.0 yesterday I bought it for my wife and it's pretty nice the screen quality is awesome! The sound is pretty good not very loud. I only have two complaints you can't access the internet with straight talk or send or recieve picture text which is very annoying!!! If you do get straight talk don't get a T- Mobile sim card they have crappy service I switched to net 10 AT&T she now has full signal and 4G...i do have one other complaint the headphones that come with it are total garbage crappier than dollar general headphones. The case it comes with is a clear case nice gel plastic that snaps right on, the screen protector fits perfectly, she's had the phone for bout 2 weeks and she loves the phone good investment for the price no complaints it's a good phone for the price!

MY SON HAD BEEN REQUESTING A NEW PHONE; THEREFORE, I MADE IT ONE OF HIS GRADUATION GIFT. HE DESERVED IT BECAUSE HE HAS ALWAYS BEEN A WELL MANNERED CHILD WHO HAS NOT GIVEN ME ANY TROUBLE WHILE GROWING UP. I LOVE HIM WITH ALL MY HEART, AND I WANTED TO OVERWHELM  HIM BY PURCHASING THE PHONE OF HIS CHOICE ( THE BLU DASH 5.0). CONGRATULATION SON  CLASS OF 2014.

Why in the world would someone have to pay $400+ for a phone when you can purchase Blu Dash 5.0 for $129. It's AWESOME! I'm in love with it. And super chic carrying it around.

Awesome phone. Sleek design; vivid large color screen. Does everything I need it to do - works well with all android apps. Has no issues with T-Mobile. I added a 32gb memory card and it's perfect for videos, games, apps, etc. Clear sound and call quality. No technical quirks or restart issues. Comes with headset, charger, plastic case, and screen protector. Really happy with the purchase. Highly recommend. Only negative is the camera - camera quality is poor - the pictures aren't clear, doesn't focus well, resolution fair. Also GPS is a little funny, when I use navigation or google maps while driving the signal is a bit here and there - I get very random directions. Aside from camera and GPS, it's a great smart phone.

This is a good phone,  It is very pretty, It seems as good as a Samsung phone, but I don't like that the on and off button is on the left side, so accidentally turn it off a lot.  I wanted to use this phone with virgin mobile but I found out that they will not let you use an unlocked phone with their service and tracfone will not let you either.  I went to the At&t store and they could not activate it either.  So I am stuck with T-Mobile right now until I can find another service that will accept an unlocked phone.  If you buy this phone make sure you don't drop it without some kind of case to protect it, I dropped mine right after I got it and it cracked.  The battery does not charge very fast.  Iphones charge a lot faster.  Over all the phone is good, my mine problem is finding a service provider who will accept an unlocked phone.

needs better cases for this particular phone..other than that its a good purchase im happy with the functions of the phone.

the phone is a good phone , just have a few issues with that version of android , other than that its good

Love my phone!!!:-)

Got the phone a week ago and just as good as the Samsung Galaxy all you need is a SD card.

I had a Galaxy S4 and lost it so I went back to my S2 and it broke.. So I tried this phone and thought at the price don't expect to much. For the price it works great!  The battery lasts all day with moderate use. It comes with a clear case. It dose seem to take longer to charge (about 4+ hours from 0%) This is the big phone you want without breaking the bank!

I am really enjoying the phone.  It is easy to use, good features.  I still have not tried to use it with my consumer cellular calling plan so I don't know if it will work with it or not.  It's large without being too large.

My device needed a couple system resets before it started to work right. The camera/video is the only thing on the device that is sub-par. Just after 2 months my device's touch interface wouldn't respond.  BLU Technical Support is very slow to respond and I was without my phone for days.  BLU finally responded and asked to send pictures/videos of the issue. I sent them video and stated that I cleaned the connectors inside with isopropyl alcohol and that didn't fix it.  They responded a couple days later saying it was covered under warranty and told me to send it in.  After nearly 2 weeks they responded and said the device wasn't covered because it was opened. They didn't even troubleshoot the issue. They want to charge me nearly full price for the device to fix it (and they won't even tell me what the issue is).  It doesn't seem as though they want to send my device back either unless I pay.  Thanks BLU, horrible customer service!

i love this phone wish i woud have got it a long time ago i wold deffinitly recommend the phone

Pros: good battery, screen, call quality, data speed on t-mobileCons: GPS, water resistance.It got splashed (not badly, maybe a teaspoon) while in its protective case. I wiped it down but two days later there was water under the screen.  It dried out (I spend time in the high desert), but if you live in Florida...it might be a show stopper.GPS quality is pretty mediocre, but not as bad as my last Blu phone.Beyond that, the phone has been excellent.  Great data speed for a 3g phone (6mb/s).  Decent call quality.  It would be nice if they shipped it with an integrated assistant (t-mob's &#34;genius&#34;, apple's Siri...there are dozens), but that's a minor complaint.

This phone is great it arrived on time has a great picture and allows me to perform multiple apps at the same time

features price ratio is very good, the phone is has very little memory.In general I recommend it.The delivery time was excellent and the phone has arrived in good condition and complete

I previously had the Dash 4.5 which actually had some issues but wanted the bigger screen  and for the price I figured I would see how he Dash 5.0 would do. I haven't had any of the issues with the dash 5.0. Phone works great. Ended up upgrading my wifes phone to the 5.0 within a week and she is also happy with hers. Would definitely buy again, You can't beet the price!!

Decent phone with the specs. Bought it for my wife and it works fine on dual SIM. She is loving it. Robust as well as my two daughters fight over it all the time. Its the right size for a Phablet.

Have been using Amazon for a while now, this is my first review of anything I have purchased.  I have Amazon prime, shipping is amazingly fast!!!As for the product, exceeded my expectations especially with the price.  Not sure how long it'll last, but for now...I love it.The only thing I dislike about the phone is, you can ONLY use their headset for the best sound, even if it's the same size.  Not sure about the more expensive headset, as I am using a samsung/blackberry set.

i love my new BLU cellphone

The features on the phone are good, the front camera on it is not that great...I read it in other reviews but didn't pay it much mind.. Not that I'm all in to using it but, it kinda does suck when you want too and you just can't get a good pic out of it! The regular camera works well tho..I think once you get this phone set up and working properly (which can be tricky) it works great and serves its purpose. I have had one issue with it not functioning at all when on the wall charger or a one button touch turns into chaos and the phone goes crazy, opening and typing random things...but after it is on the charger for a bit it seems to correct itself. I really only charge at night so this doesn't seem to be a huge issue for me....I did contact BLU about it, they got right back to me with what should resolve it and said they could replace the phone if that didn't work, but like I said..it isn't the end of the world for me....I'm not a huge &#34;phone&#34; person, so for me this phone does exactly what I need it to do

The speaker is very low.The viewing angle from tilting the screen slightly downwards makes it almost impossible to see what is on the screen.It stops recognizing the memory card and you have to keep reformatting it for the phone to read it again.

I had been looking for a smartphone that wouldn't &#34;break the bank&#34; and purchased the BLU Dash 5.0 after reading just two great reviews and contacting both BLU and Amazon about returning the phone if necessary.  So far the phone has been great.  I did have to switch to T-Mobile (BLU rep suggested this) but I am very pleased with the phone and the service.  The phone does not look or work like an inexpensive phone and people with the more expensive ones are impressed with the phone as much as I am. As for the accessories: the Samsung S4 screen saver fits, but it did come with two. It came with a soft plastic back cover and I found a wallet type carrier on Amazon that works great when I carry the phone in by messenger bag. I would definitely recommend the BLU Dash 5.0 to new smartphone users who are looking for an inexpensive phone.  Like I said, so far so good!

Had some complications but when I contacted the seller, they were more than willing to help ease the situation. Would have given full stars but I don't like getting my product late. No complaints about the phone. Great phone, works perfect.

I don't like that adobe flash isn't compatible and you can't get office products and the camera doesn't have good flash but other than those things , if a person isn't picky then it's a decent phone for the money. Also you can't change your font like you could with other android devices and it doesn't automatically come with swype.

This phone is awesome.  I've had it for a few months now and works great.  Very fast processor and well constructed.  Highly recommended.  I have paired mine with Net10 running the AT&T network and my total bill is $70 a month for 2 smart phones.

Just received my new Blu Dash 5.0 Cell phone.  Had it for a couple of days now.  Must admit that at first I was a bit hesitant to buy it.  And once purchased...a bit of concern about the outcome.  Well, so far, so very good!  It struck me as an aesthetic, good looking piece of comm equipment.  Great size for my eyes and fingers!  Put it to work right away and it started to work surprisingly well, totally compatible with my carrier.  It has basically all the features of a Galaxy 2 or 3 (I had them both...) so for the price, it seems to be a great value! The only flaw, so far (and I consider this to be a minor one) is the rather poor quality of the pictures, as compared with other brands.  But i'm not a selfie freak nor a professional photographer, so it is of no concern to me.  Now it shall be put to the test of time and use over the course of weeks, months and years to come.  I hope I made the right decision. So far so good.

Works great, just like a galaxy phone. Put in a GSM sim card and you are good to go. It is a little heavier then I expected other its a great phone I like very much.

Like the phone color and size but not the way the phone works internet don't work only if I have my wiFi connection with me. Picture flash still have black pics

This is an additional review to go along with my pictures. Ive only owned this phone for about a day now. Ill start from the beginning. UPS got here around 5 with my box. I opened it to see the phone box and with my additionally separately ordered 16 GB micro SD card. I unboxed the phone, wasnt surprised about all the contents inside of it since i had watched many videos of unboxing BLU phones on youtube. I was surprised of the quality of the case. Its silicon but a HARD silicon. Its not going to  protect the face of the phone very much though. It also came with a screen protector which i found very difficult to install, mainly because i do not like lining everything up correctly. The screen protector along with the case will just keep the phone clean in my opinion.Now it also came with a USB charging/syncing cable along with a wall adapter. With the case on it, the only thing that will fit through the little port would be the USB cable that came with it. if you want to use a separate USB cable you would have to remove the case.The back casing of this phone (the thing that covers the battery and components)  is very thin and i was afraid of taking it off because it felt like it would just snap. So it was difficult to take off.Booting up the phone wasnt a problem it was very standard. it took about a minute to get the phone up and running.This phone has a lot of customizations, just like any android. You can change your wallpaper easily, theres moving wallpapers, static, you can change your text message background you can do just about anything.Ive compared this phone to the samsung galaxy note 2 and the samsung galaxy 3. There isnt much of a different other than the camera quality and internal memory.this phone is very smooth it runs smooth and i havent had any trouble with  it so far so ill update it if i run into anything.Oh and today i charged my phone untill 100% around 10am and now its 8pm and its only at 70% and ive been using it regularly although i should say it does help to have your screen at 50% or less.:)

The glass on the screen broke when I had it in my pocket and squatted down. The pressure of my pants on the phone broke the glass. It had the included silicone case on it. I had the phone for less than a week, using it occasionally.The touch screen is completely useless, and thus the phone is completely useless as well.The rest of the phone is awesome and works well, but without a functional touch screen, it is an expensive paper weight.Very disappointed. Luckily I still have my old phone hooked up still, or else I would be screwed.DO NOT BUY!!!  It might last longer than a week, but it will break without even being dropped.

THE PHONE IS EXCELLENT. HAS VERY GOOD MANUFACTURING AND MATERIALS ARE OF GOOD QUALITY. RELATIONSHIP IS VERY GOOD VALUE PRICE. WAS A GIFT FOR MY SON AND IS VERY PLEASED WITH YOUR NEW PHONE. VERY COMPLETE AND I highly recommend it. EQUALLY RECOMMEND SELLER TO WHICH ALL THE PROMISE FULFILLED

Perfecto estado.

Don't expect Nexus 5 quality specs because you will always not get it here. What you can expect, however, is a great product with a great price and solid performance. They also look great. Did I mention that they have a GREAT price?

the phone stuck to minute, then restarted and it took 1 hour pure restarts, and when it was turned clung again to the minute, I can not return because in Venezuela there are limited dollars to buy from amazon, I lost my money. .....

Do NOT buy a Blu phone. Phone broke after 6 months and it takes at least 2 months to get your phone back from repair

Camera flash is terrible (offers no acceptable light), audio quality issues when using a earpiece to talk on the phone or when or listening to music (music seems clear initially and soon after degrades). Cannot get a spare battery anywhere, cannot get any other type of case anywhere, a little on the heavier side.Pro: ~$130 for a dual sim, unlocked Android phone is fantastic as compared to a $600 phone from a major carrier, perfect backup phone should you're on contract phone break and you need to get something quick, Good fit and finish (looks like a quality made phone). A 5 inch screen seems very clear and acceptable quality for the average user, running Android jelly bean, seems to download all applications from Google Play without a problem, comes with the clear silicone case for protection. Battery life seems acceptable. overall this is an acceptable phone if you are willing to give up some of the quality and features of the major manufacturers and get off of the high cost new model or 2 year contract upgrade Merry-go-round.

This phone is amazing, low price and excellent specifications. This is my first BLU phone and I recommend the brand and this model, BLU Dash 5,0.

Ok for android phone.. I give it a 3because even though it is very good.. I had a SD card and it some how stored very important pics into the find that I'm unable to get out of the files and deleted my memory sd card without asking so be careful but other then that the phone us excellent

For the price the phone is amazing.. I was surprised at how fast it is. I've had my phone for three weeks, and i'm loving it. No complaints.

so far so good I like it. I am happy the price is reasonable wow . my question is what is the return police or warranty.. how can I add protection plan??  I am also thank you for the extra items which is the protection for the back and for the screen and the ear phone that was a surprise good job.Thanks!

The best phone for price!

Great phone for the price would have given it a 5 star but the front camera is not to great but other than that great buy and it comes with a nice Lil protection case

I love this phone because its pretty and its big. The deliver was medium and it works well like any other smart phone.

Very good phone for the price.I bought this phone for my wife and I got a 4-inch one (Advance 4.0).In my opinion 5-inch phones are too large for carrying in your pocket, but they are OK for a woman's handbag.The camera doesn't have auto-focus feature, wich is not a problem if you don't use it for bank deposits.From the 4 GB storage is you can only use about 1.6 GB, the rest is used by the OS and other core programs, so I sugest to get an additional memory (we got an 8GB memory) and try to install as many programs as you can in the external memory.I would definitely recomend this phone if you don't mind the size (too big for me).

I had this phone since March.  Taken pictures are horrible can't take any pics in the dark not even wit flash.  Now in July this phones freezes 2-3 times a day. So buyer beware, don't know if it's the apps I have or wat.

GREAT buy.  Loses a star for being a bit slow in uploading.  Screen size great for viewing  Cannot say much more because I'm still learning how to navigate an Android.

Nice phone like it a lot, fits the purpose I needed it for. Has almost everything you need in a smart phone for less than half the price. Shipping went well it was delivered on time, properly package. Pleased with this purchase.

This is a very good phone works better than the galaxy 3 I love the screen size if looking at this phone get it because it is worth the money I promise you

Thought the phone was 4G.

It is the worst product out there do not buy this piece of crap phone  nothing compares to an iPhone

This phones is awesome. It is better than expected the best thing its size and quality. I must admit that for the prize this phone is outstanding. I would totally recommend buying this phone. It actually feels very good in hand and is very fast although screen and picture quality is not the best this is a very good phone.

I'm 62 and have not had a problem figuring this phone out for the most part.  It's much easier then the old touch phone that I bought a couple of years ago and has a much larger screen which is a big plus for me.  I'm still learning the features, some of which I probably won't use much, but for all my needs it's close to perfect.  I love not having a contract and the price I paid for this was a bonus.  WELL WORTH THE PRICE! It,s nice to be able to have the data without paying an arm and leg.

I can not send messages and I can not get any tech support to help me with this problem.

Great phone.... i brought 2 for my kids and they love them. We're with T-mobile and the only thing they had to do is put there old SIM card in there new phone and cut it on.

This phone has been worth every penny I spent on it. 0 problems works great nobody can believe how much I paid for it.Highly recrecomend

greag

Owned for about  2 months. Fast shipping. Comes with case, screen protector. Good looking phone, a bit heavier than the more expensive phones, but not a deal breaker for me. Camera works good, as well as for video. Only 4 GB ram, enough for me for the necessities, only about two GB is available for apps. I put a lot of my apps on sd card. It works as it should. The phone for calls works good, Clarity of calls , I would give it a 4 out of 5. Function of phone is very good. Nothing noteworthy that I am worried about with the phone. Blu Products backs phone for 1 year.  I am so happy to be able to purchase a decent cell phone without a contract, something I have been waiting for a while to be able to do! If Blu can keep up this quality of phone for their great prices I will keep buying.John J

If you want a great smartphone for a reasonable price, this is the phone for you.  I decided to purchase this phone after I lost my T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy SII (that I'm still paying for, by the way) and I refused to purchase another $400 to $600 phone that I would be paying for in installments over the next two years!  The camera quality is not the greatest but other than that, there are no complaints I can think of.  I've had this phone for almost a month now, I love the fact that it came with a case, screen cover, and headphones in addition to a charger; many just come with a charger.  This phone has exceeded my expectations and I expect to stick with the BLU line of phones next time I need one and I will be recommending it to family and friends.  I wish I heard of BLU phones earlier, who needs a $600 Samsung or iPhone when this product can do what they do at a much affordable price?

The phone works flawlessly and exceeded my expectations. I'm glad a took a chance and purchased this phone. It looks and operates much better than my husband's Samsung Galaxy SIII.

OK at first I was a little scared due to some of the reviews but I said what the heck I need a phone so I'm getting it lbs!! It came before time and I am in love!! Works great I have NOT had any problems at all. Everyone always asks to see my phone they can't believe it!! Plus I got a cool case to protect it I have dropped this phone over a million times and it still works no cracked screens or anything!! So if you are thinking about getting it plus hurry and do do! :)

I have used the Dash 5.0 for about a week. I am impressed by the performance and appearance so far. There is one issue though that has me contemplating return. Apparently Blu uses the 3.5 mm headphone jack construction/protocal that does not work well with aftermarket ear/headphones with mics. The earphones provided work fine but when I try 3 other earphones I own the sound is the same; very hollow and interpolated. Also the provided protective case buttons are not raised enough for effective control by touch. The power and volume buttons and located directly opposite each other compounding the case issue.

Never trust GPS, it often glitches, so if your thinking about using it first drive a little so it will calibrate your correct location !

The size of the the is a good size, but the camera sucks. Very poor quality. I wouldn't buy another Blue phone again.

I brought this phone for my son and with the exception of the picture quality.... he LOVES his new phone .

I got this phone quite recently, and although at first I was hesitant, I'm thrilled to say that this phone exceeded my expectations. It is a large and impressive looking phone its about the size of a galaxy note 2 but at a fraction of the cost. Sure, it is not perfect, the one annoying flaw I've encountered so far is that it closes candy crush on me but other than that its golden. It works just as well otherwise as my aunts galaxy s4. I love this phone also because of its beautiful vivid colors (mine is bright yellow) which makes it all the more special. The screen quality is nice and bright with crisp and clean colors, and it is very fast. BTW if your switching from a galaxy phone, keep in mind that at the top of the phone next to the signal bars, it won't say 4G instead it has an H+ which I'm guessing means 4G... No worries it is very fast just the same as a galaxy or the like.
