
The phone was fine.  Many features, best of all I liked the 4&#34; screen. All the functions for under one &#34;Ben Franklin&#34; bill made it a very value packed offer,  but Boost did not honor their promotion and there were no humans to help except for activation

The only two things I don't like is the phone is 3g only and and there is no expandable memory so 8gb is it? The phone is great though I don't notice a difference between the Samsung mega and the moto g's processing power and the mega was almost 4 times the price. I would suggest the moto g to someone that just need a phone or if its going to be their first android.

i just received this phone today. it is the perfect size and feels sturdy and not cheap like some phones. it is relatively fast in all aspects. one thing i did have a problem was activating it because i cancelled the hands free activation it does once you turn it on for the first time. So do NOT cancel it, just let it run its course (:

I love it !!!!  I ordered for next day delivery and got it a week later due to the extreme weather because obviously it came from no mans land, I was pissed but however the phone made up for the wait. I definitely should have been reimburse d for the shipping but I love the phone...its fast with new Kit Kat update... All in all the phone is great for the price...Love It !!!

I haven't had it too long yet, but so far I'm really liking it. Of course it was a real upgrade from the Samsung Transform Ultra. There was nothing wrong with the Ultra except that it was just outdated. The Moto G has the latest Android OS, KitKat 4.4, so it's much better all around. Anyway, no problems yet. I'll update if I encounter any in the near future.

I bought my first smartphone about 4 years ago. I'm not a rich guy and don't have hundreds of dollars to spend on a phone, but I was curious to see what all the fuss was about. Also - all my friends and co-workers had them and I was jealous and did not want to be left-out.or considered to be &#34;uncool&#34; for not being able to play Angry Birds when I was supposed to be working. Also - I did not like the idea of being in a contract, as noticed that the pay-as-you-go-cell phone plans were nearly always cheaper than the contract plans, anyway. So, my choice was clear: I had to get a smartphone, and I had to get one cheap. The problem was, most of the really cheap smartphones work like, well... like really cheap phones. The call quality was terrible. Processor speeds were very slow, making it nearly impossible to actually USE the phone for anything it was supposed to be able to do (I STILL couldn't play Angry Birds!!!), screen size and quality was mediocre at best.And don't EVEN get me started on battery life! Better be sure to always have a charger nearby, that's all I'm saying.That was my experience with budget smartphones UNTIL I got this Moto G for Boost Mobile. This phone is simply AMAZING for the price! The screen is clear and bright. The Gorilla glass resists cracks and scratches (though it does smudge easily from fingertips, but wipes off clean). The processor is quick and runs nearly any app I need without a hitch (YAY! Angry Birds finally!), it's thin and light and fits easily in my jeans pocket.And the battery life? AMAZING! I get a FULL 24 HOURS on a single charge! Crazy! My last phone was lucky to go more than 6 hours between charges, even if I barely used it! This Moto G gives me a full day of moderate use (I use this phone for work a lot, as well as for personal use, too) and STILL lasts 24 hours! I can't tell you how nice it is to only have to charge my phone once per day again!This is what budget smartphones should have been all along.

Amazing

Good phone, however I didn't notice at the time I ordered it that you can not add memory chip stuck at 10gb

I did a lot of research before purchasing this item. I watched several video reviews and tutorials on youtube (which I STRONGLY suggest doing). I've had this phone for about a month now and it's perfect for me. I am a user who is looking for value but also quality.I like to use social media on my phone, I like downloading a few apps/games. But I want a phone that will work and do what it is supposed to do without errors.To make it short and simple, even though this phone is 3g, with it's quad core processor, it's FAST! Downloads take no time. There is no lag on any apps, phone calls, or functions. It has the update for the new Android 4.4 KitKat, which is very nice. I love the Gorilla glass screen, it literally feels smooth and soft, smudges easily wipe off. The first thing I noticed right out of the box was the screen and how well it felt to touch,swipe, and hold. The phone itself is sleek, professional, and overall attractive looking.I've had no complaints with the cameras either. It does include a front and rear facing camera, the quality is good.Most importantly, and this is where the phone gets a lot of critique, is the memory. This phone does NOT take an SD card. It is an 8gb phone, out of the box you have 5.5gb of available space. BUT it does include the Google Drive app which allows you an additional 50gb of &#34;cloud space&#34; to save some things. I have download roughly 10 apps and have 4gb of space available. I try to be mindful that I only have 4gb of space, so I keep my apps and extras minimized. I also store my photos and music on Google Drive so I can maximize as much space as I can. I have had no issues with this whatsoever. Like I said, be mindful of what you need and don't need. If your the type to download dozens of apps and store hundreds of photos, this might be an issue for you.Overall, this phone is an excellent buy. The price can not be beat! What an amazing value. I'm very happy that I took the time to shop and do research before I made a new phone purchase, or else i would have paid twice as much for a phone that I may not have been as happy with.

Great Phone for the Price,feels like a high end phone but only a fraction of the price

This phone is probably the best phone I have ever owned.Its lightning fast and the battery last all day(I use my phone a lot). For the price this phone rocks.

This is a fantastic phone ..and it's On Sale at a home-shopping site for $55! Has KitKat/quad-core/front-rear cameras/large screen/etc! I paid $99 plus kick-stand case at $20 and it's still well worth it. I looked up Reviews on several &#34;techy.&#34; websites...and the Reviews are wonderful. I got the $40-month plan since I use my home WIFI a lot.My daughter has a Samsung Galaxy4 and this was her second choice...and she's a heavy user and much more savvy than I am! If it wasn't too late--I would have returned my Moto from BOOST store and ordered it from the shoptv website..but I would have lost my month pre-paid service and a %15 restocking fee...plus activation fee,,For the best BANG for your Buck--try this phone! Sharp clear Netflix..and on and on. Read Reviews from the tech.-type websites!

i wanted an upgrade and this the phone i chose way bigger than my phone. works great i don't have any cons for it works well don't freeze or go slow. and a great price at that also :)

This is actually my first Android phone purchase and I'm extremely satisfied with it. Not only is the phone pleasant to look at, but it's also quick and easy to use. I'm normally an Apple user, so I noticed the similarities between the KitKat OS and iOS 7. It feels very streamlined. My only complaint is the quality of sound when using the phone. The receiver isn't as loud as I had hoped for. The speaker on the back has excellent sound however. Now the service can vary. I don't have any problems with dropped calls or missed messages since I live in the New York City area. So if you're having signal problems, it's highly likely that it's where you live that's the cause of the problem. Other than that, I highly recommend this phone to anyone wishing to upgrade.

I've been using my new Moto G phone for about 1-2 weeks now, so far no issues!  It's fast, it responds nicely, sound quality is good.  The reason i didn't give it 5 stars is simply because there is no way to give it external memory, I really thrive on using micro SD cards to transfer work stuff all over the place, so for this phone to not have an SD slot does suck but I am still happy with the phone itself.One other small comment, the power button is on the side of the phone instead of the top, this can be a bit confusing to turn off/on just because most phones are on the top.  It also gets bumped more often on the side.

First of all i had this phone for 1 week is a very good looking phone but theirs 2 big problems well for me first the internal memory storage sucks is just 5.0 gbs to use 2 it doesnt have a memory card slot to put an sd card if you wanna play your music from your old phone you cant do that so that sucks you need to carry an ipod nano or another phone that do have slot to put an sd card i return this phone back to best buy and went back to my old phone Motorola killed this phone with not putting a slot to put an sd card if they did the phone would if been a great phone and put at least 8gbs of internal storage but no they reduce 3gbs to but garbage on the phone smh motorola

This is an awesome phone! Even though it is only 3G, it is still packed with all the great features of a smartphone that is @ least three times the cost! It upgrades out of the box to Androids latest KitKat platform!! I highly recommend this phone!

It works for phone calls and for light internet browsing. it cannot stream shows. it has a fixed storage capacity (8gb). i have to use my old zte warp to listen to music. i do not want to pay for cloud storage. it is one of the best basic phones out there.

so far everything's running smoothly. it doesn't take a 1000 years to load an app and doesn't crash once its opened. this phone is a dream come true in comparison to my old phone.

Excellent phone. Loving it. Head phone jack are designed for two ringed head phones without microphones. Three ringed ones (with microphones) will not fit correctly. Other than that everything is fantastic about this phone.

It's an amazing phone I've only had it 3 days but it's been really great so far. It's fast and has soooo much space on it. The screen is so smooth and nice feeling against my fingers. It's not to big and it's not to small. This phone is perfect!!!!!

I would rate this phone 4 stars and boost 3.  I think it is legitimate to discuss both the phone and the carrier in this review as the phone is specifically for the boost network.First the phone.  I love it. It's quick has a great screen, feels good in the hand, and looks good. My only real complaint is the lack of external storage capacity.  I know this is an inexpensive phone and to get to this price point with this hardware they had to cut costs somewhere, but still.  How much more could that have cost?  $5?  I would have gladly paid that.  But I did know that going in and the cost/benefit ratio of this phone is very very goodNow for Boost.  I was on boost a number of years ago.  Internet was spotty.  I figured it was the best I would be able to get on prepaid in my area so I suffered with it for a year or two.  I switched to Virgin because of phone options and the service was much better on virgin.  They are both on the sprint network so I assumed this was a function of the phone rather than the network.  The phone was an old optimus V.  I switched back to Boost to get this phone as it was not available on Virgin.  My internet drops more now with the moto g than it did with the ancient optimus V.  I used to be able to steam Rhapsody from home all the way to work, about a 30 minute drive, without it dropping a single time.  Now it drops numerous times.  I know that both Boost and Virgin are on sprint so I don't know why there would be a difference, but I have a hard time believing the moto go is inherantly more prone to dropping coverage than was the optimus V.Anyway, I was hoping to get a Google Nexus 5 in about 6 months and put it on Verizon but the optimus finally gave out.  This is a great stop gap phone for not much money until I can get the google this fall.

Love this phone buy it if on budget only negative is that you can't upgrade trough usb mirco only 8 gigs on phone

This is one Helluva fantastic piece of equipment.Processor is speedy. I can easily switch between apps, and there's no lag within apps. Google Sky Map, Intellicast, Gmail, all while having Pandora or NextRadio running the background.Half the reason why I wanted to upgrade to a smartphone was because I wanted to use Strava to track my rides. This device functions with Strava flawlessly. According to the app Polaris Navigation GPS, the phone GPS on my unit has a +/- accuracy of 30-35 feet. It also picks up both GPS and GLONASS satellites. As I'm writing this, checking the phone, I have 19 satellites being used for my location fix.Call reception and clarity are top-notch.Speedtest results are-Wifi- 13.34 Mbps download, 4.37 Mbps upload with 31ms Ping.Boost 3G Network- 2.54 Mbps download, 1.66 Mbps upload with 81ms Ping.I've heard a lot of people complain that the camera's kinda crappy. They're correct. The camera is kinda junky. The panorama mode works, and the HDR mode (which I leave on all the time) renders a fairly usable photograph. Luckily, I don't use my phone as a Professional camera, I have others for that purpose, so this suits me just fine. It takes pictures of acceptable quality to share on Facebook, but you probably won't win any awards with it. I have posted a few photos taken with the camera in the Product Image Gallery.The screen is very bright, with an incredible amount of detail. The touchscreen is very, very responsive.Bottom line? An incredibly capable phone. For $80 bucks, one simply can't do any better than this. Very accurate GPS, impressive bandwidth via wifi and 3G, Android 4.4.2 (to be upgraded soon), Google Now, Included 50GB of Google Drive for 2 years, and seamless switching between WiFi and 3G when using streaming apps such as Pandora.I also bought a Trident Aegis series case and Archshield Premium HD screen protectors, and both fit wonderfully.

I had a Galaxy S.  It couldn't hold hardly any apps and was constantly getting full and wouldn't receive messages.  It also wasn't a very good phone.  Way to basic.  I've never had a high end phone or an i-phone so I can't tell you how it compares.  I still loved having a smart phone, great upgrade to a standard flip phone.Bought this phone a few months ago and absolutely love it.  It's light.weight, sturdy, good size.  The screen is nice.  The touchscreen is very responsive.  The pre-loaded apps are good.  It's easy to customize the different screens.  Great to listen to music on, great as a phone, good to use as an e-reader (I still prefer by nook, kindle, and kindle fire for reading books).  I really haven't had any complaints.The battery life is very good.  It charges quickly and mine came with a great charger (I know some reviews specifically did not come with one, mine did).Camera could be better.  The camcorder is decent and the photos are fairly standard for cell phone photos.I really think it is a good value for the money.  I will likely be satisfied with this for a few years.

I love this new phone. Upgraded from a dead Samsung Galaxy Prevail. This screen is big but yet not too big.  It is taking me some time to understand the features, but I refuse to read instructions and prefer to learn as I go.  Found the link to the market, bought a weather app and a couple other things.  Absolutely loving the front facing plus back facing cameras.  Takes great pics!  Hope this one lasts me 3+ years also....

I love this phone, its fast, strong and helps me get this done alot faster then most phones that I have had in the past. The only fault is that there is no slot for a Micro SD, which limits me to somethings. I would recommend it to people because its cheap and a good buy for technology.

Right out of the box it looked sleek, screen picture and response is excellent . Yes the phone is only 720p but who cares at 4 1/2 &#34;?! The picture qaulity is pretty good and Youtube looks awesome on it. Sound is loud and good quality. Camera front and back are very good and internal 8gig of storage is always nice. The battery being non removable is kinda odd but we will see how long it lasts before I have to get a new one.All in all I find the Moto-G an awesome buy for the price and what's loaded in it. I forgot to mention it has a quad core processor and thank you for not installing the Moto Blur... blech :P

I purchased this phone before it was even relased from Qvc.com.  Fast phone and a quad core processer.  WOW the only thing I dont like is that it lacks 4G the 3G can be slow at times I live in Chicago.  I needed a new phone at the time and fast.

Got as gift for mom and she doesn't really care too much for the best in technology but I like getting her the best bang for her buck and that is what the Moto G is. The screen alone let's it feel like her phone is in the $250+ price range. The phone feels solid and as a nexus 5 owner, I recommend this to anyone on a tight budget.

A cell phone offering many of additional apps meets my needs in this complicated society and gives many relational choices.

I couldn't spend a lot of money on a new phone but I wanted a great smartphone for the money so I did a lot of researching before I bought one and decided to go with the Moto G. I'm glad I did! It's fast, has a good amount of room (even though you can't add memory). It takes very good photos, and it does everything I want it to, need it to and more.

Worst phone I ever purchased in my life have to call out 3 times before it connects first day I had it slipped out of my hand on a counter and shattered so clearly its not "gorilla glass" Motorola reps just said they can't do anything about it I filed a BBB report for false advertisement and got a discount for a new phone

Pros:+ Value, plain and simple. It's a quad-core for under $100 which outperforms the $150+ HTC Evo Design it replaced (in local operations) by at least a factor of two.+ Gorilla Glass.+ Seems to utilize both Wi-Fi and 3G quite responsively (again, the old one was pokey in comparison; on the go on my old phone, I had to turn on 4G to get the responsiveness this gives under 3G).+ It's quite easy to root (unlike the old one) if you have a moderate amount of technological expertise. Given the battery isn't removable, the battery savings possible via root apps pay dividends here.Cons:- Doesn't take memory cards&#8212;internal storage only. Not a problem for me as I don't plan to use it as a media player, but this could be a concern for some.- Battery is non-removable. This could be a concern if the phone lasts long enough without an upgrade. You might want to consider an external battery pack in case you need spare power in a pinch (I got this Anker one that's about the size of a lipstick).- It's 3G only&#8212;no 4G/LTE. As I don't do anything data-intensive when not using Wi-Fi (mainly just Facebook and Twitter), this isn't a problem. Those who absolutely must have high-speed mobile data should look elsewhere.Quirks:* I had a lot of trouble getting the sticker off on the front of the screen; I just couldn't get under it for some reason. If you have this problem, get a piece of Scotch tape and use it to pull the sticker off.

maybe is me,, but I hate that I couldn't transfer memory and is hard even to save a number , is cute but not for me ,,

I might be biased for Motorola as my dad worked there for years as an electrical engineer but we all know that Motorola was in the crap hole for quite awhile when all it's competitors left it in the dust during the cell phone years...until now. This moto G is great. It has a very long battery life even when using apps and texting. I broke my original one's screen and so just bought another one. Make sure you take care of your baby phone and buy a case and screen protectors.you will love this phone. so wonderful.

Works very good so far, very easy to tranfer everything over

This phone has been absolutely nothing but trouble since I got t. It doesn't have an SD slot to increase storage, it freezes all the time, refuses to make phone calls, takes over a minute to send texts with full bars, call quality is terrible no matter how many bars you have either. I would rather use my old samsung innuendo rather than this phone because of all of the trouble its causing me. I WOLD NEVER WISH THIS PHONE ON ANYONE.

So far I'm enjoying this phone! My only downside I can't seem to put ringtones on it.Other than that I would recommend this phone!

Bought it for $108+tax from Best Buy, not on Amazon.Pros:+Nice built and design.+Black color (My favorite color).+Nice screen resolution (720p) + 329 ppi.+Bad azz loud speaker (I used MAVEN Music Player Pro).+USB on-the-go for MORE storages. I recommend "Mini MicroSD Card Reader for Android" OR "Leef Access microSD Card Reader" and any 32GB+ MicroSD card.+Battery life.+Decent cameras back & front.+Specs.+Unlockable bootloader and rootable (The Boost Mobile Moto G model). You can flash this to "Page Plus" for more plans options (Google it).Cons:-Power and volumes buttons could have been better built.-Pretty weak ear speaker when listening from caller (I put on speaker when at home).I recommend these for the Moto G.TUDIA Ultra Slim Melody TPU Bumper Protective Casehttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00H2RXPDSamFilm Motorola Moto G Screen Protector Premium HD Clearhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00I3MFCIWThanks.

I ordered the phone tried to activate it online it would not go through, I called boost mobile tech support they walked me through a reset 3!!! times. then they tell me &#34;well we have already notified Motorola about the issues we have add activating the MOTO G BUT the only resolution we is for you to go back to the store you ordered it from and exchange it&#34; Amazon is sending me a replacement free of charge with 2 day shipping so i will give it 4 stars, plus i got to play with it for 2 days its a beautiful phone, great camera, lightening fast speed, if you ask me its almost too smart :-)

Ive had this phone a week now. This phone is great. Its so smooth running and does multiple pages. Love the gorilla glass. Looks really nice. Has lots of storage space. I use this phone a lot for internet and games battery is holding juice well so far. havent done a lot of picture taking with it but does good so far. Great price. Awesome phone.

Purchased a few days ago locally. I have been using a Boost Mobile Kyocera Hydro which is a great smartphone but is only single core. I wanted something zippier (faster) and the Moto G is quad core, much higher resolution, yet still slim. I like it. The only negatives I would give it would be I do not like that it has no SD memory card slot, although there is an internal SD memory which i think is emulated or whatever but in any event it acts like an internal SD memory card for data storage, backups, etc. Easy enough to hook up via USB cable to transfer data to and from the phone, or using fastboot tool on the PC one can root the phone for greater control over it. Another negative is this phone has no removable battery, so I guess if the phone ever jammed up you could not remove a battery to completely reset/unjam it. But for $99 you get a lot: quad core, hi resolution display, slim. I mean, $99, this is a quad core smartphone for the cost of about 8 pizzas so how much can a person expect? You want a phone with SD card slots and more, I guess go pay $299 or get an expensive 2 year contract phone with a non-Boost company. This phone feels like a $200+ phone so I am satisfied. White USB and charging AC outlet cord :( so I ordered ($8) a black charging AC outlet and USB cord with travel charger; why a white cable/charger is packaged with a dark/black phone is a mystery to me.

I believe you have to evaluate this phone from a value perspective, not a feature perspective. You also have to consider that this phone is not targeted toward the contract buyer (free phone with a $70 - $100 monthly bill). The target is the pay-as-you-go user that typically spends $30-$40 a month, and probably has to buy their own phone. This phone shouldn't be compared to an iPhone or Galaxy 4/5, but rather to a used 2 or 3  year old Droid/HTC etc. For me, this phone is an excellent value (although certainly not perfect).This phone uses the Boost/Sprint network technology (CDMA). It will also work on other CDMA-based networks but would require programming changes to be made. It will NOT work on ATT or T-Mobile networks (GSM). I'm a PagePlus user which uses the Verizon network (CDMA). Changes were required but were relatively easy for someone comfortable with computers.ProsCurrent technology, new phone for less than $100Quad-Core processor (very fast)1GB Internal System memorySupports Android 4.4.2 (KitKat)Front & Rear CamerasScreen, size, weight, battery life are all excellentConsNo SD card slot. If you have 1000's of songs or pictures, probably not your phone3G (this is not a 4G phone)Battery not removableCamera acceptable but not greatI summary, the older used phones I have been using could not support the newer Android versions (Jelly Bean, KitKat) so the new App pool was shrinking for me. I don't carry around 1000's of song/pictures so the lack of an SD card slot was not a big deal. The Moto G works on my carrier (PagePlus Verizon) and was roughly the price of an outdated used phone. So far, I'm very happy with the purchase. As always, Amazon did a great job getting it to me quickly.

Great price, great display, great body, great phone. Missing NFC connection but I've got an Lumia 1020, so... whatever. Love it!

This phone is 100 times better than the Samsung Galaxy SII that it replaced.  Combined with the OtterBox Commuter case this is the best phone I have ever owned.

I getting this phone soon but needing to know is this a brand-new phone or refurbished. Please let me know.

Nice phone, the best price at Amazon!

I love my Moto G I can do almost everything on it that I can do on a tablet. I just wish the screen was larger. I have downloaded flashlight app, it works excellent with my phone. My Moto G is compatible with all the apps that I have downloaded. By the way, it comes with tethering and hotspot capabilities, but it all depend on your service provider.Excellent phone for the price

I bought this phone a few days ago and so far so good!  It's very fast ,calls are very clear! I would recommend this phone to anyone!!

I didn't have a ton of money to spend on my new phone and one of my co-workers recommended the Moto G. I'm so glad he did! It's super easy to use and looks and acts like a phone I spent much more money on!

Great phone. Period.  It is worth much more than the price of admission.  I do wish we would of gotten the bigger hard drive but with Google storing all pics and music for me it is okay.

Strange, title? Probably. Strange, phone?  Definitely --especially, the Accessibilities. If you turn them on, be ready for this phone to behave as if it is possessed! And, if you do turn them on, you may not be able to get into Settings to undo, it! It took me nearly 2 hours to get into Settings and to the proper subheading. The apps NOT on the Desktop were only shown in a single page. any more apps, and you are out of luck unless they are already on the Desktop. It is possible to delete, apps, and use them, but the process is very nearly impossible, it is so dicey. This is important, enough, that I believe it belongs at the top.Now, for the rest:1. The screen is good, and the icons are clear.2. The usability is okay, but nothing special.3. Battery life --talk time isn't anywhere approaching the advertised number, but it is really, good! Screen-intensive apps don't burn the battery, all that fast.4. The phone, itself, is very nearly indestructible, given the excellent construction. I dropped it, several times, and held my breath, that it would still work. Not, a scratch.5. The speed dial still needs work, but is far exceeding the Prevail, Rush, Incognito, or any previous Boost phone I have had ...except for the BlackBerry model (of which I have had three --one, with a different carrier). Tap, & dial.6. The 'Back' button is on the wrong side, for me --all other phones had it on the right. This one, is on the left. Sheesh.7. All Contacts is a little difficult to use, via phone. Best, to use the People Icon. Much, faster.8. Voice to text is very nearly error-free, but when it does mess up, it gives one alternatives, if the word is tapped. Very many times, the choices have been correct.9. Backup of data seems to work better than the phone indicates. I have received errors on the backup --only to find that the items were, indeed, backed up. I'll take it, and run like a thief.10. Email is a bit troublesome. I have had trouble with receiving some of my contacts' emails in the Inbox. One, I had to relegate to Social, or it wouldn't appear at all. Previous phones, put that same contact in the Inbox without question.The Accessibility option, kept this phone from getting stars. I couldn't give it, 3.5 stars, unfortunately.I hope,  all of this helps.

I can't believe how treat this phone is.  I have had it one month and for the price it is awesome!  Great picture & sound quality.  Easy access to emails and easy to operate.

I absolutely love this phone.  I don't need a lot of bells and whistles, just a basic smartphone that functions well.  I've never used the Boost service.  After I received this phone I flashed it with the Verizon ROM and I use this phone with Page Plus Cellular.

I have been looking to replace my old Droid 2 for quite some time now. (I got it when it was released) I have had my eye on phones capable of being flashed to PagePlus. And this was the ticket! It is a very great priced capable phone! I worked with GPz1100 at KittyForums.net and he did a great job getting this working on PagePlus! I am a very happy camper! The phone is by far perfect for what it is expected from it!

I love it!! It handles all hard games I've put on it with no lag, speakers are loud, both cameras rather impressed me even though the mp are low but I swear they actually look way better than you'd think lol

This phone is EXCELLENT! I really wish I'd bought it a while ago. I was switching from the kyocera hydro and fed up to death with the freezing, the glitches and the battery problems. I did some research to find a relatively inexpensive boost mobile phone that wasn't too old and had pretty good reviews. It's not 4G BUT the screen is amazingly large! I've only had it for about a week but so far it's the best investment ever! I'd recommend buying a phone cover because the phone itself is quite slippery when it's in your hands!UPDATE 5/12/14: I am about to contact the seller because I noticed last night that there is a vertical black line across the entire screen that won't go away. I haven't dropped the phone and it's been in its case the entire time. I tried looking on forums for ways to get rid of the line and even a factory reset. It's still there! After only having the phone a couple of months I'm very disappointed! I don't even know how much it will cost me to get the display replaced. I'm hoping the seller can help me with this problem.

I was very happy with this phone until it stopped charging via microUSB. No removable battery. This is a brand new phone. I have not dropped it. Why does every idiot phone maker think non-Apple customers prize slim form factor over resilience?If microUSB is crap, and I'm suspecting that's it as last phone had similar issues... why don't you morons allow me to charge the batteries externally?So F***ing unhappy!

As with other reviews posted here, the Moto G is a good phone to own at a very reasonable (affordable) price.  I especially love that it updated automatically to the Kitkat 4.4.2 OS after purchase.  One disappointment is that although it sports a 4.5 screen, the actual visual display is really 4.1, since the home keys are incorporated into part of the viewing space.  Too bad Motorola didn't separate the home keys outside of the viewing space, so that we'd actually have the full 4.5 as advertised.  And although it does have the Gorilla glass, I installed a screen saver on mine, just to keep it nice.  Another let-down was not having an SD card slot to expand the memory space.  But not having an SD card slot isn't that much of a bother to me, since I don't install much apps onto my phones.For me, it does play YouTube videos quite well.  The camera takes nice pictures also, but am a little disappointed that I can't seem to adjust the pic resolution for MMS purposes (640x480) and Facebook.  I also installed a volume locker onto my Moto G, since I've noticed lately, that when opening some apps on my phone, the volume settings gets altered quite often.  So the volume locker app ensures that I maintain maximum volume output, since I do work in a noisy environment.The stock text message app is okay, as it is just a simple, easy to use text app without much bells and whistles.  For me, I use another keyboard app from Google Play (TouchPal X), since I didn't fancy the stock keyboard at all.  I love the keyboard app that I'm using now because to me, it seems to be more friendlier and easier to use for us &#34;Lefties!&#34;Yes... I could've spent a couple hundred dollars more for a phone with a much bigger display, the only problem of having a bigger phone is being a little annoyed of feeling such a large mass moving about in my pants pocket.  Another disappointment with such phones, is that most of them seem to still be running Android 4.1, although am not sure if the OS would update after purchase.The price of this phone coupled with such a great service provider, and with just enough firepower under its hood to keep things running up to specs... it's a worthy investment.

I love this phone.... Fast, easy to use, and great coverage. Best phone for less pennies. If you got boost, I highly recommend it.

I simply love this phone. The photos it takes are awesome. Recommend it to anyone. Best Boost Mobile phone I have ever had.

This phone is exactly what we needed. It is more advanced that the one that we had, it has the latest android system and great performance... The best part of it... NO CONTRACT and low monthly price of $40 dollars with everything unlimited with no little letters... Beat that other companies!Thank you Boost Mobile!

MY SON LOVES IT!

my only problem with this phone its the phone froze on me and i could not take the battery out to restart it, because there is no option to take the battery out, i tried the hard reset it did not work, i had to wait 2 days until the battery completely dead and i recharged it then it went well , it happenned twice by the way, the second time i waited 3 days

Very good on MotoG.  Probably don't need it as the phone has great scratch resistance.  Will buy again when\if needed.

For someone who lives in a LTE forgotten zone I see no resin to pay for one of the 4g phones. This one is by far one of the best 3g offerings. Very fast, at least on WiFy, and great battery life. If you are stuck with Boost and don't live in a big city this is all the phone you need..

Lost my job and the phone that came with it which was the galaxy s3. I needed a phone that was good and cheap since I didn't want to pork over $$$ for the latest and greatest and who wants to be stuck with a contract???After doing some research, I bought the moto g for $80 bucks. Now coming from the S3 which was feature laden was giving me some heartburn about stepping down. Well it turns out the Moto G is a pretty decent phone--especially for a 3G. Battery life is phenomenal. I use it all day and maybe get to 50%. The toggle of wifi when wifi is available is great as I don't have to worry about turning the wifi on or off manually and saves on battery. The display is awesome. I keep the brightness at about a 1/4 level and it is bright enough, even on a bright day outside.Did I also mention that the software is updated to KIT KAT 4.2!! One of the first to get an update!!.Go Motorola...Calls with boost are pretty good.Now some of the things I don't like. The stock SMS text and Hangouts app are not the best text apps. I prefer the Samsung text. Maybe some can put me to an app that can improve on that.Keyboard is ok. Prefer Swype but that is a personal preference.No SD card slot. While I am able to manage the memory-thanks to the kit kat upgrade it would be nice to not have to worry about the memory limits.Overall, I would recommend this phone. I am hoping that once I get employed, My new employer will provide a phone that I don't have to pay for. In the meantime, this phone is terrific for the price and suits my needs.

Great phone for the price!! I bought this phone as a gift for my dad's birthday and he loved it! It's fast, has good battery life and the picture quality is amazing! Don't pass up a great buy!

This phone is an amazing deal and sold me for the switch from Virgin Mobile to Boost. Highly recommended any day!

One the best phones out right for someone with a budget, all the features are incredible love this phone and works great with boost Mobile

I agree with everyone when I say that this is a great phone. I am not going to repeat what has already been said. This is more of a warning notice instead.I have no complaints about the phone itself, except that i wish i had known that Boost Mobile disables the HotSpot feature. So please be careful, if you do plan on using the phone as a HotSpot for any reason, then you will need to go through a different company than Boost Mobile.When you go to WiFi options and enable the HotSpot, it will immediately disable it, followed by a message that says that Boost has disabled the use of this feature. I have even tried using other known proven apps that bypass this feature, and it still disables it.I find this to be just wrong and unfair for them to do this because they are essentially taking away a feature that many people use, just so that they don't have to worry about people taking advantage of its unlimited data feature, even tho it isn't truly unlimited anyway. It varies either way depending on which card you buy each month.So before purchasing it, check with the provider to ensure that you do not run into this problem .I give this 1 star due to this. Not because of the phone, but because of its provider.

I've had it for just over a month now and the 8 g has not been an issue was told it was 16 when I bought it its been easy to use no problems with the Phone some issues with boost mobiles service Defiantly recommend the Moto G as a best Buy @ $99.00

phone is very good...excellent for what i do every day use . but i did NOT reciebe the cover that i pay for !!!!!!!!!!!!

I think it would be easier to tell you what i don't like thin what i do like........It's just nothing is coming to mind right now....Then to find out it's water resistant too ...wow. I haven't had a Motorola in 12 years. Happy I went back.

If you do your homework you will see the specifications on this phone blow away any phone in it's price range.If you want to take a step up and have 4g lte, for $100 more, you could go with an LG Optimus f7. For $200, that is the best phone at that price range by far.But this phone rivals that phone in most regards except video camera definition (720 vs. 1080) and the LG offers an SD slot for added phone memory. I do think the MOTO G has a better picture display than the f7. But it is very close. Plus I like the MOTO G's quad core 1200 processor over the LG's 1500 dual core. But the difference, again, is negligible.Personally, after doing extensive research, comparing phones and using this phone, I could never justify $500+ for a galaxy 4 or Iphone 5s when I could have this phone for $100. Don't get me wrong, those phones are AMAZING phones, but the value isn't there like it is with the MOTO G.With that being said, I do not need 4g and I do not need added memory space with an sd slot as I use my IPOD for all of my music.But the 8 gigs of space on this phone is quite a bit anyway. So unless you need more space than that, this is the perfect phone.The picture is absolutely amazing. And the phone runs very very smooth.Plus the battery on this phone, which rates  2070 mah, is impressive, and since the phone is good at not sucking energy, it out performs that number and evens rates higher in talk time than the f7's 2540 mah battery.Finally, the screen is a perfect size at 4.5 inches and the reception is amazing.Quite frankly, I am a bit confused why a phone that performs this well is selling for only $100.Easily the most value in a phone you can purchase.

This phone does so good for the price the camera is really good and its a good phone all the way around.

cheap price and high resolution screen, updates come rather quickly to fix the bugs on the phone its runs kitkat 4.4 very responsive touch and fast, HQ youtube videos and motorola migrate so all your data, contacts, and more and transfer over from your old phone. Battery last for days, less charging more using. Screen can take a beating and not break and its semi water resistance and moisture resistance. Overall good phone just wish boost mobile had better reception where I'm at and its only available in 3G.

It makes not sense to spend a bunch of money in those expensive smart phones. I love this phone. I had an HTC Evo and this phone by far out performed it. Great sound, screen and sound, lighting fast. The battery last a whole day.

Awesome phone for the price. Very good battery life. Extremely pleased. 15 is too many words I have to type

Wish it had beats audio but all around a great phone to have

Best smart phone ever

I've had this phone for over a week now and I love it! If you have read previous reviews, I would like to confirm that this phone does not have an external SD slot, but comes with 2 years free of Google Drive (cloud storage) and is NOT 4g - it only uses 3g. Also, the back of this phone IS removable.All in all, the 3g service works like a charm because of it's processing power and is much faster/smoother than my old 4g Samsung Galaxy S2. The KitKat operating system runs beautifully. I'd definitely recommend :)!!

Wonderful phone for the price. So far no problems at all

I liked that everything was brand new, slick design. The features are easy to use, and the screen is so large

FAST AND RELIABLE I LOVE IT. THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS. I WON`T TRADE WITH ANOTHER ONE. TWO THUMBS UP.

Since I take a lot of photos, and the stock camera takes them in 5 mp, I've already used up all the internal memory. I cannot find a feature to sync them automatically to google drive (you receive 2 years of storage free) so it's a hassle. Quick phone that jumps from process to process without a problem, I'm only encountering a problem now that my 8 gb of storage are almost full.

Super tedious to set up, figure out/click with, navigate and highly sensitive touch screen which made my head spin. Thrilled I kept my Blackberry (which I promptly RE-activated after deactivating it for this lol) Most def. prefer a Qwerty keyboard than touch screen. Yes, BB has a much smaller screen, but 100x better/smoother, offers expandable memory (which the Moto G doesn't) and way less 'excess' than the Moto G.

It took about 5 mins of use to see why it was 60 bucks. There is a very small crack at the very bottom of the screen, but don't get me wrong you get what you pay for and for 60 bucks well worth it. Screen is not distorted in any way. The only reason I saw it was because I tipped it side ways to text.. I'm bad with phones lucky to get 6 months out of a phone. Had my galaxy s3 for 6 months then spilled something on it. Game over. So for 60 bucks will buy another 1. As far as shipping got pretty fast no complaints actually came 3 days early. If you are hard on phones don't need a lot you will like it.

ok sorry for my misspelling,grammer,and punctuation but I just wanna get this out of my system and get to the point. I kept going back and forth about getting this phone because 1) Im coming from a galaxy s line 2) I doubted it because of the price 3) the unexpandable storage was iffy for me 4) lack of 4g, so here's the story- my Galaxy 4 started acting up that it went bad so I went t my carrier for a replacement but later found out the galaxy S5 is coming so I would get the moto G temprorarly for the time being until the GS5 gets released but then after using this phone I just fell inlove its like stock android..motorola didnt throw too much tricks and gimmicks on it (a reason my galaxy acts retarded) the 3g feels faster than 3g more like 3.7g if u get me haha I realized the storage is good since boost didnt put too much bloatware on it and I realize i just had too many stuff and apps i wasnt using anyway just my typical social medias and music downloads..the phone is nice and loud , chats are clear, texts fine, very simple and very sleek built i love ;love love it..seems motorola keeps up with google updates

This phone is perfect, just the right size very clear and fast. I think I will keep this one for awhile.

I think the processor in this phone might be faster than my laptop. It is very responsive and everything loads so fast. I recommend it

Just received this phone this weekend. Granted the phone I had previously was terrible. Compared to a new Nexus that my friend just purchased. This phone was a 1/5 the price. $99 and this phone competes with all the great smart phones. I can't imagine spending more money on a different phone when this phone exists! Absolutely love this phone. Stop looking for phones, this one will solve all of your problems.

will be buying another for son will make it #3 really like the moto G bought one at the store first see if liked and it is the best phone i have ever had like better than the I phone 4 S

Great: Battery life is amazing, it's fast, is viewable in direct sunlight. Google did a great job on providing a clean, bug free Android build for this device.Lame: However, 8GB it's ridiculously small for storage space. My actual usable storage space was about 6GB. Considering that I can buy flash memory in capacities of 64GB and 128GB for near $30~$40, being rationed out 6GBs is unreasonable. At the least there could have been a sdcard slot.

Not since the first time I held the iPhone 3gs have I been so impressed with what I was holding. The build quality is impressive and luxurious, silky to the touch, hard and smooth Gorilla Glass 3, the edges are tapered in and make holding it feel great. The back has an amazing soft touch rubber feel with a stylish high quality look and the M dimple feels great when your finger presses into it. Loaded with the newest Android version, Google Now personal assistant and promised to bring any new update first, it lives in the near stock android world. One last note about build quality... It is waterproof! As demonstrated on a YouTube video, it can be submerged for 30 minutes and will still work perfectly... This alone is amazing and really shows you the incredible quality put into this device. I love it. Off contract, NOTHING out there comes close. The build quality alone ranks up there with the top phones... But the Moto G is 1/5 the price. Trust me, you will love it.

Its not for everyone but at the price for 100  and just with the kit kat  update it will do the task for my needs. Finally a phone that's just right. Great back up  or everyday user.

Great value smart phone! On par with the Moto X but only 1/6th the price!Good camera/picture quality.Easy to use android system.Good battery life.Even though there is not external SD slot, Boost has left some good operating space.  You don't have to worry about this device coming too loaded down with carrier apps.  Out of the box I had ~5 GB of space to work with.My only issue is it doesn't come with a wall charger BUT it charges quickly/easily from my computer.You can't afford to pass this phone up!

I bought this for my wife. She likes it very much.

Fast shipping. My phone arrived a day ahead of schedule. I love this phone. I haven't noticed any lagging. It breezes throught the screens, Moto Assistance is a plus. The pictures have great quality. Now I am awaiting the case I ordered for it to come and I will be all set. I will be shopping with Amazon again really soon.

When I began shopping for a new phone, I had my doubts.  I didn't want to spend a lot of money.  I wanted one that could handle my multi-tasking.  Most importantly I wanted one that would not cause my apps to crash on a consistent basis.  The Moto G satisfies everyone of those desires.  It's fast.  It's inexpensive as far as good smartphones go.  And I have not had an app crash.  The Moto G is very solid with the Gorilla glass, and it has an incredible display.  Looking for a good smartphone on a tight budget?  The Moto G is your best choice.

I just got this phone to replace my 2 year old HTC 4 G Evo Design.  I bought it based on the reviews I read and despite that it is only 3 G.  For $99.00, I thought let's buy it and will see.  Got it this week and I am so happy with it.  THIS IS THE BEST PHONE I EVER HAD.  It blows always my previous SAMSUNG GALAXY 2 and HTC 4G EVO DESIGN.  The design, the interface, the speed are amazing.  I like also how intuitive is the menu and how Motorola had customize it.  It also had a FM radio that is working so well.  And the 3G on this phone is faster that my 4 G on my HTC.  Doesn't make sense to me, but I can listen Internet music while driving and it never get cut off. When my older phone was on either 3 G or 4G, I always had time with no reception.  The battery is very good.  Just try the camera and its quality is fine.  It is 5MP and it is not as good as an iPhone or new Samsung, but iPhone or Galaxy S5  is 5 time the price of this phone.  I also forgot to mention that the sound quality is excellent. The calls are very clear.To sum up:I love:DESIGNINTERFACESOUND QUALITYSPEEDMOTOROLA BRANDBATTERY LIFEPRICEDon't have any "no like so much" so far.Buy Moto G, you will love it!

Pros:works on Ting!very responsivelong battery lifehands down the best bang for the buckMinor Gripes:4.5&#34; screen (I have big hands)can't swap battery (I like to have a spare)

first off if you think you are getting a true 4.5 inch screen, you are not. almost 1/2 inch of the phones screen are the the soft home keys etc.Every other phone I had did not include the home keys in its measurement as part of the screen where this one does.The only time I get a true 4.5 inch screen is watching some videos that will fill the whole screen but not all videos do this.For normal web viewing, texting, and basically any other app I use its a 4 inch screen.That said, the screen is beautiful. Very vivid, good detail, easy to see in daylight and very responsive.The phone itself is fast for 3g, much faster than the 3G LG I went from with Virgin Mobile, who uses the same sprint network.I bought two of these phones and neither came with Kit Kat. One was upgraded to kit kat by me and left the other one with Jelly Bean. They seem and appear almost identical except for the phone dialer (like jelly bean better) and some more controls in the settings but I am no expert on the differences between the two..Most of the upgrades for kit kat will not benefit me based on what I read..Warning, if you do upgrade to kit kat, you can not go back, not very easily at least if you can even do it at all..phone has nice logical buttons with a good tactile feel and feels solid. Great battery life, better than any phone I ever had. used it for a whole day and still going strong.. several days of  no use and more than half battery left. Very slim and feels good in the hand. The phone sound quality is very good, loud, clear and no distortion. the external speakers are about average for its class.had some problems getting one of the phones working but boost cust service was very nice and helpful and eventually got me to a tech specialist who fixed the problem.I love this phone despite it not always having a true 4.5 inch screen which was the main reason I bought it and why I dismissed any other phone with a 4 inch screen when shopping around.. I still would have gone with this one due to the great battery.

Great phone, hasn't failed me once. Usually get 3 days on a single charge.  Love it and always recommend it to people.
