
The phone is great, have not activated yet, my complaints are you have to buy a data plan for 45 bucks or you cannot use the phone. I have a Verizon prepaid not a smart phone that use a 15 dollar prepaid Verizon card that I use. I don't need all the fancy apps, all I need is to be able to call and receive calls, plus email if included. plus no Sim card slot, plus you are lock to Verizon only. I should have done more research before ordering.

The only bad thing is...  NO SIM CARD HOLDER and DOESNT WORK WITH STRAIGHT TALK!

My thirty days are up and I am sending it back.  Sadly so.  Incredible android performance at this price point.  No freezing, glitches, slowdowns or problems of any kind.  Day and a half battery life with modest use.  This is a very solid device that is fun to use.  I am not going to nit pick it to death since that would not be fair.  If you buy one you get A-LOT for your $100.00.My only real issue is the voice quality of my sample.  My ten dollar Samsung Gusto prepaid flip phone blows the Moto G away in voice quality.  Words have a slight buzz on them at the earpiece and a very slight buzz attached to them going out from the mouth mic pickup.  I like it enough that I may explore some blue tooth options  to see if it is possible to get around the call quality issue.  I may also try another one just to make sure it was not my sample.Call quality can fluctuate quite a bit throughout the day on the Verizon network in my area.  The time of day, my device, the tower, other peoples devices and carrier, it all adds up to a lot of potential variables.  When the stars line up and everything is perfect, the call quality of this device is just barely good with most of my calls falling into the mediocre to poor range.  Other callers say that I sound OK, but on my end I have to keep asking people to repeat themselves.  It can become really frustrating and makes talking and driving more dangerous than it already is.  I will not answer this phone while driving.Any android device I use must excel at being a phone first.  This one does not. All of my comments about voice quality are specific to my sample of the Verizon Moto G prepaid device on the Verizon 3G prepaid network.  In general there seems to be an overall decline in the voice quality of the Verizon network.  Even in Consumer Reports magazine I see their phones are not scoring like they used to for voice quality. I don't know if it's a network issue or the way they spec out their devices.  In the 90's to mid 2000's I could always count on Verizon devices for top notch voice quality.  Today it's getting harder and harder to find one of their phones that sounds really good.  I hope they can find a way to reverse this trend since it's one of the fundamentals they built their business on.If voice and photo quality are not important to you and you don't mind the limited storage capacity then it's highly recommended.  The Moto G is a very pleasurable android experience.UPDATE:  6-4-14.  Bought another one just to make sure it was not an issue with the first sample. Call quality on my end is still OK to poor. Calls are not usually very clear but they are usually understandable.  The Moto G is an absolute delight to use as long as I don't need to make any phone calls with it.  My only other issues has been that the screen is hard to see in bright daylight.  In direct sun it is totally unusable.

This phone is great for the price. The screen is high quality. The call quality is excellent. I am very glad that I chose this phone. The only complaint that I have is having to use the on screen keyboard to text. I know it would be even more difficult on a smaller screen but sometimes it's very frustrating. That being said, this phone is excellent overall.

I like all the features and speed of the phone only wish it have a memory card other than that I love this phone----

Not so good. Bought 2 of this, one for me and for my wife. Mine  last for one week and has to return it, it freezes and will not response . The other still holding well. Wonder when it will quit on me.

Phone erases contact by its self freezes up but over all its OK loud to play music force closes a lot of apps

Very nice phone for the price, updated regularly and the camera is pretty good as well. Can't go wrong!

I really like the moto g. I switched from tmobile to reduce my bill and I'm very impressed. It's running android 4.4.2 and runs on verizon 3g, which on July 17th they're switching the prepaid smartphones to 4g. I only gave 4 stars cause of the screen size. I'm use to 5 inch screens.

this phone is just as good as any of te contractt only phones, great price, great quality. all around great phone

No more contracts for us! My wife really likes this phone and the contract thing is in the past. Depends on your needs and where you travel but this Verizon phone and plan works great for us.

Exceptionally good Android device.  I tether mine and use it for playing Ingress. Battery life and screen clarity are both excellent, plus the GPS is more accurate and reliable than my Nexus5.

This was a great purchase for first time android user from a flip phone he loves it screen is huge camera is great can't say a bad thing at all. Fast shipping brand new packaging it's great

I switched from the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini to this guy. It's pretty awesome. Many ringtones and awesome wallpapers come installed on the phone. Loving it. The display is very clear and the touch screen is very nice and accurate.

The phone just shut down on me in yesterday July 2014 and will not restart when I just purchased the phone in February 2014.

nice phone! got this phone and just like it alot! wokes very ncie with apps and all i put on this phone.

Battery percentage not displayed, phone is not 4g and LTE,have static noise issue when talking on phone,no camera button on the sides of the phone,never did download software update when connected on wifi,hardly connects to WiFi when in near range,no SD card slot,and CANNOT MAKE CALLS WHEN I AM AT EWA BEACH AND KAPOLEI ,HONOLULU HI

Are you kidding me?  If you're on the fence about this phone, get off.  This is a great phone, with tons of features, and lots of good-quality, inexpensive cases available online. I love the dual cameras, and the screen is surprisingly large for a $99 phone (which is how much I paid. Bought one for my wife, too.)  I am new to Android, so there was a bit of a learning curve.  But that's not so much the phone as it is the OS.  Best part ... I paired this with the $45 all-inclusive auto prepay plan at Verizon.  I get unlimited phone and text, and because I auto-pay, they double the data from 500mb to 1gb each month.  Because I do so much of my data over WiFi, I haven't come close to surpassing the 1gb in the three months that I've had the phone. One other thing to think about is tax. As a pre-pay plan, it's very low.  Never any BS charges, so I never pay more than $48 and change.  Lastly ... this replaced my crappy ATT service, so I get much better service as a result of the deal, too.  Overall, a major upgrade for less $$.  Hence the 5 stars.

This phone is really nice works great for the price my only problem is the volume buttons are in a awkward place witch took a little getting used to and the front facing camera has slight a lack of color

I sold a phone I can not use in Italy since it is not supported in Italy, should not sell this item outside of the United States

It has not messed up on me yet. The battery can't be removed but it hasn't given me a reason to remove it. I've had this phone for a few months and it works just like i got it yesterday. Their is no SD card slot so i have to manually Bluetooth my music from my old phone. The sound quality is amazing if you're getting this phone for music only. The bass doesn't overpower the singer or the treble. It is bass-boosted but unlike the Galaxy, It is just as clear as if you were listening from a Beats phone. I would recommend this phone to anybody.

This was a great buy !

The phone is fine but it will not work for the pay per minute plan.  It states it is not a contract phone, but doesn't specifically say it's only for the pay per month plan.

Its great. I love it.

FINALLY -  a pre paid phone that actually works. Sound is perfect - duplex works as good if not better than others. Fast processor - no lag. Very sensitive to touch - good battery life - EVERYONE likes the sound quality on the other end of the line. Highly recommended

Fast and fluent. Love the phone. Saving up for the 16gb version. Its nice I like the cameras and its very sharp.&#9786;&#128512;

Awesome

Hello,It was a great phone, the price was right. Except it just was not the style my daughter wanted. That's the only reason it was returned.

I really like my new phone. It came faster than they said. And it is every thing they promised it would be. If you are looking for a prepaid smart phone, look no more. It is great.

I received it yesterday, thank you.

This phone go beyond my expedition. I would recommend this phone to my phone. Plenty of storage. Holds battery. Able to download all the apps I couldn't with my other phone

My 4yr old Motorola Droid X was starting to get some dead pixels in the display and i wanted a cheap phone that was nice, affordable, and quality. This phone has all of that, yes it only has 8gb of storage, but if you just use the memory for apps and photos, you'll be fine. I just keep my mp3s (Amazon Mp3) saved on the cloud. It was pretty easy to use this phone with my existing Verizon plan... just &#34;google&#34; Moto G on contract and you'll find a load of videos on how to do it. Buy this phone.. you won't regret it. You're basically buying an unlocked CDMA phone right here. $91Also, I ordered the otterbox case for it for $27, it'll keep you from worrying about drops!

$100 is an absolute STEAL for this phone. My primary phone is a Galaxy Note 3. I use this device as a wifi only pseudo IPOD. A thief stole my iPod ($300) from my job. So I purchased this device, DID NOT activate it and use it solely as an iPod replacement. I regularly play Pandora, use Skype for occasional calling and placed multiple music playlists on the device. There are nearly 6 GB of free space on this device out of the box. The device is constructed very well, call quality is excellent, and for $100 I have no complaints. Again, this device is a steal. If I were on a budget, this would be my device of choice. CNET rates this device as THE BEST BUDGET SMARTPHONE. I wholeheartedly agree. BUY ONE !!!

When I first got this phone I spent, no joke!, THREE HOURS trying to get it set up with boost mobile. Turned out that I had to return it for a new one that could be activated... But the phone itself is awesome! I've had smart phones that cost more and had a terrible cheap feel and didn't work for s***. This one feels very nice! Works great! Sounds great! Has great features and is easy to use. I was skeptical because of the price and usually you get what you pay for... But not here. Highly recommend.

Love this phone!! Great for the price !! I'm so glad I got it ! I recommend this phone for any one who can't afford to pay 2 or 300$ bucks. It works just like a Galaxy or iPhone ! I am able to download a lot more apps than a reg pre paid like straightalk.

this phone is the.best one I had yet I do consider other people to buy this phone. it has a lot of features for me to learn

When this amazing quad core phone arrived at my door for only 99 bucks, I was amazed. Preformance was absolotly faster than My galaxy s1 (Samsung Fascinate) Awesome Phone. (PS. Page Plus compadible)

Had a very bad experience with this place.  Left negative feedback because of it.  Received an emailing asking me if i would take it would remove the comment.  I was very offended I was asked to do that.  Apparently, they wish to have a good positive rate instead of actually helping their customers.

Value and tech wise this phone is currently hands down the best smartphone available for the prepaid / no-contract market.Recently updated with the newest Android OS (KitKat) and a quad-core processor it is blazingly fast and smooth to operate. HD screen is vibrant and slick. The size and form factor is perfect for me in that it is neither too small nor stupidly huge.Some very minor negatives:No MicroSD memory expansion (but phone comes with 50GB Google Drive space)1GB RAM (phone can get a little laggy if you open up a bunch of apps and leave them running in the background. Solution - close apps you are not currently using)For some reason the phone back cover feels a little slippery. This can be solved by getting an inexpensive aftermarket phone case (worth while to protect your investment anyway)Not a true negative of the phone itself but just an FYI - Verizon keeps its no-contract phones restricted to 3G. But honestly not a issue for me as their 3G service in my area is good and fast.BOTTOM LINE: At $100, loaded with current tech and features, the Moto G is an excellent value for a no-contract plan.

Awesome phone works great love the way u can customize it to look the way up want it to look

it is a great phone love everything about it so far. my favorite thing is the screen and the front and back camera.

using this as an emergency back-up phone on Verizon. Nice unit for the price. Small powerful and fast processor for 3G phone.

I wanted a phone that would work with wifi and this phone met all my expectations and then some. It never loses connection to my home wifi!

My last 2 phones before this were an iPhone 4, and a Galaxy S3. My first major annoyance with this phone was the lack of a physical home button, unlike the iPhone and GS3. After 2 weeks  now with the Moto G I've gotten used to that, but it is still a bit annoying that the digital buttons are part of the actual screen. Again, that's not a deal breaker, just kind of weird that it was designed that way, rather than using the extra space below the screen for the buttons.Overall, for 100 bucks, this is a spectacular phone. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it is not an 8GB phone, as advertised. The phone comes with a total capacity of 5.52 GB, and about 4.5 available GB after the Kit Kat update.Again, for 100 bucks, I am shocked at how great of a phone this is. Its not AS good as an iPhone or a Galaxy phone, but it is actually conparable, for a fraction of the price. If you plan to use your phone to store tons of music and apps, this phone may not be for you (4.5 GB with no SD slot is hardly any space). If your not in need of very much memory on your phone, this is a fantastic phone for an excellent price.

The battery life is good! It's fast, reliable, cool features, and the perfect size to fit in the palm of my hand! Oh and it's lightweight! Doesn't feel like I have a paperweight in my pocket!

I absolutely LOVE this phone! You can download music, it has google play with tons of free apps, lots of storage space, BIG screen, it does screen shots, and its the perfect size!

exactly what I needed - screen big enough to see and sound loud enough to hear.

I had considerable trouble porting my existing phone number.  After many attempts with Verizon, I finally got lucky and found a lady who knew how to help me keep the number I needed.  It was also not &#34;easy&#34; to transfer my numerous contacts information from one phone to the other.

i didn't like that the fact that I droped the phone two feet and it is junk!  I have to pay the same amout to get it fixed one

I bought this locally, to tide me over while I shop for a replacement for my Droid 2G.  Since the radio section on the D2G is shot, I can't compare signal strength in dBm, but I am seeing 2 bars on the Moto G in places where I know I was seeing 4 or 5 bars on the D2G.  I'm getting coverage in the places where I want it, though.  The thing that bothers me most is the power button.  It is on the side, and it is NOT recessed.  I carry the phone in the same horizontal holster I've used for the D2G for years.  Every time I lean forward, the flap on the holster deforms just enough to press the power button.  This results in a reboot of the phone.  It happens several times a day.  I've ordered a couple of cases, each with rectangular cutouts for the buttons, to see if that eliminates the problem.  I'll update this review to report if any of the cases help with that problem.I'm happy with the quality of the pictures from the back-facing camera, which I use for shots of outdoor projects.  Voice quality is good.  All in all, I'd recommend checking reviews carefully before picking this phone over another.

The phone is great. The only bad thing is I can't enter a micro SD card for extra space because I love my music.

i just got this phone 3 days ago, and so far i LOVE it.. It has a amazingly clear camara, great signal,ect.

I wouldn't recommend this particular edition to non-technical or new-to-Android users because it seems to be super buggy.I have the Moto X as well -- and the Moto G is supposed to be a cheaper edition.  The hardware seems decent, but the software seems thrown together.  It's possible that the other Moto G devices are free from these problems (e.g. on contract Verizon, and/or other carriers).

I really did my research on this phone and was very excited about the purchase I made from Amazon! Unfortunately, the very next day when I received my phone, thats when the nightmare started. The phone looked brand new and sealed in the packaging just like you would purchase from the store. For example, I literally had to use scissors to cut the packing to even get to the provided books and then had to cut through a complete different package to even touch the phone.I went through the proper procedures of activating the phone and purchasing a bundle plan for use.  Once the phone was completely done programming the customer service rep tells me to make a call and an error message stated the "PHONE CAN NOT BE AUTHENTICATED" This happened on February 27th and today is March 3, 2014 AND I JUST LEARNED I HAVE TO RETURN THE PHONE TO AMAZON!!Tthis review is just for "Customer Beware" purposes only!! Both Amazon and Verizon Wireless had excellent customer service and tried very hard to fix all issues.HERES THE CRAZY PART!!! I LEARNED TONIGHT THAT THE PHONE I PURCHASED HAD ACTUALLY BEEN HACKED INTO AND WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO USE!! Granted, I was upset after almost a week of late nights with verizon reps..it was getting old trying a million things repeatedly to try and fix the phone...but tonight the verizon rep told me straight up "Maam you need to return this phone, somebody has hacked this phone and resold on whatever site you bought it from"! I was shocked, I told him exactly how the packaging was and literally argued with him because I thought he was nuts.  But he was just telling me the truth and even promised a full bundle will be applied to the new phone when I get it. When I contacted Amazon they were just as amazing! They refunded my money and sent me a shipping label for an easy return!!I always shop online and this is the first time anything crazy has happened....but worth mentioning for customers to know!!!

I am highly pleased with this verizon prepaid phone.  Great phone for the price and service I receive, works really good in places where my other phones could not pick up service.

Great phone at an awesome price! We don't need frills, so this works perfect for us. It is really a nice phone for basic calling/texting/email/surfing web. Picture quality isn't the best( we have digital cameras for that) especially compared to my phone prior to this but for $45/month I'll live with that, we save quite a bit of $ now.  Also the limited storage doesn't bother us because we only use our phones for what they are and have other devices for storage. It is almost identical to my previous phone except this phone is 3G. This is an above average phone.

Love my new phone it works perfectly... Love it especially at the price that I got it for :)

Those of you who think it doesn't it does! I can confirm this, as of today i activated my moto G on a post paid account.Follow these steps. If your familiar with activating 3g phones then do that.1) bypass activation (i bypassed first then activated, might work otherwise but not tested by me)how to video >> [...]2) dial *228a) enter phone number you watn to activate onb) enter password or password, whichever gets asked of youc)bam!! 100 dora post paid phone!oh yea -1 star for no micro SD.

I purchased this same phone from Best Buy, and now I wish I would have left it there.  The only OK things about this phone are the Kit Kat update, picture & video quality, and camera flash. Other than that I can give you potential buyers 2 reasons NOT buy this phone: 1) No SD card slot (i thought I could do without, but I can't ); 2) no mobile hotspot. My LG Optimus Exceed can be used as a Hotspot (Verizon just enabled this capability) and so can the low end LG Optimus Zone 2 (on verizon's website for 49.99).  I knew not to expect much considering the price, but the Zone 2 is half the price of this phone with more capabilities. Too bad I can't send it back. I may root it and let my 2 year old play with it.

It is  a real smart phone with performance equal to the newer contract phones many of my friends have recently purchased.  Has gorilla glass, good front and rear cameras, fast processor and great 4.5 inch  sharp display.  This phone replaces a HTC 3g Droid that ran ginger bread, the difference is amazing.  I primarily use phone as a Kindle reader which it has worked well. Be advised the G stands for Google and it definitely has a presence on the phone.  The phone is inexpensive so if I break it, I can just buy another.I have been a Verizon pre-paid customer for many years and now I almost want to thank them for making this phone available. Not going to thank Verizon though I will continue paying them $60 per month to use this cool phone on their very good network.3G only, no micro-SD card slot, feels a bit slippery in my hand especially the back.

Excellent phone for the price! Considering Huawei has a phone (the Inspira Glory) for the same price through net10 that lacks all the bells and whistles this one has, this phone is a great bargain! The Huawei only features a 3mp cam, a 3.5 inch display, poor resolution, no front facing camera, and android ICS 4.0. AND GET THIS IT RETAILS FOR THE SAME PRICE AS THIS ONE! I bought this as a replacement for the Huawei (the Chinese made android was slow and constantly restarted itself and over heated) and net10 at the same time. When I found out Verizon had their own 45 dollar plan and I had an option like this it was a no brainer. I have been using this phone for a week now and I am in love! It exceeded my expectations and it arrived precisely on time! The gorilla glass is awesome! It won't scratch and finger prints barely show up even after all day use. The battery life is amazing! Lasts easily all day while connected to WiFi. And the phone updated to android 4.4 KitKat the second I powered it on! Anyone who wants a great phone by a manufacturer you know and trust should buy this phone! Plus Verizon service is the best there is! 5 well earned stars!

First off, I'm going to introduce myself as someone who loves their electronics, but doesn't have the budget to pay for all that I want! As a student with a part time job, I need a phone, but in no way can I afford to pay the contract plans everyone - including most of my friends - seem to get.Unless you're entering a contract with a bunch of people, you are going to pay at least 70$ USD per month (depending on carrier, for Verizon you have to pay 40 per month per smartphone and 50 per month for the individual BASE service plan [500 MB cap]) and is just not a good value, unless you HAVE to have the latest smartphone with the best features, such as the beautiful Galaxy Note 3 or the Samsung Galaxy S5. My TOTAL plan cost for this phone with Verizon is 45$ per month flat, and I get unlimited TALK and TEXT, with 500MB of data - AT+T has a similar no contract plan available, and I'm assuming other carriers have close to this per month cost as well.I did a lot of research into what might be good values for no-contract and prepaid phones, and it basically came between this phone (99$ but locked to Verizon), the unlocked version of this phone (199$), the unlocked Galaxy S3 (199$), the iPhone 4 (199$) and the goofy knock-off-Windows Nokia Lumia 520 and 521 (54.99, AT+T// 69.99, T-Mobile). I won't go into the pros/cons of each phone, but this phone had significant points that bought me over.Pros:Snappy Dual-Core processor, perfect for flipping between tasks, opening word documents, browsing the web.. and my favorite, running GameBoy Advance emulators - something you can't do on IPhones (IOS) or windows phones (Nokia Lumia series).8GB of Flash Storage - plenty, to be honest. Remember, you're buying a Smartphone! This means if you want music, you have many outlets, i.e. Pandora, Slacker radio, Youtube, Spotify.. This means the 8GB you are given will go a long way to hold photos or games you might want to install.Google Drive - Cloud storage for your music files, videos you purchase through Google Play, Photos, ect. This is what makes the quantity of storage you get worth it.Office Suite - built in QuickOffice suite is pretty self explanatory; you get a fast little word processing app/spreadsheets/presentations. For jotting down notes (which I do a lot) the Word option is very sufficient.Voice to Text - Facilitated by a WiFi (or 3G) connection to Google, it is possible to - using the base Google touch keyboard - literally talk text into your phone. This is not a gimmick, the accuracy is quite good and the tracking is fast, I impress people daily about how well thought out and QUICK my text replies are. Absolutely an awesome feature.Battery Life - Awesome! If the phone remains in "sleep mode" (screen off) I have seen this battery last for over a week if not used much beyond simple calls and texts. Additionally, with web browsing and hours of GameBoy Advance emulators compounding to roughly 3 hours of screen on and processing power, I charge this phone roughly once every three days. This is quite good, and my HP Pavilion 14" laptop has worse battery retention when performing the same web browsing intensity.Verizon's network - I have no other option in the area. AT+T gets calls dropped often, Sprint and T-Mobile has 1 / 0 bar service places and I've not seen people attempt other minor carriers. With Verizon around where I live I get a solid 2-3 bars most of the time, and I have not experienced a single dropped call/poor quality anywhere within a 70 mile radius.Cons:1 GB of RAM is eaten up by multiple processes quickly. If you are a power user like me you WILL have to do some memory management - my 360 Mobile Safe Antivirus/Memory management app tells me that the system uses 40% of this all the time, and it doesn't take much to fill up the remaining 600MB of System RAM. Luckily, Google gives you some powerful memory management capabilities built in, but the mentioned 360 Mobile Safe App (that is free) has a one-button memory dump, which is quite nice.No Micro-SD card slot - Definite con. You can remedy the lack of Flash Storage with cloud storage, but this isn't ideal, and was enough of a problem to drop the phone down one star.3G only - You can't get hyperspeed on this phone, unfortunately. Sorry guys, you can't host this phone as a mobile hotspot AND get better download speeds you get on a home WiFi... Why would you want to anyway? 3G is plenty fast for streaming Pandora, watching Youtube videos and Browsing the Web. Any more is just going to destroy the meager data plan you're going to buy anyway.

This phone is great.  It's fast, solid, and easy to set up.  I have already recommended it to others.  At this price it's even less then getting a similar phone with a contract and paying insurance every month and a $90 deductible.  Love the Verizon prepay option as well.

Love the quality and apps very excellent phone would recommend to everyone love the camera and flash and picture quality

First, its not works in Brazil. I did not see it when I buy.Second, only 2 hours using the cell phone as game or using some applicatives now its not working as well.I went to Motorola service here and according to them the mother board needed to be changed. As I bought in USA through Amazon and I cannot send it back to us and I don't have any resources to claim the warranty.So, I really desapppointed because I cannot use the cell phone even as game and lost my money.I do not buy anything from Amazon.

This is a replacement phone and works well. I would recommend this phone as an inexpensive smart phone that outshines those other over priced phones.

This little phone is awesome! I upgraded from an HTC rhyme which had gingerbread I believe and the speed blows me away. Graphics and picture quality is good. Sound quality is good. Lightweight and fits my hands perfectly.The only con is no sd slot and I have crappy internet.

A lot of bang for the buck!! the best phone in this price range by far, I've had this for about a month and absolutely no complaints!! Even when I'm on data its just as fast as on Wi-Fi!!!! Looking for a great phone? This is it!!

I read a lot of reviews before buying this phone so I had a good idea what I was getting. The Moto G will definitely not disappoint you! It is the big phone with all the features for an unheard of low price in prepaid smartphones! The display is bright and colorful, the camera takes great pics and HD video, and I think it is very fast. I have downloaded a bunch of apps and still have a couple gb of space.Verizons prepaid as far as I am concerned is the best service available, especially in my area I get excellent coverage. I loaded the $45 card which only comes with 500mb of data but you can get an extra 500 just for setting up auto pay. Overall my experience buying 2 of these phones, a case, and Bluetooth headset from Amazon has been flawless as usual! Fast shipping along with great packing and products keeps me coming back and telling everyone I know also!

I came to this phone from an iPhone 5 (Verizon) and a Samsung Galaxy S3 (Virgin Mobile).  Both of those phones were in themselves superior to this phone in just about every way, although battery life and voice quality on the Moto G is clearly superior to the Samsung.  The deciding factor for me was that the price of the prepaid was far less on Verizon's network, which I found negates any advantage of the superior hardware on the Virgin network.  If you're in love with Apple's OS, can pay the premium, and want a higher quality camera, stick with the iPhone.  While I love Mac otherwise, I prefer the Android experience, so this made sense for me.  To each his own.  Bang for buck wise, I think this blows any offering on Virgin out of the water, due to the the network's limitations.  Voice quality has been great, camera is passable, size is good, display is pretty good, network/GPS connectivity has been pretty darnn good.All in all, I give this five stars because this phone is good to really good but not great in so many areas, but paired with the network and the price, it is a perfect fit for this non-power user who still demands what may now be considered basic levels of smart phone performance.  I'd highly recommend this to non-status conscious users who just want a functional good deal.

I LOVE THIS PHONE. DEFINITELY WORTH THE MONEY AND THEN SOME! I HAD ANOTHER PHONE AND CARRIER AND COULD RARELY GET A SIGNAL AT HOME. NOW I GET A SIGNAL MOST ANYWHERE AND THE PHONE IS GREAT!

I love this phone.  I bought it through Amazon because it was cheaper than walmart.  I bought this phone and a case for 80 bucks and the phone at walmart is 100 and they dont have phone cases.  So this was a great deal.  We have prepaid so it works out. Very pleased.

I bought this for my 12 year old son for his first android.  He's had a basic text prepaid but wanted one that had apps and wifi.  Since hes good at loosing stuff, this was an affordable option.  Its a fast little phone.  We are a Samsung and iPhone family but this phone does all of the same things.  We added an otter box...he loves it.  If you buy verizon cards at walmart you get an additional 500mb data for $5.00.  I highky recommend this phine.  Even at 3g its as fast as my S4.

If you want a budget Android phone look no further. I was using another $99 prepaid Android phone and it was painful to say the least. Slow, bug ridden etc. This phone allows you to have a mid range phone for a low end price. The Moto G completely blows away all other phones in it's price range and many that are retail for $200-$300!Since Google owns Motorola you're able to get this phone at a great price AND has a guaranteed update to KitKat! The ONLY downside is the 8GB storage and no microSD slot. Personally, I am not a heavy app user or gamer and I transfer my photos to my laptop often as well as switch out my music. If 8GB isn't enough room the phone also comes with 50GB of Google drive storage free for two years.This phone truley is &#34;The phone for the rest of us&#34;!

+ Nice screen 720p ~330ppi+ 3G+ Android Kit Kat+ Quad Core- Poor Camera- no 4GWell worth the price.  Great phone!

Best prepaid phone I've ever had. The speed is immaculate and not to mention the scratch resistant screen. Love my phone.

Love my new phone!!! Its awesomeness runs amazing!!it was relieved quickly... Best phone I have had in a long time.

This phone has it all.  I'm also a first time user of a smart phone. Not intimidating, very easy to use. Great quality phone, arrived promptly. Would order from here again! Also is a cdma phone if that helps. Picks up great anywhere!

This phone is the EXACT phone I paid $30 more for on Verizon's site. (also the same $30 more at retailers such as Walmart) My husband, I and my daughter all have this Moto G. It's a great phone with all the bells and whistles you'd expect from a newer Android. It runs on Kit Kat and the battery life is the BEST I have EVER had. We really wanted to break free from the contracts, but didn't want to pay $500 for a phone upfront. I was skeptical when I first bought this for my husband and I, but it's every bit as good as my last Droid or my daughter's Moto X. The ONLY downside is that this phone is only 8g with no micro sd slot, so you have to watch how much you download on the phone. I haven't had any problems so far....I have all the usual social media, pics and use it to read books on from the Kindle app. I just occasionally go through and delete any unused apps. This phone is way more than you'd expect from the price!!!!

I have no complaints. For the price this is an excellent size screen.  It's fast and has great reception in areas where others don't.

This is a superb phone at an unbelievable price that I got for my wife who has Verizon prepaid. It was simple to set up and is really speedy and has Kit Kat, Android 4.4.2. Anyone on Verizon who doesn't care about 4g data speeds can pair it with Verizon prepaid's new $45 a month plan.I myself have a Nexus 5 and I was still impressed by the Moto G. The GSM version is at least twice the price but still a good value and delivered via Amazon Prime, a big plus.

It got here faster than they said it would, which made me very happy, and I love this phone! I have yet to find anything I don't like about it. I switched from the LG Optimus L9 from Metro PCS, and while that was a decent phone, I like this one so much better!

first off it was sold for 100 which is 150 cheaper then usual 2nd its just as fast as any s4,s5, or iphone ... does everything i need it to do including handling my music files and such ... great phone [this is coming from a engineer ] so you know the phone is the truth !  good service also

So far I love this prepaid phone. I'm not using it for email since I prefer not to have another email account. My computer and iPad are both Apple products and I use them for email. I bought the phone at Best Buy and the salesman transferred everything from my old Verizon non-smartphone. The online manual had been very helpful since it's my first android phone. Just a word of warning. I bought a grip shell from Motorola because the phone is somewhat slippery. Several websites tell you to take off the back of the phone to put on the grip shell. Do NOTdo it! Both Best Buy and Verizon said it would invalidate the warranty if you take off the back. I called Motorola Mobility and they told me the same thing. With a little effort I was able to put on the shell without taking off the back and I really like the feel. The red color is nice too!

Easy to use. Better than expected for a pre-pay phone. Worth the money! Great starter phone for a smart phone novice.

I've had the Moto G for over a month and ok, it could use more memory and no front end, just Andriod OS and no external memory. It's no-frills and takes a little getting used to and a little more attention to memory management but I love the phone. Just the right size, awesome battery and a great price.

first of all the phone is awesome .. i personally love it .. i bought it for $68 at amazon 2 days ago and now since i loved it i decided to sell it to my friend and buy another new one for myself  , and i cant find it because the one i bought was $12 cheaper then what i was looking at and it is the same thing but the price has raised about $12 and still increasing everyday ... and i had it in my cart ready to buy for $68 and it disappeared. i was super disappointed at them for raising the price plus making me pay tax of $7 made me even more mad since the phone is only worth the price of $68 tax free.. wouldn't recommend buying this phone for more than $70 .. isn't worth more than that .. hope this review help :/

I have a Razr Maxx quad core 2 years old.I purchased a Moto G it's nicer faster and better software.and I will be able to beet my :contract: smartphone down from $100 a month to $50 dollars a month with the Moto G :prepaid:.

Great phone. Nice screen. Bought this for my husband. Good for transition from a flip phone. He is satisfied.

This phone seems ok. I'm just not a smart phone kind of guy.I like the simple cell phones.I probably won't keep it to long.Fact is I'd trade for a Blackberry in a heartbeat!

It works everywhere my old phone would not. I was able to customize it to my liking exactly. Had to set my notification settings low so I didn't get a verizion voice notification with every call, but since I did that its comparable to the contract service. IMO.  I'm a fan of Google so I like all the preinstalled apps. Was able to disable ones I don't want, without any consequence.The battery cannot be removed, but if it glitches or refuses to come on, it can be reset by simply holding the power button for some length of time 20-30 seconds, then phone will come back on.

If you are looking for a decent android phone, but only want to use it on wifi and not deal with the crap fees that a carrier charges you, this is the device for you.When you boot the phone, it will ask you to activate it on the Verizon network. However, to bypass this, all you have to do is go to the home screen and and swipe away the activation window. Bam, then connect through wifi and you have a awesome android wifi device.I love this phone. Great screen, great battery life, light, great pixel density, fast. Yes, it only has a 720p screen, but honestly on a device this small, are you really going to notice the difference between 1080p and 720p on a 4.5 inch screen?You can still call 911 without activating it, and you do get the 50gb Google Drive space promotion for 2 years by buying this device. I'm not sure about using it on the verizon network though.

This is my first smartphone and so far its been a great one. I like that it includes gorilla glass to prevent scratches. Although it does come with a fair amount of unneeded apps that are google related.

I went from a galaxy centura straigh talk phone to moto g. What a difference!! I get service where centura didnt. Very quick app downloads, extreme quick wifi connection, google now is a huge bonus and helper, voice commands are quick, i like the front and rear camera-the pics are good enough for me. The keyboard swype is very touchy-i love that feature. The screens swipe very easy, the speaker is killer! I never lost a call. When i launch an app-blink and its there. The memory is alot-and i have tons of stuff downloaded. Phone never lags. HIGHLY recommend!!

The phone was exactly what it says.  It is not unlocked, it must be used with a Verizon prepay plan (through Verizon not net10, straightalk, or anyone else).  I made the mistake, but they took it back and refunded me my money which was great. If you want a Verizon prepay this is a good purchase

Love this phone and the price can't be beat. Talk sound quality is good and the features of this phone are great for this price.

Stopped the order not ordering it

I am very happy with this phone.  I have no issues with it at all. It is actually my first smart phone and have had no problems using or understanding it.

I love this phone.  The features are great for what I was looking for in a phone.  I especially like the front facing camera.

This phone does every thing I need it to do!!! At a great price to!!!! Its 3g but mine works pretty fast.

I picked this up to use as a WiFi device with no immediate intention of activating Verizon prepaid service. The first thing you notice about this phone versus others is that it forces you through an activation process via a phone call with an automated Verizon robot. That was a little disturbing given why I bought it, however if you go through the process, it creates a Verizon account, you set the PIN for the account, and it assigns you a phone number, and the LAST step of the activation process is to enter payment information. If you hang up on the call on the last payment step, the phone will come to life with the assigned phone number, and it works as a WiFi device, even though it now has an assigned Verizon phone number. If you hang up before that point it continues to force you through the process - so go all the way through except payment. I took one star off for forcing customers through this activation process before you can use the phone.As other reviews say, it can't be beat for $99. The 4.5" form factor is noticably smaller than say the Nexus 5 and Galaxy S3/4, 720P screen is nice, and I also was able to upgrade to Kit Kat 4.4.2 OTA over WiFi. The music player also sounds great.One disturbing note is that leaving it without mobile service and WiFi connected overnight it drained the battery to zero. Putting the device in airplane mode and only turning on WiFi seems to have fixed that - it drained from 100% to 63% overnight with those settings.

Bought this phone for my daughter. Very happy with the product and it we received it 3 days before expected.

I purchased this phone for a great price from Amazon about a month ago & so far I am very pleased with the Moto G & the Verizon Prepaid Plan. This phone has got a wonderful looking screen & the size of the phone is a comfortable fit for my hand, not too big. It is also very slim & fits perfectly in the front pocket of my jeans.

My review is split into two parts: 1. The lowest rating is awarded for how the Vz Moto G is represented via Vz packaging, literature, over the phone and in person. 2. The Vz Moto G as a phone. This is posted separately.Review Part 1: I just bought two of these to replace my two LG2 prepaid phones. Moto G is advertised as PRE-PAID with NO CONTRACT but in order to validate you must agree to $45/month. My wife and I just returned from trying to get our new Moto G&#8217;s validated at two different Verizon stores. No-can-do without agreeing to pay $45/ month for NO contract prepaid phones!? Before buying the Mot G&#8217;s I spoke on the phone with a Verizon rep and asked whether the features of my current plan would apply to the Moto G and was told they would. We spent about 30 minutes reviewing plan features and cost of my current prepaid plan and I made it very clear that I was reviewing all of this because I needed to make sure that I would have the same costs if I purchased the Moto G. I was assured that my existing pre-paid balances would be applied to the Moto G. Likewise when I visited the Vz store (pre-purchase visit) that the transfer between phones would be possible and no problem.  So I did my pre-purchase homework and never in the literature, on the phone or face to face did the issue of $45/month and other plan changes come up as being a default part of this package. On the packaging it reads &#8220;Up to $35 activation fee&#8221; but it&#8217;s really $45. In the Vz Customer Agreement on page 1 we read about the &#8220;Optional Services&#8221; being above and beyond the pay-per-use charges. &#8220;Optional&#8221;&#8230; you can&#8217;t even validate without paying the initial $45 which turns on these Talk & Text services.Technically the Vz Moto G is a pre-paid w/no contract deal &#8211; BUT &#8211; if your monthly balance falls below $45/mo. your talk time gets billed at .25 minute and .20 for each text sent and received. AND any prepaid dollars you put on phone automatically gets applied to bring your balance up to the required $45/month &#8220;Unlimited  Talk & Text Plan&#8221; agreement. So if you are going to use at least $45 of Talk & Text per month this may the phone for you. At the Verizon store I was told that I would lose my existing prepaid balance. The &#8220;Verizon Customer Agreement&#8221; that comes with the Moto G says NOTHING about this. And try calling Verizon to speak with a real person... after you click 0 two or three times you get hung up on! To get a real person call 800-922-0204  #0 and ask to be transferred to prepaid&#8230; then WAIT.After sharing the above I did receive an apology today from another Vz rep who explained the above &#8220;Talk & Text&#8221; details to me. It is obvious that the first Vz rep I spoke with on the phone missed the part about my needing to use the LG 2 features we spent 30+ minutes about over to the Moto G.  The Vz rep today did say that there are two non smart phones which will work on the basic prepaid plan I tried to move over to the Moto G: Samsung BrightSide and LG Extravert.

Incredible purchase! This phone is top quality Android on a budget. The handset is very fast and user friendly despite few instructions. The battery life is great and recharge is relatively brief. My only complaint - No SD Micro storage slot! Music and movies must be streamed or dragged-and-dropped onto the device via USB. Verizon coverage is fantastic, no real downside to this purchase.

The moto g from verizon wireless prepaid is the best phone I had. I love how google gives you 50 gigs for two years free. The battery last me almost two days on a single charge. The phone is a lot better than my samsung galaxy s3 that I have with virgin mobile

My Husband and I ordered two of these phones...They are Amazing and Amazing for the price...The camera is unreal it takes the best pictures ..my friend has a Galaxy and this phone is .2 smaller than hers..why pay hundreds of dollars and go in debt for a plan when you can get these Verizon prepaid phones...They are Wonderful...This phone does everything a Galaxy or nexus can do...I'm buying two more for my son and daughter! you will love them plus Amazon has tons of cases to chose from!

I love the phone!

This phone was a lemon.....brand new out of the box certified lemon.....It would work for a day or two then begin to turn itself on and off....became totally useless...and I'm not alone on this.....read multiple reviews from people who had the very same problem.....it's a real shame too because it's a good looking phone....that being said, I'd rather have an ugly phone that worked than a pretty one that only looked good on the outside....not everyone has had this problem and many have given it high ratings, however, there are enough documented bad experiences out there that I'm compelled to use the time worn phrase....BUYER BEWARE

Great Smartphone! Fast, smooth, and painless functionality. Only downside with a non-contract phone is that the camera quality isnt there. Everywhere you go WiFi is available, so no need for unlimited data. $45 a month prepaid.If I ever go back to contract for family plan or something, I will definitely get the contract version of this phone!

I bought this phone from best buy with the Verizon dealmy previous phone was LG Nexus 4 it was a great phone but it fall from my hand and the screen broke and when i repaired it it fall again so i said &#34;screw this phone i'll buy another one&#34; and i wanted something cheep and because i'm an ex-nexus 4 user i love the stock androidand the moto g has every thing i wantso i bought it and i wasn't expecting a great phonebut when i used it i was shockedfor a 100$ i got a very fast phone with a great speakers and a not bad camera and a magnificent screen size with a good resolution and the battery was a very very very great. actually i didn't expect a great battery from a cheep phone but this phone has i greatest phone battery i ever usedover all :it was faster and has a longer battery lifetime than me old nexus 4 and very better design with better materials and better speakers and smarter design ( if you put the nexus 4 on its back and played a song you won't hear anything unlike the Moto g)but :i wasn't happy with the storage space but i don't download lot of things on my phone so that didn't bother medon't expect a great camera its good but not great ( especially in the night )and with  1GB RAM you won't get a great multitasking ( that thing bothered me a little ) but the good things are more than the small bothering onesi recommend it so bad

I used the phone for one month and two days then the battery made a loud popping noise and the phone died.  The battery is not replaceable..........

I'm really enjoying my Moto G... It works great for what I need. The speed and memory is great I recorded a play and still have enough memory left.

This phone does all I need it to do and then some!  And the price ($69.98) NEW is great!  I don't need all the other speed and fancy stuff!

This is my second Moto G (only because I was clumsy with the first and shattered the screen) and I love it. Perfect size screen, quad core, kit kat, and it just looks clean. This phone really proves that you don't need flagship specs to get a flagship experience. I've recommended this phone to a friend and just told him about it and showed him and he went out and bought one within a week and thanks me for showing him. So you should also listen and click "add to cart". You will love this phone, trust me.

This is by far the best phone I've ever owned. I previously owned a ZTE Merit, which was... behind on the times to say the least. What I absolutely loved about this phone was that as soon as I turned it on it updated to android Kit-Kat. (Amazing btw) Seeing as how the screen isn't OLED, it does use a bit more power, which brings me to my next point. On moderate use I get about 12-17 hours use. Much better than the Merit I had before. Another great point about this phone would be its speaker. I work in the back of a busy restaurant and we don't have a radio. We previously used an iPod that we put under a plate to amplify the sound, but now I have to put this phone at only 75% and everyone in the back can hear it.The notification LED is only one color (white)The removable back is just for show, you can't remove the battery, and there is no micro sd card slot. Which is the only downside to this phone, no expandable storage. You're stuck with the 8 gigs they give you. Sure you get 50 free gigs of Google drive storage upon turning the phone on for the first time, but unless you have a constant internet connection that'll be worthless.I highly recommend purchasing the flipshell case from motorolla. Sure it's a third the price of the phone, but it gives the phone an even more premium feel.

I got this phone thru best buy and love it and it is as fast and my brothers 4g phone and it no contract thru the best cell phone service verizion you will not regret getting this phone

I love the phone camera quality is awesome perfect if don't want to pay a huge bill memory is excellent

Got this phone bc my other one just like it broke and I hate this phone I can't download anything on it

Better than I could have asked for. My girlfriend prefers my (this) phone to her iPhone. Highly reccomended and surprisingly well priced!

This a a very nice phone and you can't beat the price for all the features you get.  Sound is clear and works well with the Sync feature in my car. Camera is awesome outside and panorama is easy to use.  Only complaint with the camera is that flash photos tend to be yellowish and not very clear.  Overall I give a 5 star as it meets my expectations and best of all it didn't break the bank.

Its a good phone definitely for the price. I would recommend it anyone who is looking for a really good phone for a reasonable price.

First, I would like to start off by saying that this phone is wonderful for the price you pay ($99 USD).It's got a great, affordable 4x core processor that makes the phone feel like you paid way more than a C-Note for. Apps run very well on this phone and call quality is outstanding!That's about where the shininess ends. Over the past 24 hours I've not been able to stay connected to WiFi. This is a significant issue for those of us with limited data plans. I cannot stay connected to an access point for more than an hour without me having to clear the device's association with any WiFi access points I connect to. I've searched the Moto Forums, Internet forums and Android OS specific forums for troubleshooting and none of these resources have yielded any productive results. The most prescribed method of resolving this issue is to do what I've just mentioned: &#34;Forget&#34; wireless network association, reboot phone, re-associate device with access point.I've done everything conceivable from a technical standpoint and have submitted a ticket for support with Motorola regarding this issue.I would have given this device 4 out of 5 stars for it's affordability, usability and screen resolution, but this WiFi issue is killing my appreciation of the device.

I like the phone and i cant wait to start using it next week,  easy to understand the book for it.

Great Phone, I personally use it just as a Wifi device can also be used as iPod alternative but only has 8gb even then this is way cheaper for the amazing specs on it.

Bought this phone for my husband and I am jealous. It is a great phone and has a great screen Image.

This is one of the most amazing, low-cost prepaid phones available. Battery life is amazing, as I can go all day on a single charge with normal use.  The screen quality is bright and HD, with scratch resistant gorilla glass.  Camera quality is decent for 5.0 MP, and is capable of recording 720p HD video.  The phone comes with 8GB of internal storage (about 5.5 available to user) and 50GB of free Google Drive cloud storage, but the lack of an SD card slot is a drawback.  But that is the only one as this phone is amazing for the price.  I've owned this phone for almost a month and am extremely pleased with it.  Highly recommended.

This is my first smart phone so this may not mean much to some people, so far I don't like the touch screen it is too sensitive when u try to scroll in the contacts screen it will often dial a number just by brushing the screen when u are looking for a contact, and the text message letters are sensitive as well, hard to text on, it may just be me as I am not use to it yet otherwise it has a great display screen and lots of apps maybe other users could tell me if there is a way to adjust the level of sensitivity of the screen?

Got these for my son and wife . Love them best prepaid they have had .

this phone for the price as good as it gets. by far the best phone under a hundred dollars!  learning curve is small and phone has amazing power and speed. battery holds up to heavy use and i would recommend to anyone looking for a mid level to high end smart phone to consider it. troy c. vancouver,wa.

This phone is large, thin, and light. The overall performance seems more than capable of handling any app thrown at it. And, video performance is impressive, providing sharp, vibrant imagery with no jitter or lag issues.When put to constant, everyday use, my wife reported occasional problems with distortion in the speaker - so bad that audible speech is nearly impossible to comprehend. The problem was too inconsistent for me to recreate, having occurred using various towers, with various callers, inbound, outbound, various times of day, various volume levels - no discernable pattern.The audio distortion could be a problem with this particular phone only. And, I cannot rule out a carrier service issue, though it is highly unlikely. But, I felt I should include it in this review in case it is a manufacturing defect.

I like it well enough. I am still learning what everything does, but, so far I am happy with it.

Even though the shipping days were expected to take up to 5 - 8, it arrived only within 2 days. The phone was brand new, sleek and very functional. You cannot find a better phone for this price. It was a great deal.

Still learning how to use this phone as I was a hold out with the flip style, but must say this phone has everything I wanted, nice camera, great video, fast, love it!

REVISION:  After submitting my original review in which I'd expressed having data limits that prevented installation of a couple of favorite apps, I decided to try installing the apps again.I'm happy to report that this time I installed Amazon and Gas Buddy apps without a hitch.  Maybe the first time I tried, the additional 4 GB of data I'd purchased hadn't yet taken effect. Obviously data capacity is still limited, but it's such a pleasure to have a phone that works. (Not a criticism of Samsung Galaxy, only Sprint)One correction: I think maximum data you can add is 5 GB, not 10+. Check Verizon Wireless web site to be sure.  Following is my original review, with minor changes and revised comments about data constraints.  **************************************Just emerged from two years of Sprint cell hell.  All that $ for the Samsung Galaxy Epic Touch, only to end up with something barely functional because of Sprint's pitifully poor service and ludicrously limited reception. It wasn't a matter of whether a call would drop, it was a matter of when--IF the call went through in the first place. Now I'm back to Verizon with its superior coverage and wonderful Moto G. It's intuitive and has easy-to-access, easy-to-follow instructions. Even provides some on-screen demos.I've cut my cell phone bill by more than half with Verizon's no-contract $45/month plan and now have the best phone I've ever had. Good-looking, sleek front, and a nice rubberized (but not cheap-looking) back that makes it easy to hold on to. Unlike Sprint Galaxy, it responds quickly and efficiently to tactile and voice commands.I sometimes get "Insufficient memory" messages when attempting to update or install apps.  But I knew when I bought the phone I'd have far less data than I'm used to. Still, I can use my favorite apps, such as Amazon, Gas Buddy, online banking and more. I'm happily adjusting to limited capacity.  The reliability of phone service is a worthwhile trade-off.Too bad the phone comes with several data-hogging pre-installed Google apps. However, it's relatively inexpensive to add 2-5 GB of data. And I found an app that cleans the cache, which significantly freed up space.Highly reliable with excellent battery life. I had to charge my Galaxy every night and often mid-day as well. I charge my Moto G only about every 3 days. Very easy to operate; no steep learning curve. If you've owned a Smart Phone, you'll know instinctively how to perform virtually every function on the Moto G. If you're new to Smart Phones, this is a nice model to start with.Good value.  Attractive. Generous screen size.  BONUS: It was extremely easy to transfer my phone number, contacts and many apps from my Samsung Galaxy by using the Motorola Migrate app.I most certainly do recommend this phone for the budget-conscious person seeking dependable phone service first, frills second, or anyone wanting a Smart Phone that's simple to use. Couldn't give 5 stars because of so many pre-installed Google apps and because I've had the phone too short a time to have tried all the features, such as video recording.

I cannot believe the price can go this low. it has high performance, and everything runs very smooth. Like the quality of Moto.

Awesome

As a cell phone, I would not recommend this device as you are going to be locked to Verizon. (Currently cannot be unlocked, rooted, etc.)  Get the unlocked GSM version where you can shop around for carriers and flash custom ROMs.  Prepaid plans from AT&T;, TruPhone, StraightTalk, etc. all beat the Verizon plans for the truly budget-minded consumer, especially when you consider the ability to swap SIMs with ease.If you must have a Verizon phone because of coverage, then why bother with this budget device when you can just sign a contract for about the same amount per month and have a top of the line phone with LTE, for example?However, if you just want something cheap to play with, then this is the ticket.  After hitting the auction sites for used phones that I could flash to Android 4.4, I decided this would be the better way to go for my projects.  This device is great for WiFi web cams, remote controls for copters, auto gauge clusters, etc.  The activation wizard is easy to bypass, just do a quick internet search.  Ships with 4.3, updates to 4.4 via a 247MB update.

The proseser has lag but for the pice I don't think you can do better and it needs to be rooted bad to get Verizon's junk off of it like there music app.

This phone will get u through the day without a stutter or lag battery life should get u through a good whole days work and performance well let's just say its better than Amy other lower end android phone .

The phone is fantastic for the price of $99.99, and it's brand new, too! I received it within 2-3 days, the phone runs smoothly with great graphics, and overall, this phone is highly recommended for those who are in need of a brand new phone that is cheap and is a fantastic phone!

Great phone, fast, easy to use, good size

This is an awesome phone and don't worry about no 4g, I am getting great speeds over 3G. This is a great device comparable to my previous device, the motoX. Only thing you don't get is the the active controls and active notifications. I miss my MotoX but this one is very close. Verizon prepaid has been great so far. Have never not had good service for calls not to mention great internet speeds all of the time thus far. If you are on a budget, this is a no-brainer. The GSM moto g for 179$ and $30-40 per month or the verizon version $99 device and 60$ per month. You can't go wrong either way. There has never been such a great deal on a "budget" device.

it's not a galaxy 5. but for $99.......if I lost this one I'd buy another immediately. The best part is I will never have to set foot in a Verizon store again! Also the Gorilla glass is fantastic! I do wish it was 16gb. but. IT&#34;S $99 DOLLARS!!!!!

I don't usually leave reviews- in fact this is my first. I will start with the positive.The phone is beautiful. After coming from the Samsung Illusion I did not realize that smart phones could be so easy, convenient and so much like a computer. The camera is terrific with the ability to aim from back and front. The keyboard has issues but when I go for the space bar but I think that is only because of what I am accustomed to.Now for the package- the package is one of those awful plastic packages that require you to cut them open. The marking of where to cut is so small that before I saw it I had already cut the package--AS WELL AS MY FINGER. Shame on Motorola for using that kind of packaging and despite the fact that my finger will heal I will always remember how much worse this could have been

I researched so many phones and decided on this one because of all the positive reviews&#8230;.it has been a great smartphone&#8230;.and I am totally satisfied with the pictures, the ease of use and love the gorilla front&#8230;.which I think means n fingerprints&#8230;..which is true&#8230;.never messy and fingered from use.  So&#8230;yes..I highly recommend this phone and the service and customer care from Amazon can't be beat&#8230;love my phone and love Amazon.  Kathy Martin

I'm still in shock by how nice this phone is.  This isn't your usual outdated Android that you normally find in the prepaid market.  The Moto G is powerful, almost never lags, get's great reception on Verizon and is running the most up to date version of Android.  It's a dream come true for someone, like me, who refuses to sign a contract and pay $100 a month.  My last phone was the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim on Straight Talk.  I purchased it a little over a year ago for over $140.  It was buggy and slow; still running 2.3 gingerbread.  But it was still a good deal for prepaid at the time.  The Moto G changes things.  I've now been spoiled and there's no going back.  I seriously can't recommend this phone enough.  It's great.

I have been very please with this phone.It does everything that I need it to do, and I enjoy that it is a pre-pay or pay-go mode option.Thank you!

I love this phone its a GREAT phone and it suits me well ;) Motorola is a good phone manufacturer!

One week after start using it the viewer stop working.Please send me a duplicate of the buyng ticket so that I can try using the garantee in Brazil.

I really was leery to get this phone but I really like it. It is easy to use. I highly recommend.

I have been a Verizon Prepaid subscriber for about two years with a basic phone (the LG Extravert).  Verizon (even their prepaid service does have roaming until their contract service) has excellent coverage everywhere I go.  When my phone started to show its age, I decided I finally wanted to upgrade to a smartphone.  After doing research I settled on the Motorola Moto G.  I picked it because it was reasonably priced, had a good display, ran the latest KitKat Android OS, and received overall very good reviews.  I have always received good customer service from Verizon which has made me a satisfied customer.You should know that the Verizon version of the Moto G is a 3G device.  At the time of purchase, Verizon prepay subscribers did not have access to Verizon's 4G LTE (now XLTE) network.  This (post 7/17 when Verizon enabled access to 4G LTE is still a non-issue for me.  When I have used 3G it is fast enough.  Besides I typically use WiFI everywhere I go.  My plan is only for 500MB which seems to be more than enough for my limited use of it.  This phone also does not have an SD slot.  Inside it comes with 8GB of on-board storage, which about 5GB is free for your use.  I find it is large enough for me--especially with the free 50GB of Google Drive storage it comes with.There are a lot of good things about the Moto G.  KitKat is certainly one of them.  The camera is okay--better than a feature phone but not great compared to the Samsung Galaxy S5 or the Motorola Moto X.  What I love it is the Motorola Assist app.  I get a lot of phone calls, texts, and emails during the night when I want to be sleeping.  I sleep much better with this app that silences the phone during the designated sleep times and meeting times.  But rest easily knowing that in an emergency my phone would still ring if the caller calls twice in five minutes.  This phone works well with pretty much every app in Google Play and is great for playing games on.If you are want a mid-level smartphone with much of the same abilities as the two year old Samsung Galaxy SIII with a still cheaper price look no further than the Moto G.  Motorola really stepped it up with Google in designing the Moto series.  I hope Motorola will keep up the good work when under Lenovo's control as the Moto G is the device to beat in the low priced mid-level smartphone market.

I had a Razer which I truly enjoyed, However I couldn't use it as prepaid phone. The moto g somewhat reminds me of my Razer.

Pros: Decent phone for a decent priceCons: Can't be rooted, hence the 3 stars. Motorola provides codes to unlock other Motos but not his one, shame on you Motorola. Was somewhat excited to hear of Geohot's latest hack which exploits android's linux kernel, but no joy when trying it.

so far so good!ive had this phone for about 2 months now and i really like almost everything about it! i got this phone as a replacement for my iphone 4s that took a crap as a cheap but good looking phone. going from and apple to a droid has and is still taking me a while to get use to but i love droids so much better! maybe the only con i could think of would be the camera. its not the best pixel but it still takes really good pics!

The phone is great, it did take a few days to get use to it. It takes awesome pictures they come out nice and clear. The only thing that worries me is the charger. I've emailed Motorola several times since i received my phone. The charger gets extremely HOT after being plugged in only 15-20 minutes, so i unplug it for a hour then plug it back in i do that till phone is charged. Is charger faulty?

I wanted to get this phone, because it has the most updated features.  I might pick on up July or later, the reason why I am not getting it right now is that it does not have an micro SD card slot, which would be good for to store photos, music, movies, anything on the micro SD card slot.  I have to think about this, is it worth getting it or not?  You can post comments down below.  After I buy it, I will be reposting an update for this soon.  Shed some light about this future purchase.  Do you think a phone without and micro SD card slot is a great idea?

I really love this phone it's the best one for prepaid. Also it's my 2nd one, the first one was thrown and it busted the inside of the phone. First thing first is I threw it and second it was in a crappy case too. Get the phone with a otter box it really protects it and adds some bulkiness. Anywho get the moto g great

I love this phone it is as good as much more expensive model's.

Best phone I ever had for a cheap price does everything other smart phones works great got all the apps

This is the  best prepaid phone I have ever had, I would highly recommend this phone. There is a learning curve if you have not had a smart phone but it is worth it. Very solid nice feel to it.

received the phone from amazon in two days and got a deal at $91.  the phone is sleek, feels great to hold (also ordered a rubber-like case in dark blue that reduces slipperiness) .  called Verizon and was walked through the activation (which took over an hour) due to the guy trying to update system to KitKat OS which it refused to do so he told me to take it into the Verizon store on Monday.  he said the porting of my current # to the moto g could take from 4-24 hours and I could check the status by dialing a certain # he provided or simply *611, however, he neglected to mention that both of these would give a message that I was roaming and I could pay for the service by entering my credit card #!!!!! I tried calling both numbers from my old phone and got the same response then went on line and tried to use the temporary phone # given to me, my current phone #, and the old account number when trying to sign in -- no dice, kept saying not enough information (despite the fact that the guy who was helping me said that any of those would work if I wanted to go online).  finally used my husband's online account and had a chat session (with another very helpful, courteous person) who explained that the reason for the message about roaming was due to the fact that the device was still in the &#34;porting process&#34; and is not actually able to be used as a phone until the # is ported which she said could be up to 72 hours :(.  I'm just beyond 24 hours so, hopefully, it will complete before too long.  I'm happy I still have about 6 days left on my straight talk account because the old device has to be up and running throughout this process.  I'm still excited about this phone and looking forward to using it but thought I would give a little heads up info so the next buyer doesn't wait until the last minute to change over from one account to the other.

The phone is just like a Samsung Galaxy...it has everything within a smartphone with extra storage space...I will order another one for my son. Great phone.

Love it great price too.

i looking for a phone with the possibility of change de SIM, i bought that MOTO G, repeat the phone is good, but is not what i'm looking. so I lost 100 u$s. take care about that.

Best price of a smartphone, no contract, no documents, with the typical characteristics of a leader Motorola.Look at other amazon sites offered the best plan for my personal condition.

I bought this phone for my 12 year old grandson.  I thought I would be able to buy various amounts of prepaid minutes ($30, $60, etc which he could carry over if he didn't use all of his minutes).  However, the only plan that comes with this phone is a monthly rate of $45.00 per month.

I had been looking at getting a new smartphone on a prepaid verizon plan. I compared prices and ratings between the Moto G and the Iphone and decided on the Moto G. I am very pleased with my decision. I would recommend this phone to friends, family and anyone else looking for a great phone.

The wife family and friends jumped for joy after I finally got rid of my flip phone and to be honest this Moto G was the perfect transition phone for me.  I'm by no means into today's latest technology but this phone is very user friendly and will make a great first smart phone for anyone out there in the market for one. The user guide wasn't much help but the phone was fairly easy to figure out,  Also youtube  had many wonderful tips and user information. Nothing more need be said about this wonderful phone, The reviews say it all.

THANK YOU MOTOROLA &VERIZON WIRELESS!!!!!!!! Finally a prepaid phone that can keep up with everyone else. Its amazing I love it. I live out in the country and my phone is is also my internet provider I use it for EVERYTHING, and it hasn't let me down yet. So far not a single problem
