
Omg I love my pink phone , I transferred my safelink account to this trackphone. I don't really care for the internet service on this phone because I use my iPad for all those social networks but this phone is perfect for texting and talking. Plus it's so cute!

Very nice phone.  Great price also.  I upgraded from a LG 800g but I liked that one too.

just a different color case, but it is still a good tracfone (not as good as the new Android phones, but the best of the older releases)

#1 reason:  Unfortunately, I am unable to connect it to my car Bluetooth speaker system.  Even took it to the dealership as advised by Mercedes Customer Care rep. The service manager tried several times before saying it was not compatible. Never considered this would be a problem since this LG was an upgrade from the phone I was replacing!  So, I had to purchase a headset which is definitely not an adequate substitute.#2. The screen continually has to be unlocked after only a few seconds. Also, it's not easily opened, takes several tries with my finger or with use of the Stylus.Barbara Z.

very inexpensive, nice phone for the price. i love that it has internet access. my other tracphone felt really cheap, this phone has weight to it. great buy!

You have to use T9, or numeric keys to enter contacts and data. Luckily the QWERTY keyboard comes up to text. Its nice for the money, I was just hoping for more. Still cannot get it to work correctly on my home internet :o(

Fast ship and item is just what  I expected.  Very pleased.

Arrived a day ahead of time! Aside from being an adorable phone, I Iove the features of the phone and it is very easy to use. Also, it came at a great price. Love this phone!

THIS PHONE IS JUST AS GOOD AS ALL OF THE FANCY I PHONES. IT MEETS MY NEEDS WITH TRIPLE MINUTES. EXCELLENT BARGAIN. I WOULD RECOMMEND TO OTHERS.

i got it for a friend and she loved it,  I wish they had the pink when I ordered mine last year.Really cute in pink!

I love this phone.  Upgraded from the lg 800g and this is a much better phone.  transferring my number with tracfone was seamless, easy, took only minutes.  Better reception in my home than with the 800 and I love that this one has WIFI!  Couple this with the book LG840g tips & trics available on Amazon and I'm off and running!The first phone I received had no sound.  I emailed, received a response within an hour, and the replacement arrived 3 days later withe a preprinted, prepaid mailing label to send the defective phone back.  Incredible customer service!  I will definately deal with thsi company again!

Wonderful phone, Love the triple minutes!!

I upgraded to this phone from a basic Tracfone.  Very nice and inexpensive upgrade!  I like the keyboard for texting.  But for adding contacts you have to use the old method of pressing through the alphabet.  Has some nice features like calendar, setting alarm reminders, ability to play music, ability to connect to internet via wifi and not use up minutes, and many more. Definitely easier and quicker to use than a basic Tracfone.

I am not a 'pink' gal...however, couldn't pass up the great buy, and, covering it with a gel case...no problem, good bye...pink.  In my area the 'smart' phones don't work anyway, so this was the next best thing.  So far I can not complain at all...upon opening package and turning the phone on, all worked as it should, and now I have a new play thing to explore.  I would definitely suggest it to anyone who doesn't have the capacity to use a 'smart' phone, due to area coverage, or someone who just doesn't feel the need to have one.  It's a great little phone at a great price...and, don't forget...3x minutes!

love my new tracfone all the features works great works perfect, I would recommend this phone to any one who wants a great phone at a great price.

Pretty much does all the things I need. I am glad I got this phone. I like the color pink also....

I like this phone, because it is just what I was looking for.I get triple the minutes every time I add minutes. It is simple to use,and light weight.

after using this phone:  volume went very low.  if this happens turn off and wait it will come back to normal sound.

My daughter LOVES this phone!!!!!. it has everything that a Gal could ask for at a price that Daddy can afford!!!. Thanks Amazon and Trac-Fone. Buy one!!!!

I love this phone.. It has everything I wanted in a phone.. I'm not much on those fancy phones so this one fits me perfect.. It is easy to understand and work. The camera is nice too. I liked it soo much that I ordered another one..

The phone arrived on the date as scheduled. It was very easy to activate, and is very nice for the low price. It has everything and more that I need in a phone. I am not an every day user, so this is really quite nice.

I have this phone and got one for my sister. We both love it and especially the triple minutes. Does pretty much everything we require.

Dealing with Tracphone to get things activated is like being beaten to death by a woodpecker. Long and painful. Phone is super small and you have to hold it sideways to use keyboard. Free case that came with phone was cracked on delivery. Stylus is cool though.

The LG840G is a very good phone. This is my 2nd one that I purchased as a gift to my girl friend. SHE NEEDS THOSE TRIPLE MINUTES!!!!  Thanks Amazon.com

I bought this cell phone for a young girl relative and it has worked out very well. She uses it to text a lot and the keyboard is easy for her to use. The price and delivery were excellent it was a very good deal one of the better buys I have made on Amazon.

This is the best little phone out there that isn't an android. No, this little baby still runs on a java platform. Therefore, it is still a little limited, but so easy to use. It incorporates the touch interface which operates much like a standard android. Touch response is about 4.5, on a scale of 1-5. Its only real shortcoming is the limited apps it can run, but I don't want my phone junked up with all that mess anyhow. I check in on facebook now and then, which costs you zero minutes if you use the wi-fi function. But even if you use the minutes, it generally uses less than texting a picture, but that depends on how long you stay on and whether you look at pictures while you're there. Picture texting seems to go on the size of the picture, so you can use anywhere between 1-3 credits sending a picture. Balanced out with the other features, this isn't a big deal to me. Triple minutes helps defray the cost and it is way cheaper than any contract phone. Memory is expandable with a micro sd card, up to 32gb, should you wish to keep your music and pictures on it. The camera is so-so, but it's a phone camera, what do you expect.All around, I'm happy with this little android-that-isn't...and that's coming from someone who has owned an android before. It's so much fun to use and I don't see the need to upgrade for a while. I would highly recommend it.4/11/14:Important tip:I failed to mention in my original review that you should turn Wi-Fi off when out of range of any Wi-Fi signals. The phone will continue to search for the non-existent signal and it will drain the battery in a couple of hours. If you're within range, you can leave Wi-Fi on all day and it won't do this.

For my taste I don't really lik eit too much. To text it's a touch key pad, which I know it's the thing now & my fingers are slim yet I continuously have to edit as more than one letter gets touched. I prefer the key board way for texting. I dislike how I cannot set 10 minute snooze intervals it's 5 minutes or 15...wtheck. I do not like how I can't see the number or name of who is sending me a text.The phone is cute, it's just the little personal issues for me.

Phone quality is awesome. Makes calls and has speaker.  Voice quality is excellent.  Both to speak and hear. Text is large and easy. Phone has some great things going for it.1st - It does a great job being a phone.2nd - Display is large enough to see3rd - user friendly4th - great price5th - no contract and can load minutes as needed to stay active.6th - no pressure+ the phone is not smarter than I am. I can easily answer calls, send text messages, make outgoing calls and even send pictures and videos.  Can see where I am with minutes and activation days.Highly recommend to anyone tired of being held hostage by a cell phone company.LG makes great products and now I have one.

Activating the phone was a little difficult, but after 10 minutes tracfone recognized and activated it. I could make calls out with it. Trouble was, after activation, I still did not know what ITS number was. So, no one could phone me since I could not tell them the number. After an hour of trying to determine the number, including an email to their tech support, I gave up. Tech support required the phone number in order to email them, but I DID NOT KNOW THAT NUMBER AND THAT'S WHAT I WANTED TO KNOW.I finally phoned their 800 number even though I dreaded this; many reviewers have complained about this, mentioning attempting to converse with people whose English is their fourth language.I was very LUCKY. The woman I talked to could have been from California; her English was perfect. (Turns out, she was in the Philippines.) She was very helpful, and although we walked through several troubleshooting processes that took about 20 minutes, she helped me determine my phone number.So, although this works and the phone rings when I dial this number, the phone itself still does not know its own number. This does not seem to matter, though it's a disappointing glitch somewhere in its s/w.The phone supports Bluetooth, but apparently not for my Bluetooth keyboard, which is what I wanted to use. The phone KB is QWERTY, but is so small that it's not easy (for me) to use. Apparently the phone's Bluetooth is only for headphones.The phone supports wifi, and I was able to get the phone to connect to my home n/w. However, surfing the web is not possible, for me. The screen is so small that I need a microscope to read the text. Yes, I can zoom in, but then I can see only 3-4 words of text.I hoped to use the wifi feature to connect to my gmail and yahoo mail accounts. However, I have been unable to find the correct configuration details. I tried copying the various passwords and SMPT data from my iPad (which had no trouble from the getgo with email), to no avail.Bottom line, I guess this phone will be ok for plain old phone calls, but (for me) nothing else.

This cute little phone does everything I want, and more. I use it to check e-mail and facebook regularly. The 3x minutes is super. Activation was fast and easy on the tracfone facebook page, NOT through the phone in customer service. Can't beat this price! No regrets!Edit - I took this phone to Alaska with me and was easily able to stay in touch with family via e-mail and Facebook. Even posted a couple of photos. I'm very happy with it.

I lost my phone that I had for a long time, with all the pictures and numbers we acquire. I was kinda hoping it would re appear as soon as I bought this. However I activated this phone yesterday. I love all the features and the ease of use. This is basically a phone and a mini tablet.

I paid $10 for this phone and it is a really really big bang for your buck!!! I only use it for texting and calling and it is perfect for that! it looks very nice and works just fine!

was smaller than I thought but love it.

Excellent deal on a good phone. Want a smart phone? Not for you. Want a great phone for talking and text? This is it.

I purchased this a month ago ,it's brand new and very cute cellphone plus it's very girly just love it. And I saw it today and the price is even way cheaper,half price for what I paid... This is a very good deal , because every time you wanted to put an airtime in your phone you can have triple minutes . I was thinking about to purchase another one .

I purchased this item for my mother because I have a similar item and absolutely love it.  My mother (who is 84) was very jealous of mine so I got her one for another Christmas present.  Well, mine is a snap to use and although a &#34;smart phone&#34; is a little hard for my mom to figure out, it is a great item.  I am walking her through the usage, even though it is VERY easy to use.  I especially like the triple minutes for life feature.  People, as long as you load minutes prior to when your service date is up, with Tracfone you do not lose your minutes.  Please consider this item......much, much better than a contract and ,really, I can't seem to use the minutes up to tell ya' the truth.  I wish mine was this adorable pink!!!  Tracfone does everything the contractual phones do.......internet, text, pics, drawing program, etc..  Great product!!!

It was very easy to understand. Was the first time I've ever text. Triple minutes you can't be. I was able to take pictures of my grandchildren and send them to people and I understand how to do it. I had looked into getting an iPhone besides the fact the phone itself was so expensive there is no way I would pay $80 a month for the service. This is perfect for some one who does not need or want to be on the phone all the time! I have already talked about 10 people into buying this they should give me a discount!  I even bought three for gifts and everybody is happy.

bought this for a friend and she loves it very easy too use and no problems . will buy one for myself soon.

I bought this phone for emergencies. It fits perfect in my purse. I bought discounted minutes online, set up was easy. Received triple minutes and extended expiration date. So I paid $19.40 for 230 min and 150 days of service. Comes out to around $4.50 a month for service. Call quality is great, better than the big network I was in contract for the past 10 yrs. No talking over each other. Texts are easy to send and receive. Pictures came out fine. I was able to set it up with my home network wifi with no problems, but don't really plan on using it for the web. I like the fact you can have your minutes and service days on your screen, so no guessing what minutes you have to use or days left.It's good for a basic touch screen phone. The only thing I don't like about it is the maximum time for screen light is 60 secs. Also the buttons at the bottom are halfway hidden by a black band. Still it's a great little phone.

I was delighted how inexpensive this phone was! I really like the camera in it--always handy no matter where I am.I was also thrilled that the SIM card working immeditately. Last time I got a LG840G phone on Amazon, I couldn't usethe phone until TracFone sent me another SIM card.  Pink is cute too!

Just what I wanted a pink phone. The LG 840g is touch screen. Getting use to the screen and extra features of the phone. Great so far and loving it.

i love this phone why because its pink it can fit in to your hand i had a grovement tracfone so what i did i swich my goverment tracfone to my new tracfone and now my monthly mints come one the pink tracfone its a upgrade from the phone i had before i took the sd card and i put it into my bill phone and i added some music so yeah the phone it is a nice one glad i got it and will buy another one later on thank you ohh and the shipping was fast i got it a day before the due date  so thats was good to

I have had Tracfone for several years and wanted a replacement. This phone has exceeded my expectations. Easier to use than I had thought. Definitely a great buy.

This is an excellent semi-smart phone; it makes texting for amateurs simple, and the price we paid for this one almost makes me feel like we had it given to us.

This was the best deal i have made so far.The phone works great has video bluetooth and transfer of photos to pc is a breeze. the touch screen menu is easy to use and understand coming from a former flipphone user that says alot. The price of 9.99 was great i would reccomend this phone anytime for a first time touch screen user simple and easy i love it!

I got this phone as a gift to my mother. She enjoys it as it suits her needs and she send me photos of my children when she has them after school lets out.

i bought this because i needed a tracfon, but wanted an android that i could afford.  the only thing i dont like is that i cant make my songs on my memory card my ringtone. thats the only flaw.  i priced the same phone, but it was plain black, it was double the price i paid on here. would recommend  to those who need a good but cheap phone.

My old Tracfone died and I wasn't ready to dish out the big bucks for an Android or Iphone, so I bought this one. It's NOT a smartphone, but is somewhat similar to one. It has many more features than my old LG flip phone from Tracfone. I've had it a few weeks now and love it. The voice quality is very good, the camera is just okay, it's easy to use most of the features but haven't figured out how to use the internet part yet. Went to Starbucks to get free wifi and noodle around with it, but not much luck. Will have to ask for help on this I'm afraid. I'm very pleased with this phone so far and would definitely recommend it. I also bought a decorative case and clear screen protectors.

I bought this very recently. I researched it a bit first, and knew what to expect. The phone was very inexpensive, and the quality of the phone and its features is worth the price. It would be nice if there were more games, apps, etc, but it is better than nothing. The camera quality is what you would expect; it isn't the greatest, but it isn't the worst I have ever used. If you want a smart phone with a lot of features that is the latest and greatest, this is not the Droid you are looking for. If you need a phone with WiFi, email, and Bluetooth, for a very decent price then this is certainly worth trying.

I...  Love... This...  Little...  Phone!  I use it for texting mostly.  Bought the $100/yr deal which gave me 3600 mins plus 600 bonus, plus I get 3 texts per minute.

I love this little gem!  It makes great calls, the camera is good....it connets to the Wi-Fi so I don't have to use minutes for the internet...all and all it is worth every cent I paid!  the shipping was early...thank you shop cell deals:)

Great Phone for the price,i will recommend this phone for anybody that is not willing to spend so much on a very good phone.

The phone does a good job, was very affordable and had good ratings by other users.  Would prefer a larger keyboard in some services but still an excellent value.

Amazed by this phone for the price.  Only wish it had a way to block unwanted callers and senders of texts. Picks up the tower instantly.  Haven't tried wifi yet.  Comes with a 2GB micro sd card.  Wish it came in other colors for the same price!!

OK THIS WAS A JOKE PHONE.  FOR 10.00 MY 16YEAR OLD WAS GOING TO HAVE A FIT!!!  BUT SHE THOUGHT IT WAS SO CUTE AND IF SHE BREAKS HERS SHE GET TO USE IT......

I love this phone.  Easy to use and very attractive.

i had this phone for some time now and it still work i had a ugly tracfone so i brought this one swiched it and now my mints come on this phone but it about to be a newyear soon so im about to get a new tracfone soon but i still love this one alot
