
This phone is a great deal!!!  I had a  Google LG Nexus 4 that got water damaged and didn't have the extra cash for the Nexus 5.  The phone is fast and has a huge display.  I no longer need to replace my broken screen android tablet now that I got this.  I also love the fact that this new phone has 2 sim card capability and has the MicroSD card slot something the Nexus 4 & 5 lack for extra storage.  Great bargain for what you get. If it was branded Samsung it would easily be $600.00

BLU of Miami has always done right by me and it's the 3rd phone I've owned of theirs. Different models each year. They keep improving in the design and quality and responsiveness. I'm very pleased with it. I ordered next day air to ground delivery and it arrived right on time with the UPS service.

So far this has been a great phone. I bought it because of the dual sim capability. I use one sim for work and my personal sim for data. It receives call on either phone number.

This phone is great no problems. I'm loving it!!!!!

Great phone.  I was leary based on the cost.  The manual and website tell you absolutely nothing and the "tech" support for blu service do not seem to answer the phone...(waited 2 hours and finally gave up).  I had a lot of questions when I was researching the phone... such as what kind of sim card does it take found out it takes a regular size (not micro or nano).  I get 4g service.  Phone screen is great...I've watched tv on my phone via slingbox and in hd it looks good.  Ya it's no amoled screen but to most it won't matter.  It takes a micro sd card.. website states up to 64 however I found other sites where people have issues, so I stuck with a 32 bit.  One thing I wasn't too impressed with was bluetooth.  It connects with my car head unit however my pandora used to automatically sync with the stereo and I could see what was playing on the head unit... now only the music comes across.... no big deal.  It always seems to skip as well when first starting any music so I have to pause it... once I do it works fine.  Camera is nice, just remember to take the small piece of plastic off the lense.  Blu keeps saying it will update the os to kitkat.  I'd like that but I'm ok with the current as well.One month update: Still love the phone.  Downloaded a few apps to help save battery and I can get almost a full day of talking, texting and surfing with no issues. App is DU battery saver. It does adjust the timeout and screen brightness but I adjusted it a bit.  The only thing I'm still waiting for is a case. I want a better case to protect the phone than what it came with.  as far as kitkat.... I'm not sure I want to upgrade to it when it comes out because you can't move stuff to the sd card from what i read where as right now I can store most apps on the sd card to keep memory free

Love my phone.  The best yet. It's great for the price I was expecting a cheap feel but it's light weight slim and I love it. Inspired of the lack of memory I have a memory card to take care of that problem. The fast shipping had me overwhelmed.  Im inlove with the screen size.  Fabulous.

I love it going to buy a bigger one screen size great enjoy watching movies needs more space. Works wonderful on AT&T network speed okay. I own Samsung Galaxy Note II this phone not bad

very good phone, fast, good look, nice back camera, super flash light. strongly recommend this phone, WiFi work very good

It operates very well.

For the price you cannot get anywhere near 5.5&#34; display. The hardware is actually nice, everything runs smooth and you can multitask easily. Phone is constructed well, it's very light and sturdy kind of feels like a Samsung Note3/S4.My only Con that I was well aware of before I bought it was the screen resolution. The screen displays good but the resolution is so low everything is huge and blurry around the edges. I've been spoiled with an HTC ONE (M7) and a Samsung Galaxy S4 before I got this phone. I can really tell a difference between! *This would be a great phone for someone coming over from Apple or a first time Android user.*With all that said, I love the design and I like the phone but this is not a long term answer for me, just a cheap stop gap solution. If you are not worried about the screen this is a great buy and I will suggest it to others. I am a big fan of BLU and will most likely get one of their high end phone soon.

Before I bought this phone, I was the proud owner of a pink BLU Life Play. I wanted a bigger phone (gluttony) and after careful research I picked the Studio 5.5S. However I ended up RETURNING it getting another one and having to return that one too because:1)While I loved the size (perfect for reading and watching movies), the phone even with the provided case on felt slippery. I felt that I could drop it at any time.2) There were no decent cases for the phone.  I searched and looked but to no avail. I love color and I was not going to settle for a rinky dink black TPU case.3) the phone is SLOW. This is what made me just give up on the BLU Studio 5.5S. I use to own the Iphone 4s and galaxy 4 and I am NOT comparing it to those. But the slowness was just too slow. I would start to type in messenger and it would freeze all the time. Websites would not load on my HOME wifi. It was a mess!4) DOES NOT RUN 4G on US ATT and Tmobile.The great thing though is the PRICE. I couldn't deal with the slowness but my mom probably could. Parents this is the phone for your irresponsible teenager.The phone itself is beautiful. I loved the size! Everywhere I went people commented on its 5.5 in screen. I didn't mind it not fitting in my evening clutch because it was a conversation piece. The white color with the silver line oin the botton and black edge give it a sophisticated look comparable to the Samsung Note 3.All in all good price for an okay phone. I would do BLU again just not the Studio 5.5S.

This is an awesome phone for the price. They supply a phone skin that help protecting the phone but it also blocks the sound if you place the phone on any flat surface or a leather sofa....camera is very impressive. Screen loosesits sharpness and clarity....overall its a 4G and 3G dual sim phone that works great in my sterling heights area....iI dedefinitely recommend this phone. My wife has a blue 5 s.but this is greater, so am planning to get her my 5.5 s sooner.

I love this phone! It is super fast it has a great camera 8mp, it's easy to use, calls are clear! The screen is huge the same as a Note 3 5.5&#34;. So ready to through my iPhone away!!!

I read all reviews before I bought it. The phone has great display from edge to edge, it is fast, works very good with Tmobile. The internet works very fast from Tmobile and from wifi as well. H+ speed is not slower from 4G LTE. The internal speaker could be a little louder. Loud speaker is very loud. The headphones which came with the phone are not the best quality, but it works with other headset, FM radio works with other headsets as well. Other than that everything is very good and I don't see any reason to pay 500 to 700 dollars for the phone this size. I really like it and if it last long enough I will be buying more blu phones for the rest of my family. I am giving 5 stars.Update: The phone stopped working after 25 days. All the bottom buttons(touch screen) -home,back,settings stopped working.  I removed battery, restarted several times. Did not help. I don't know if its mine or all of them work for 1 month only. I will return, already called Amazon. Don't know if I am getting  same model.

If I had posted this review when I first got the phone, I probably would have given it a 3, but after having for almost a week (6 days) I can say it deserves 5 stars. I researched the phone thoroughly, almost obsessively, before buying, and although the lack of memory was a concern I decided it was worth a try for the price. I had a GS3 before on T-Mobile, then Walmart Family Mobile and really have been wanting a bigger phone but those price tags were intimidating. But this phone is worth every penny so far.PROS... ITS BIG. Not huge. Perfect for what I needed. Its sturdy. Doesn't feel cheap at all. Runs great. While I'm big on user interface and being able to personalize, I'm not a techy and didn't know much about what band it runs on or anything like that, but signal is great, I don't drop any calls, SMS/MMS are no problem. I get H+ as the highest connection. Its not 4g, but I'm not complaining. The camera is a pro for me. I take the average amount of pics and no complaints. I think that's that...CONS... There is some kind of issue when I try to connect my Beats headphones or the auxiliary cable in my car. Headphones and my Bluetooth headphones work fine. But when I try the other 2 half the music plays from the speakers and the other from the phone. The fucq? Lol... Also, for the first couple days it wouldn't connect to my WiFi at home. Thank goodness I have a good data connection. It randomly resolved the problem itself. And honestly it still acts up now and then, but it does actually connect. Its running on it right now even. I also had to do quite a bit of personalizing so it would feel like my phone. It came pretty basic. Samsung spoiled me in that way. But with Go Launcher and its personalization apps (saved to my 8 gb SD card to save my limited memory) I'm a happy woman once again.Its not a perfect device, and even with those cons its still worth 5 stars to me. Blu has probably found a customer for life if this remains a quality product.

The software is great . size allow me to check my email and open and read the attachments . dual sim work excellent so I only have one thin phone in my pocket . comes with a case and screen protector .wish BLU had put on the screen protect the do it yourself left bubble and dust under it .The battery life is 12 hrs so every morning and afternoon  u have to charge . the wall charger works best charge from pc USB takes awhile . when battery is low the screen stick a bit .Great phone like the cameras 8mb flash . Skype viber  whatsApp . all social apps .Battery .. Needs improvement.. Great for the price.

This is a good phone. I wanted to buy samsung but did not have enough money and a friend recommended studio 5.5S. I am really enjoying the phone because it is comfortable, has large memory, other people admire it when they first saw it with me. I don,t see why u should be spending hundreds of dollars to buy samsung when studio 5.5S does same job and is even cheaper. i will recommend this phone to any buyer. I am enjoying it. the camera is good, the shape is so fancy,

Great phone!!! My friend just bought one too and loves it. It is a very good price for such a great phone...

Everything works on the phone except the SD card will not show up in it. Everything else is ok, and I am using the Metro Service on it, in which, will have nothing to do with the hardware. I am disappointed that the SD card slot does not work cause that defeats a lot of the phones purposes.

Very good phone don't Ave any problem with i yet

I bought the Blu Studio 5.5S from net10 online.  It has a 6 Megapixel camera, Not 8, as advertised everywhere.  I can find no decent documentation.  I used a pin to lock, and find I have been unable to reverse this.  Drops calls frequently, so I am back to my 4 year old lg800 that works perfectly as  phone.**************UPDATE*******************I am wrong about Camera it is * mega pixel.  When you go to Camera settings and switch from Preview mode the camera will go from 6 o 8 Mega pixel.  Also I found pin lock unlock is under root settings by putting in pin under security it can be turned off.  So I am Liking Blu More now.  I will give it 4 stars with the dropped call problem under net10 at 3G.  Other carriers and other areas then Boston may do better.Anyway I am actually liking Blu and they did respond via e-mail where there Phone support is almost impossible to get through on.  Aside from that people say the quality of transmission while talking is great.  Maybe I will try one of the cheaper Blu's as a phone backup.So 4 STARS for me.. Sorry.

This phone is wonderful for $165. If you need a smartphone or just want to try out something in the &#34;phablet&#34; size this is a great phone. I got this phone because my shattered Galaxy S4 Active's screen stopped responding and needed something to tithe me over until the end of my contract.Pros:$1655.5inch screenBuild quality is astounding for priceComes with a case, headphones, screen protector, and flat cable micro usb, power brick.Does it's job as an Android smartphoneCons:Low pixel density1gb of RAM (doesn't multitask well at all)The skin on top of Android isn't as fast as Nova LauncherBlu hasn't put out Android 4.4 yet and it isn't confirmed(Not exactly a con) The phone slips out of my hands all the timeThe screen protector mine shipped with wasn't packaged properly and was stuck to the inside of the boxOverall, $165 is a great value and if you need a phone around this size or want a budget device, this phone works perfectly.

being such a new phone i was a bit nervous about buying it but now i have no regrets. the camera is great, the size is great for persons with a larger hand, its key on responsive to every touch and it has some pretty nice features. the phone itself is just great. i received it on time and i have absolutely no regrets. Thanks ALLOT!

It's a little bigger than I expected, but an awesome phone. Works perfectly. I have not had any problems with lag or freezing. I will definitely be going with this brand again.

Great phone runs great with t Mobil . I'm a blu fan now.  great price and great phone. Will recommend to buy.

I love the cell I had a Samsung galaxy SII  and this one work better and have better service. I recommend this cell.. And you can decide to go with AT&T or straight talk. I went with straight talk cheaper service

A nice beginner phone. But cheaply made. Went to put in SIM card and the  slot broke. Disappointing I'm not new st this and its first time that has ever happened.

phone came with everything you need to start with like a flexiable case that fits the phone a screen protector and headphones. for the price the phone is amazing and it also came unlocked

this screen is huge, nice display, and apps work good.

i just got the phone yesterday and I love everything about it, i love the size, picture quality, and especially the camera. internal memory is not a lot but i have purchased a 32gb SD card so am pretty set with memory space. i would definitely recommend a buy on this especially for the price!!!!

I bought this phone as a replacement for my broken locked AT&T phone.  Placed my sim card in and the phone worked immediately.  I have had no issues with the phone up to this point and would recommend this phone to anyone looking to replace a contract AT&T phone.

I ordered this phone after returning a Moto G which had battery problems. I have been using the phone for a few weeks and have had no real problems with it. The screen is good, with excellent viewing angles. It has dual sim, a replaceable battery, micro SD slot, fast quad core processor and a decent enough amount of ram.  It aslo comes with a silicon case and screen protector. Android Kit Kat is supposedly on the way next month. The only slight issue was that the mains USB charger did not work although this is not a major problem as I use my computer's USB to charge it. All in all I would highly recommended this phone and the customer service is very good should you encounter any issues with your phone. I am quite impressed.

Love this phone!!  Crystal clear display, huge 5.5 screen, clear phone reception and super fast!  Had a little trouble at first but took it to Radio Shack and they did something to the data setting.  So it went from the Edge to 3G and all was well.  I work it with Net10 and I couldn't be happier.

Great buy, it met all my expectations. Would definitely recommend to others.

The only bad thing about this phone, are the headphones. Only the headphones that came with the phone work on the phone, and to use the radio app you must have these headphones in. This isn't a big deal because the phone itself is great, but once the headphones the phone came with break I'm not really sure what they expect you to dodl. Great phone, I am a little upset that when I bought it, it was 198 and two week later they dropped the price $20 on amazon but I guess that's just the way the cookie crumbles.

the phone its not like what they say it don't work on 4g network and the camera low resolution waste of money

Excellent cellphone, it have more or less the specifications of a galaxy note 2. I love it and I will recomend this brand (BLU) to other persons. Love the screen that it 5.5&#34;, is quadcore, good processor. I live in Puerto Rico and I use TMobile and it runs very good here.The only thing that I change of the cell is the pixels of the camera. The camera is 8 megapixels so I would it upgraded it to at least 12 megapixels.

Good Phone...

I bought this phone and it freezes turns off on its own. Not fair that i only had it a month and can't exchange it

Hard to get replacement battery. How can I get a replacement battery? Urgent please!!!!!!!! Tell me where I can get the battery for BLU 5.5 S D630u

A real great phone

Excellent phone!!, nothing to envy to a samgung or other expensives brands

BUT YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET IT WAS A CHEAP PHONE AND WORK LIKE A CHEAP PHONE! I WOULDNT BUY FROM THEM AGAIN

Excellent phone, nice upgrade from dell 5. can be used as a Wi-fi hotspot. Looking for a good case.

trying using it with sims card local carriers ( one LTE 4 G , the other AWS  carrier), it did not work as i thought it should, only one sim is card active or working properly

I was looking for a reliable phone that is fast, with a good camera, and a large screen. This phone is exactly what I was looking for. It is not an LTE phone but I could not tell the difference since it runs using HSDPA (4G) with my carrier and it's just as fast! The screen is very responsive to the touch. I have tried other phones in this price range and usually the screen does not respond the way it does with this phone and the pictures look great.  Some of the reviewers have complained that the memory is only 4gb. Big deal! I purchased a 16gb mini sd card.You may notice that it is a little awkward to put the mini sd card and one reviewer mentioned that they put tape on the piece of metal that sits on top of the sd card. There is no need to do that, the metal is supposed to snap from the front when you input the sd card and when you place the phone cover over it, the sd card will stay in place fine. Keep in mind that you are not purchasing a Samsung Galaxy and don't expect it to perform like a Samsung Galaxy, but you are still getting a great reliable phone at a great price and I couldn't be happier with it.Update on 05/25/2014Everything mentioned above was my experience for the first two weeks of owning this phone, however, on the third week of using the phone, the touch screen became very inconsistent. Some of the keyboard letters have to be pressed a couple of times before getting a response, and at times works in slow motion. I really liked this phone when I purchased it but ended up being a disappointment. I recently returned the phone and originally left 5 stars but I had to edit it to three stars.

I absolutly love this phone. Internet is fast. Pictures look great. It is really an amazing phone forvthe price!; I would recommend it

Great phone and it  has better signal reception than my wife's Samsung Galaxy 3. I can pick up towers and locations were my wife's phone fails to receive any signal. The phone has loud crisp speakers that make Spotify sound very very good.It is a fast responsive phone when dealing with the apps and call sound very good and clear.... Also works great with Straight Talk.. Netflix plays without any buffering lag and the camera, recorder are clear and sharp. Netflix is clear and crisp.... I had this phone since the end of May and will be getting one for my wife in 2 months when her plan runs out.......Overall I am very very happy with the quality of the phone it is light weight and has a large screen.....

Overall the phone is great.  The one issue that I have is how to install the MICRO SD CARD into its slot.  Does anyone know why it won't go in straight?  Also the phone won't do WIFI calling.  In some I locations that is an issue due to reception.

The micro SD slot of this phone only accepts a card up to 32gb as most of the other Blu models, NOT 64gb as advertising.  I am so disappointed when I receive a phone NOT as I expected it based on Amazon advertising.  I felt cheated and could not imagine that Amazon made a seriously wrong statement like that.  I am regret that I have to subtract 2 stars, but I think 3 stars will get more attention.  Please note that these stars have nothing to do with the phone performance.UPDATE: There are several cons on this phone:1- The Android version on this phone lack some functions such as create a folder, user friendly for uninstalling an app... Again, I have to download apps for these functions.2- Don't expect the battery last for long, meaning you have to charge it everyday.  It will not last all day if heavily used! An extra battery costs $25 on eBay.3- Only about 1.8gb internal storage available because Android platform takes more than 2gb, so you certainly need a micro SD card installed.Pros:1- Very nice and sleek design.  It doesn't feel cheap.  I love how it looks.2- It is fast.3- I expect the phone will last very long, but time will tell.In the early update I thought there was no zoom option for the camera, but actually I was wrong.  I appologize for that mistake.  Use 2 fingers to spread out or close in for zooming in or out.

as good as the Samsung mega at half the price! replaces my iPod, tab 2 7in, and phone.  Using it with Straight  Talk $45 unlimited &#34;Bring Your Own Phone&#34; talk, text & data plan and love it.

I'm not sure who has been reviewing this phone but they are so off unless the one I got is really defective.What attracted me to the phone was that the touchscreen was so responsive, no not this one. first off, it was delivered for free one day early(YEAH!). Ok so I'm all happy I got my new phone tried to turn it on, it would not turn on. took out the battery which is very loosely fit btw, turned on the phone without the cover...that worked. then I get to typing, the &#34;C&#34; is not working right...I had to keep going until I got one. downloaded a swpye app. &#34;C&#34; still not working. turned off and on the phone, it played with the idea of working for a while then its working fine. Next day, woke up, had missed calls and messages cant enter password, screen acting up. fouht with it all night...the description said it came with whatsapp, I had to download it. if there was no glitch in the touchscreen issue, it would be a fantastic phone!

I had this phone for about 3 weeks an its amazing its bigger than I expected an works great takes awsone pictures an its fast , had lil problems but not major Lol its a great phone I recommended to anybody that wants a big fast cheap unlock phone ,&lt;)

It works fine with T-Mobile but sometimes I can't receive pics. I switch to another phone company ( ultra mobile) now I can't send or receive pics. I did everything like reset APN and other things still don't work. I am switching back to T-Mobile.

It's great phone love it.

So I got this phone for my wife the phone worked great for 2 days and then it started to freeze lil by lil.  3rd day the phone freezes and now turns off by its self. We turn it on and it still freezes and then it turns off again and again and again...... Wanted my money back but my wife loved the phone so were gonna give it a second chance, waiting on a replacement but as soon as this replacement starts to freeze that's it will update and give it a better ratting if it works better.....

This phone exceeding my expections. From the phone build to the packaging itself. Can't wait for the Kit Kat update but Jellybean is fine. The phone screen is brighter than what I thought it would be and has great viewing angles... Coming from a cracked screen galaxy s4 you can't tell the different in clarity of things like icons but still clear none the less.the sound in the headphone were better then I thought even thought my first impressions when I looked to the side of them were &#34;cheap&#34; but hey what do you expect for the price and it's all included with a screen protector and everything else you need like a case. I cameras are good expect the front camera in the dark... Haven't seen a night time setting. I didn't think 1gb of ram coming from a s4 would be enough but its just fine on stock android.  I wish I could find different cases or a cover Case for the phone that would be my only real bad thing to say about this phone... I love and definitely thinking about making another blu purchase if my experience in the first week is consistent.

I went to Metro PCS and saw this phone.. It was $499. I wanted the phone so I found it here on Amazon.. I love you Amazon and Thank you CT-Miami LLC. I received my phone on time and fast. It was in tact and was as new as the description said. Excellent phone, great features, love the camera, EVERYTHING.. I love it!

Good phone, I love it.

Love this phone the size is perfect for me and it's doesn't break and the screen isn't easy to crack I've thrown it at my brother a few times my only problems are it's very hard to find good chases and it doesn't take picture well at night

I just got my phone and it is really nice to be able to play games and read the new paper/magazines with out going blind with tiny 6 point letters. It is really fast and has everything you need for a phone.  I decided to go with t-mobile and it seems to be working good with them. It comes with a clear plastic cover and screen cover as well..it seems to work well with the cover on..the camera is really nice too.  For the price, it is much better than anything on the market now...

I bough this cellphone and I have to admit, it's a really good phone; according to the benchmark test, it got 17217, which is comparable to the Samsung Galaxy S3 . The responsiveness, the touch screen is really fast and accurate.My problem now is the camera, it says 8 MP, there is only 3 options, 1 MP, 4 MP and 6 MP. With 6 MP. In video, there is no way to switch from 1080p to 720p, 480p or VGA.When using another language (eg. Spanish), the Setting Menu in camera is overwritten, it looks horrible.The cellphone is Dual SIM and they didn't mention that on the description. I didn't want dual SIM phone.

Phone freezes all the time. Parts of the keyboard won't work unless you reboot the phone first. The sound is terrible with and without headphones. I had a cheap Samsung galaxy blaze that was miles ahead of this phone but it broke so this pos will be a suitable replacement til I can something better so I do not recommend this phone unless you need a cheap replacement.

Love it

Camera is not that good. The phone is light and is good.

At first I was saving up to buy a Samsung galaxy mega. I go tired of waiting to buy a $400 phone so I optioned out and bought this. BEST DECISION EVER. This phone is awesome and works like any other high tech $400+ smartphone. This phone only cost me $177. I am so happy that I bought this phone. The camera could be better(I had an iPhone4 before this).

I have had this phone for 2 days now. I cant find anything to complain about. I had just returned from Bogota Colombia where I had left my LG  at Eldorado airport so of to the store I went. Was looking to get another LG  but they were sold out. The guy at the counter knew I travel a lot so he suggested I look at the BLU 5.5S since it has dual sim cards so no need for another phone in Colombia. Well it looked nice and I played around with it for a minute. Very responsive so I went ahead and made the purchase. At this point I am extremely happy with this phone. Kind of makes me wonder why I need to spend another 100 dollars for a phone. This is thing is smooth, no hiccups. Huge screen, mini tablet, great for watching movies on the plane. If youre not a brand name junkie get this phone. I think this company has a bright future.

This is my second blue phone they are great,  just wish they come with more memory, and accessories available like cases,  juice pack,  .

I like this phone since i bought it and save some money. I have no any negative thing to mention just buy and see .

The SD card holder slide downs and releases to swing up. It swings down and slides up to lock in place and hold the S card. Took me a little time to figure it out. I didn't try to read the directions. The print is so small you need a microscope to read it. This is the best phone yet that BLU had put out. The others are okay but they miss the one thing you need or want. SD card, 8 GIG Phone, Quad Core CPU and most of all a one GIG of RAM. These essentials are a must to make it a great phone. The 4 Gig of memory in a little lacking but really makes up for it with using a 32 Gig SD card and set the phone to use the SD card for storage. Loading you favorite Apps, remember to load a Task Manager. &#34;Task Killer&#34; Is my choice. You'll be able to keep your phone's memory at it's peak. Weather is an important APP and Weather Bug is the best I think. Once you get the Apps you want and using the phone on a daily bases you will really love this phone. I took wedding pictures with this phone and believe they were really quality photos that I enlarged and gav to the couple who were so excited with them. I was really pleases I bought this phone. I went on an Honor Flight too and took pictures and as well they turned out like professional pictures. I Washington DC though the is a photo everywhere you look mostly. I took over 200 pictures and they all came out just wonderful. So if you want a great, this is the one.....Jamie

I like the phone and it works well , except the battery is getting drained very soon.and found Damaged Screen Guard inside the phone packing.

For the last couple of years I have used lower end Android phones. I did extensive research before choosing this phone.  Let me say, this phone puts them and many higher end phones to shame in my opinion. I have had this phone for a month and have had no problem with it. It is fast, responsive, and the phones overall cosmetic design is gorgeous. I often get asked if my Blue is an HTC or a Samsung S3 based on looks alone. I have interacted with both of those phones and I can say that the Blu Studio 5.5S is quite similar to the Samsung S3 (except the my Blu cost significantly less than a S3 bought without a contract).Pros:-The price. When I saw this phone and its specifications I thought it would be at least $350, but I was pleasantly surprised when this phone was roughly half of that.-5.5 inch screen (great for reading and typing emails/documents)-8 megapixel rear camera (with flash) and a 2 megapixel front camera-Android 4.2-Good speaker compared to what I have had in the past-Comes with a phone case and screen protectorCons:-The phone case protects the phone somewhat, but it won't protect against accidental drops like a hard case will-It is hard to find a case other than the one provided that is specifically made for the 5.5S (I solved this by getting a small purse that is just big enough to carry my phone, wallet, keys, etc.)-Nothing about the phone itself.Overall opinion: I would recommend this to anyone who wants a Samsung, but can't afford one. It is sleek and fast. Its expandable memory is great and I really like the overall design of the phone. Although I don't like the case it comes with, it an easy fix if you're creative.

The phone was great but, I recently returned it due to the screen turning black when I was on the phone. I am awaiting my new phone if this problem continues I will remove all stars. I placed four stars because Amazon was great with the return and the credit on my account. I only use Amazon when all possible because of their refund/return policy. I will provide an additional review after two weeks of use of my new phone. I reorder the today.

Had it for a few days and I am surprised that it is as nice as it is. I like it a lot and didn't think the phone would be as clear as it is. The picture is clear, the camera is clear, the performance is great, and the screen is huge. This phone exceeds my expectations and I would recommend this phone to people.

Great phone for the price definitely. It is everything it said it was and set up was simple. I've read others having problems with putting the mini SD card in the trick is the little metal door slides down then lifts up then you press it down over the SD card and slide it down and it locks into place also people are saying the camera is only 6 mp go to camera settings and take preview mode off of full screen and viola 8mp camera. Hope that's helpful. But really I love this phone it's amazing as far as performance and memory problem is solved with an SD card loving it!

Well I was going to order this phone on Amazon. The bad reviews made me buy it from the store. But this is a great phone and works EVERYWHERE. I love it frfr NOW GET YOU ONE! :)(BIGGER THAN S3 and also comes with a cool charger and headphones

ok, i originally ordered this phone from amazon. something happened with the shipper, but amazon refunded the money. i feel like a traitor cause i then ordered from a diferent person on ebay. same color and model. the blu studio 5.5s ... i love it. I am using a straight talk sim card with at&t service. picture messages come thru with no problem. my internet speed is 11mbps i can use my hotspot feature with no problem. the phone is huge. it is bigger than a galaxy s3 and s4. i just got the phone today and it looks great. i have a 32gb sd card so i dont have space issues, but the phone itself has 4gb, and after the preinstalled apps its only about 2gb or less. so you will definitely need a good size sd card. i will answer all questions ... they market this phone as 4g, im not in the 4g area, im in the hspa+ area, and its considered 4g because its faster than 3g. it is actually faster than my wifi. sorry for using ebay amazon.

I bought this phone to replace my phone and to get a better, bigger screen without breaking my pockect. I certainly did made a right choice. This phone is great and lovely. The screen is very fascinating, very fast and the battery is very long lasting. I only charge once a day. The wifi is also very strong in picking up signals compared to my old phone. The first fault I found was the MMS. Whenever I take pictures - which are lovely - and  try to send it through MMS the phone compressed it a lot. I mean a picture of 15MB was compressed to 33kb. This couldn't allow me to send MMS because people complained they can't see anything. Anyway I checked the MMS to see if there are changes that can be done, unfortunately nothing can be done to reverse that. Second, I shop online looking for a better case for the phone, couldn't find none. The silicon case that came with it, only protect the phone from getting dirty. I was in school studying and placed the phone on the table, and the phone made a slight, I mean slight bang on the table not on the floor; and from there on the issue starts. The issue of rebooting itself. I took out the battery, put it back, free the phone from some running apps, charge it, nothing helps. The crazy part is it will reboot just anytime by itself. I was scared so I had to return it. I've dropped my old phone so many times, on the floor, bed, table without any case and is still working; with a few drama but with not rebooting by itself occasionally. Don't get me wrong the phone is very good if only you are lucky to find case for it because once it make a hard contact on solid stuff that's the end .

Love the phone already have it for two months and it works like a charm the only thing I'm waiting for is the update from blu but I'll gladly wait but overall the phone works pretty good and the pictures come out very beautiful would recommend people to buy this phone if ya don't want to spend a lot of money on expensive phones

Phone is a LOT faster than the Blue Dash 5.0, has a brighter flash, better rear camera, better front camera...just overall OUTSTANDING!!!

This phone is great at playing HD Games i have alot of games (ex. The Dark Knight Rises, Modern Combat 4, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and alot more) all of those games run on this phone without crashing or freezing. The battery is great on it, it can last a whole day of usage. The 8MP camera on it is awesome the photos are clear.

they use a little trap door to hold down the micro sdxs 64gb card.... hinged worked twice but after that no longer latches... just sliding it in place wasn't good enough i guess so they came up with this idiotic design....  64gb cards will NOT mount, i've tried three different cards and it ALWAYS reports that the card is damaged even when the card works perfectly well in other devices.... a 32gb card works if you scotch tape down the little door but no 64gb card has worked....  very difficult company to talk to and they have not responded at all to my queries regarding this phone...  VERY BAD PHONE and i am returning it to Amazon today....  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DOG!!!!

I love this phone! Totally worth the money! The only thing I would ask for is the option for different widgets but other than that it's wonderful!

This is the second Blu phone I have had. This studio 5.5s has been a great phone i really like it. Amazon has been awesome to work with they have taken care of any problems I have had.

Great phone. I have had it for a month and love it. Easy setup.

This phone freezes works when it wants to. I wouldn't recommend this phone at all. Size Wise Its OK.

Great phone love the camera front camera eh. Speaker is very loud. Problems I had with this phone is I listen to a lot of music but this phone when I connect it to aux cords it plays partially from the phone and car and does the same for some headphones really killed my vibe. But everything else is great my only problem is the aux jack thing and the fact that there aren't cases for this phone

thanks

I love everything about it no complaint besides the space it was going good till I started getting los bug its still one of the best out here...oh and since its so new I can't find I real good case or screen protector other than the ones it comes with I been searching for 2 months since I had it and still no luck

I absolutely love the phone, I just can't find a case for this model, the d630u... If anyone can help me find one, let me know!!!
