
Absolutely the easiest and best smartphone that I have owned. Cannot find a negative. Perfect clarity using ZAGG smudge-proof screen protector. Slim enough for my pocket using SPIGEN Tough Armor case. Water-resistant. Sound is great; apps are unlimited. All buttons work well thru Spigen case. Plays a picture show on my screen in my vehicle while charging on either the USB 3 or the mini USB cable. Full charge in 30 minutes on USB 3. Have had other smart phones - no comparison. Probably trade up from a second IPhone 5S in a few months.

My wife loves it. The camera is awesome. Beautiful screen. Too small for my taste but it's perfect for her.

Absolutely love this phone.  I switched from the iphone 4s and am very happy.  I was nervous about switching since I have been a long time iphone user but I can say from what I have experienced so far I feel confident I made the right choice.So far I have found a few little things that have made me really enjoy the switch.  The obvious screen size and resolution on the Galaxy S5 are a huge upgrade from the iphone.  The camera and video quality is also far superior on the Galaxy S5. The keyboard that appears when entering text is highly superior to the outdated iphone version.  It may sound small but it is one of my favorite features.  The keyboard has numbers across the top which saves me time from jumping from an alpha keyboard to a number keyboard, which is extremely helpful when entering passwords etc.  Also you have the ability to access other characters such as commas, questions marks, dollar sign, @, and colon from the main keyboard by holding down the corresponding letter, which is another huge time saver.  The auto correct and suggestions based on what you are typing is much better - it is easier to select suggestions, the suggestions are more relevant and also include previous entires such as email addresses, and it is easier to decline the suggestions or auto-corrections.  A few other small things that I really enjoyed was the ease of manipulating photos for wallpaper/background.  I have trouble cropping and using an image on my iphone but was easily able to accomplish it on the Galaxy.  I also found the alarms much easier to set, customize, and create a recurring schedule for.  I haven't gotten to test everything yet and I do have to set up and get used to using Double Twist (downloaded app) to replace itunes for my music but so far I am so happy with my switch from an iphone.Obviously people have different needs, opinions, and biases on what they want in a phone but I am very happy with the features and ease of use of the Galaxy S5 over the iphone.

I've been an Android user for about 4 years now, and this is the best phone I've owned. There are plenty of positive reviews that reflect what a solid phone Samsung has built. I'd like to address some of the special merits this phone has now that I've spent a couple weeks with it. *I'm upgrading from a Motorola Droid Razr Maxx, therefore I can't speak to what makes this phone different from previous versions.*1. Expandable storage - Yes, the phone only comes with 16GB of internal storage. I use a 32GB card and have no space problems with all of my favorite apps installed. Almost all apps that I've downloaded can be moved to the card. I also use it to store photos and videos. All of my music is stored in Google's Play Music cloud.2. Removable battery - This is a unique feature now that I find helpful. It's worth it to buy a back up battery that you keep charged for times when you don't have access to a charger or an outlet. This is especially useful for long trips. I've found that with moderate use the battery lasts about a day and a half after a full charge.3. Disabling apps - Android phones notoriously come loaded up with software, both from the manufacturer and the carrier. Between Samsung and Verizon there are probably a dozen apps that I don't need. Samsung has a feature that allows you to disable apps you don't use. Although it doesn't remove the app from the phone, it removes it from the app drawer and prevents it from running in the background. Out of sight, out of mind for me.4. Fingerprint scanner/heart rate monitor - Okay, these are definitely more on the gimmick side of things and not phone essentials. However, when used correctly both can be useful. I do high intensity interval training and heart rate is a major part of that. I have a Polar heart rate monitor that I use, and I found that the phone is incredibly accurate for measuring BPM by comparing results from the two. There is a companion app called S-health that allows you to keep track of diet and exercise. In an increasingly health conscious world I find that very helpful. The fingerprint scanner is a good layer of security, but make no mistake, if someone is determined to get in your phone they will find a way. It's more of a safeguard just like having a password would be.5. Vibrant launcher (Touchwiz) with lots of customization - Having owned a few Androids the one thing that always bothered me was the &#34;coldness&#34; of the launchers they typically come with. This phone is very colorful and that makes my eyes happy. It's evident that Samsung put a lot of thought into the design of this phone from a software perspective. If you prefer the simplicity of pure Android you'll want to install a custom launcher (there are quite a few awesome ones for free in the Play store) or root the phone.6. It's made of plastic - I immediately put a case on my phone so I honestly don't care what it's made out of. The hardware in this phone far outweighs the material the back cover is made from. However, if aesthetics are a huge concern for you it may not be to your tastes.7. Battery saver - This phone has a couple power saving options. One of these options converts the phone to gray scale and severely limits the amount of processes running to prolong the battery life for days. This is a great feature for people who need their phone on, but don't want to waste battery juice when charging won't be an option for a long time.8. Easy mode/blocking mode/private mode - Each one does vastly different things, and it speaks to the fact that Samsung is appealing to all types of users. Easy mode for people who don't want their smartphone to be TOO smart, blocking mode for turning off pesky notifications during certain times (e.g., turn off phone ringing between certain hours except for certain contacts), and private mode for securing your phone just a bit more. None of these options are on by default so if you don't want to use them, you don't have to. I really like that Samsung baked these features into the phone without making them intrusive. These aren't apps, they are settings.Those are just some of the obvious ways the phone stands out to me. I'll quickly run down a list of things that this phone has that other reviewers love as well: great camera, good battery life, big screen, fast processor, user friendly, good call quality (if anyone is actually concerned about that anymore).If you're already an Android user, this phone will not disappoint. If you're an Apple user thinking about making the switch I suggest you read the return policy (I believe Verizon gives you 15 days). It may not suit your tastes because it is a completely different operating system with a learning curve. I prefer complexity with my phones, but there's a reason iPhones are so popular - a lot of people want a phone they don't have to fiddle with at all.

I've had my S5 for over 1 month. I love everything about it. I bought the S5 because it is the ONLY good phone out there with SD card slot and removable battery. But... I have found that battery life is so good I haven't needed to buy an extra battery.Here is the main reason I am taking the time to write this review. Last weekend I accidentally put the phone in the washer! It was in there at least 15 minutes before I fished it out. It was still on. I shut it off and put it in rice overnight, then dried it under hair dryer. Next day it started up and 100% fine!!! True story. AMAZING!  Since I paid $684 for this phone unlocked I was terrified. This phone is def waterproof as advertised.Phone is wicked fast, gorgeous screen, has latest Kit Kat Google now, I just LOVE this phone after 1 month of use.

Really was excited about the S5 and wanted to love the phone, but sadly after 10 days of use I'm thinking of returning it. My biggest complaints:1) I use Bluetooth a lot (Big Jambox and headphones) and the S5 skips consistently with both devices. My old phone never did that. Called verizon tech support but they couldn't do anything.2) battery life is okay, but not great.  Granted I use my phone a lot, but I expect a phone this big to have a battery that will get me through the day and this often does not.  Why can't Power Saving Mode or Ultra Power Saving Mode be enabled when the battery reaches a certain %? It has to be manually enabled? Doesn't that kind of defeat the purpose?3) the volume is low. Can barely hear folks on speaker in my car. Wish the speakers were on the front like the HTC One4) feels too fragile and awkward for one-hand operation (even with one handed mode enabled)the good:Fast&#34;waterproof&#34;great screengreat cameraeasy to use UIMay give the HTC One M8 a try or the Droid Maxx

It is about the same as the s4 but its good to be updated with the newest version of phone

I've had this phone for 2 months. When I first bought it I had my concerns about the sturdiness of the charging cover. It is held on by a tiny plastic piece which is bound to wear down and break off with daily opening and closing to charge. Well, it did break off in 2 months. This was with me being very careful because I didn't trust the cover. It is not covered under ATT warranty. I can mail my phone to Samsung for a couple weeks while they look at it and decide it'll it was my fault or not. Maybe, I would get lucky and they would fix the cover. But what's the point? To do it all over again in 2 months. I don't think so. I just want to buy a case for it that will cover the exposed charging ports (like the ones Otter makes for the Note) but I can't find one so I guess they don't make them. UghAlso, I upgraded from the s2 when I got this phone and I expected a huge improvement in speed. But I continue to have lag with apps, freezing screens, and slow response time. And it never ants to recognize my fingerprint.  But that is probably user error.The camera is pretty nice. The sound quality is okay.  It is just an okay phone, though.

This phone is awesome! I love the hd amoled screen the most. A lot of features that you learn about as you use it more like dual screen capabilities (doing two things at once). It is truly an awesome phone and so far has exceeded expectations

Full featured phone very smooth with a brilliant display. I've been impressed with the battery life, getting a full day and a half.

I have been up for an upgrade for many months, but nothing piqued my interest until this phone and the HTC One M8 came out.It took me a while to debate between the two phones, but here is what eventually sold me on the Galaxy S5:-Wireless charging option. I plan on getting the replacement back cover and a wireless charger for my desk, as well as a wireless charging car dock-Camera. Higher Megapixels and faster focusing. Low light is still not great, but an improvement. This phone takes pictures very quickly.-Fingerprint scanner. Not as convenient as on the iphone, but still a nice way to unlock the phone.-Battery is replaceable and of significant mAH.-IP67 ratingHere are some other thoughts:-I liked the HTC one M8's dual front speakers, but it added a significant length to the phone, which frankly, all these phones are on the large side already.-I like the aluminum back of the M8, but I know that I would scratch it quickly, it doesn't allow for wireless charging, and is not easily replaceable. In this regard, I actually like that the S5 has a plastic back that is replaceable.-Both HTC and Samsung has some nifty software features with their own flare, and Kit Kat is also nice - on both phones.-the infrared port is fun to play with to control the tv and bluray player, and works quite well.I do plan on adding a tempered glass cover to try out and see how well it works. I am undecided about cases, especially since I intend on wirelessly charging, and the replacement back cover isn't available yet, and most likely will add some thickness. I want to get the wireless charging cover before I look for cases. With the Qi standard, it should be able to charge through the thickness of the case.One reason why I want to wirelessly charge, is to keep the USB 3 door cover closed at all times to retain the IP67 rating, and not have to worry about that as well as wearing out the charging port.Other factors that I generally like about the S5, but were not the deciding factors:-heartbeat sensor-usb 3, faster transfers if I directly connect the phone to the computer, as well as compatibility with a greater number of cables (both 2.0 as well as 3.0 now)-All current wireless standards (including mimo for ac, dual band, etc.)-2.5 Ghz processorThe Galaxy S5 is not THE best in every aspect (I wish it had a better speaker, more abilities from the lock screen, came stock with the wireless charging back, more Ram, etc.), but it is excellent (if not the best) in many areas, and overall for me, was the best option and compromise from what is currently is available.I keep my phones for at least 2 years (my last phone was the Droid Razr MAXX), and I expect to be able to hold on to this phone for at least that length of time considering the features of the S5, especially the battery which tends to be the shortest lasting part of any phone.

This phone is simply amazing, but anything but simple. Screen on the phone is stunning. The 16MP pictures that it takes are highly detailed and look great. The same can be said for the 4K recording. The fingerprint scanner works fine for unlocking the phone. With the heartbeat sensor and Samsung apps like S-Health, this phone is great for fitness. I really like the IP 67 certification( which means it's dust-proof and waterproof for 30 minutes under a meter of water.). I can now take it with me to the pool or just to listen to music in the shower. The battery last for about 8 hours of continuous use. The USB 3.0 makes data transfer faster than normal phones and the battery charging takes about two hours. the size fits comfortably in the hands. For those with smaller hands, it comes with a one handed operation mode. It's slim body easily fits into the pocket. I would highly recommend this to anyone.

I'll keep it short, it's a awesome phone. I upgraded from a two year old Razr Maxx enough said. I bought a nice case so the plastic cover dos'nt bother me.

There are always the extremes where something (or many things) is wrong with the phone (or any product) but thankfully my phone has worked perfectly fine and I've been using it without issue. It is definitely quicker than the S3, and I really like the pictures and videos I can take with it.What I don't like is all the bloatware and space used up for things/apps I'll never use. Thankfully I have a 64GB SD card so all my music, pictures, and videos go on that since they take up the most space. I'll probably remove the bloatware once I work up the courage and knowledge to root the phone.Overall, if your phone is 2 years old or older, this is a very good upgrade that you'll easily see the improvements. If you just got your phone last year, I'd say wait for the next versions of this years phones.

Look and feel is great.First issue though was charging.  It uses USB Micro 3.0 (the extra wide plug) that is totally non-standard.  However, Samsung support states that you can use standard USB 2.0 Micro for charging.Quoted chat session below:Chat InformationPlease wait for a Samsung Agent to respond.Chat InformationYou are now chatting with 'Kathy'. There will be a brief survey at the end of our chat to share feedback on my performance today.Chat InformationYour Issue ID for this chat is LTK112560622489XKathy: Hi, thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. How may I help you today?Visitor: Hi. Question about Galaxy S5. The charger is a Micro 3.0 USB. Am I correct that is for faster data transfer, but that simple power charging can be done with the same Micro 2.0 charger as the Samsung Galaxy Nexus?Kathy: I understand that you want to know if you can charge S5 device with Micro 2.0 charger .Is that correct?Visitor: yesKathy: Thank you for confirming.Kathy: Yes, you are correct you can charge S5 by using USB cable 2.0.Visitor: Great, thank you.Kathy: You're welcome.Kathy: We strive for your satisfaction.Kathy: May I help you with anything else ?Visitor: That's it, thanks!Kathy: You're welcome.Kathy: Take care!Kathy: We thank you for your inquiry today and hope your experience with Samsung tech support has been a pleasant one. In an effort to continuously improve our service, we request you to take a minute and complete a quick survey.Please click blue 'X' button on the upper right corner and you will be provided with the survey to complete.

....and I've had it for 2 days. I make this comparison: Droid Razr original= Ford Model T...Samsung Galaxy S5=Porshe CarreraHonestly, this phone is the smoothest, easiest operating phone I have ever owned. I like the speed of accessing anything on it, from pics, to messages, to email, it is amazingly fast and easy to use. I was afraid of the &#34;5.1 inch&#34; screen size but it isn't as big and cumbersome as I thought it would be.

Like the phone - I have been an Apple fan for years. This is a great upgrade from any version of the I-phone.

Played around with this phone in the store and I really loved it the touch screen is very responsive and it feels sturdy enough that if you drop the phone it wont smash into pieces and so forth. Overall I will get this phone once I have an upgrade available which is in around six months.

Note 2 was a tad bit big, but this size is just right and still offers a lot of screen space.  Read some of the tech reviews for more in-depth info.  It should come standard with Qi charging due to the USB 3.0 charging port with protective cover.  I'll be ordering that soon

This phone has so many good qualities but the camera sells it for me. I was tired of the distortions even after I reset it constantly

I'm still learning how to use this phone but so far I'm loving it. I also purchased the Logitech Pro headset to use with it,wow great pair. I haven't picked up my iPod since my purchase. I also saved over $100.00 in purchasing my phone and accessories from Amazon.

I like large phones like the rest of the population but I think there is a limit to where a phone is too large and becomes hard to store in your pocket comfortably. If I would have known how much larger this was compared to the S4, I would have stuck with the S4. Great build quality other than that and it works great ... very fast .... If you need something larger than an S4, get the Note 3 or heck, just get a tablet. It's too big to be a phone IMHO.

This phone is the iPhone killer. Large bright screen, awesome battery and super fast performance.

I received my phone about 2 weeks, I have to be honest coming from an Iphone I am not overly impressed.

The Galaxy S5 is a good phone, but I'll never buy another Samsung product. About 4 months after I bought it, the charger quit working. I called Samsung for a warranty replacement. I have registered the phone with Samsung, but the agent didn't have the information, so I had to end the call, remove the battery, and find the IMEI number in tiny script (magnifying glass). After putting me on hold for a couple minutes, she told me that I would have to send the charger to them with the receipt. They would evaluate it to be sure there was no damage, and then send me another. This would take up to 11 days. Happily, I have the charger from my previous phone. If I didn't, my phone would be useless for that time without a charger. Looks like Samsung's main concern is that I might be ripping them off.

I really like this phone. I was unsure about how the screen size would impact usage. Now, I cannot go back to a smaller screen. My wife has the iphone 5s, and I find myself squinting when looking at pictures (no exaggeration). The Galaxy also has a function to run the phone in a limited screen size, so that it is conducive to one-hand usage.I am impressed with the camera resolution, even though I am using it at the second worst resolution (for file size considerations). In addition, the battery has impressed me as well. While I am not using the phone, the battery very slowly discharges. and of course, it discharges at a more rapid rate under app usage.

This phone is awesome!!!  It is everything I expected. Love that you can download music for free because it's a droid!

I purchased this because my old phone was malfunctioning and I was out of contract.  This has been a great upgrade. The phone is everything its been advertised to do.

son is very happy!

This phone represents the best Samsung has to offer in hardware, and amazing integrated software from Samsung, Google (Android) and other developers. The S Fitness apps are a perfect example of the unity of hardware and software. The camera on this thing is great and has some cool features, though it is lacking in basic modifier features like light balance and shutter speed.I love the battery life on this thing, and I also love how quickly it charges when I plug it into the adapter that the phone comes with. The adapter allows use with old chargers, and a new charger that has a double part which likely speeds up charging time.

Overall it is a nice enough phone, but for the phone to be waterproof, you have to keep the usb cover closed.  Unfortunately you have to open the usb cover to charge the phone.  The usb cover is a very cheap plastic cover attached via a very small plastic band.  This plastic band wears out and the cover breaks off from the phone.  Hence no waterproof phone.  If you really want a waterproof phone, look elsewhere or at least read up on the issue of broken usb covers and decide if you want to deal with this hassle.Oh, Samsung will maybe replace your phone under warranty if this happens as long as you give them your phone for 2 weeks and they decide that the cheap plastic was defective and didn't break because you opened the cover too hard.So you can either ignore the waterproof claim, buy a wireless charging cover, or never charge your phone.  Do any of those and you are golden.  Do anything else and you are at the mercy of Samsung's customer service.  Good luck with that.

I upgraded from a Galaxy Nexus.  The Nexus was a power pig from day 1, often not making it through a single day with all the power bells and whistles turned off.  The S5 often goes over 2 days without a charge with all the bells and whistles on!  Everything works great.  I added a 64GB SD card for a total of 80GB.  That's my total music collection with plenty of room for videos & pics.  I have a stingy data plan so I don't stream a lot unless I'm on WiFi.

We have purchased this phone from Verizon store.  We purchased four of them to replace our older Samsung phones.  Before with older Samsung phones, we can pair the older phone with our home phone's Bluetooth fine, with our cars Bluetooth fine.  After switched to those new Galaxy S5 phones, we often have to manually go to setup to scan already paired devices to get connection.  That is not convenient for sitting into car then have to go to phone configuration.  In addition, our older Samsung phone can alert us for the instant message, and read out them.  This new Galaxy S5 can not do that with our C-MAX Bluetooth feature any more.That is not all the problem.  We have a third party chat utility. that was working fine with older phone.  Once we moved over to Samsung Galaxy S5, we have to either power off then power on, or restart the phone, to make that chat program send and receive.  We have to do that couple times a day for every phone.  Other brand phones do not have this problem.We contacted Samsung support reporting these problems.  Their report replied to us:  Our phone has no known software bug. Please contact your carried support for helping how to use this phone.  In another words, Samsung support thinks whoever use its phone and running problem stupid, did not know how to use this phone.  If our older phone worked fine with both Bluetooth and chat app, and only changed is this Galaxy S5, what is the reason Samsung thinking its customers stupid?

Let me start off by saying that complaints about poor signal strength, texting not working and similar complaints are NOT this phones fault they are the carrier and thus not valid to an equipment review.1. Durability - I relied on the professionals to test the durability (cnet, etc.). However I do know that the phone is at least as durable as the S3 which I dropped on the concrete several times at 3' to 5' and the gorilla glass never broke and the phone worked normal, also used it in the rain with no problems. The phone is one of the most durable excluding construction phones available.2. Signal strength - the same as most phones, only older non smart phones that have extended antennas and phones that allowed you to connect to signal boosters and external antennas will get you a better signal.3. Voice Quality - Tried speakerphone, Bluetooth, headset and regular mic. everyone I spoke to told me the voice clarity was very good. On my end I found the volume a little on the low side and had to use the increased volume option in a noisy environment.4. Camera - The quality of the picture in still - auto mode, panorama and movie mode is excellent. The delay people experience is the camera compensating for the environment so you get a good quality picture. The picture quality in my opinion rivals a good non-professional digital camera.5. Screen - Screen size is one of the largest available on a cell phone. Screen clarity is amazing and you can even see images and use the key pad in direct sunlight a great improvement from older phones.6. Surfing the internet - I tested the phone on WIFI and received up to 57mbs. (The fastest speed my provider had), the phone processor is as fast as a good computer. People that complain about the connection speed in my opinion are having a carrier problem not a problem with this phone.7. Heart beat monitor - Yes it works, but it is very sensitive and you may have to re-take the measurement several times.8. Music - no problems with clarity.8. Battery Life - Over 24 hours with &#34;normal&#34; usage. Normal being texting, music, voice, camera in still mode, use.9. Overall Impression: Very well constructed, options work as advertised. I believe you will have a hard time finding a better quality phone. In my opinion the only real negative was the volume during calls; it was &#34;ok&#34; but in my opinion should be a little louder in normal mode.

This was an upgrade from a Droid Razr from 2 years ago. This S5 is snappy and has lots of functions in it that I probably am not even taking full advantage of. It does have some heft and would recommend a tempered glass screen protector. Also, the charging port cover is a bit weak and came off already. Its not really flexible but I will just leave it off.

Leaps and bounds greater (and $100 bucks cheaper) than my old Galaxy S3 I hope it lasts me until whatever the &#34;S7&#34; will be.

I upgraded from an original Droid Razr and this phone is light years better. People complain about the charging port but this phone so far is not a battery hog. I charge is every night but many nights the battery is still over 50% with moderate to heavy use. I pair this phone with the galaxy gear 2 neo and these two devices compliment each other very well. I love the health features on this phone as someone who loves tracking steps and calories. The phone is quick and the screen is beautiful. I am personally a fan of Samsung's UI and it's twist on stock android. Would recommend this phone to anyone.

S5 was out of stock at purchase and stated estimated delivery at 1 month later, but shipped 1.5 weeks after purchase. The phone is very fast with minimal lag running any high resource hogging apps. The features over the S4 is minimal so not worth an upgrade, but I come from the galaxy nexus and this phone is pretty amazing upgrade. The processor and ram speed, plus the camera and camera software are the most notable improvements. Pictures have a very fast focus speed and many shooting options available. The phone is also water resistant, not going to test it out, but it does give a peace of mind knowing if I spill on it or go swimming accidentally it'll survive.

so far no issues. I'm loving it. best yet I can change the channel with my phone when my spouse hogs the remote!

Everything I expected. Good battery life and fast charging with the two amp charger. Excellent networking capability. Beautiful display and very responsive user interface.

I have been using this phone for about a month now.  My only complaint is having to deal with the waterproof usb/charge port flap for charging and usb file transfers.  The phone is built well and very fast and responsive.  The fingerprint reader, screen, cameras, pulse rate monitor and step counter all work great.  Once I have the wireless charging back and wireless charger I will be happier...

300 times better than an iPhone. Went on a five day float trip took hundreds of photo's and still had 30 percent battery left.

The Samsung Galaxy S5 Is By Todays Standards The Phone That Everyone Wants And After Purchasing Mine I Can Understand Why.  The Phone Is Fast, Reliable And Will Do Just About Anything You Need A Phone For And More.  I Am Very Pleased With Mine And Use The Extra Features That It Offers Every Day.  I Am On The Verizon Network And The Phone Works Great.  This Item Is A Work Of Art.

I have had the phone for a week now...and I really love it...except...the charging port.  The charging port has a door, which is located at the bottom of the phone.  This makes it impossible to use any type of charging dock with the exception of a wireless dock, which by the time you get a new back for the phone and the charging pad, is another $100.  I would pay the money, but that also means that I can't use a case for the phone unless I take it out of the case every time I charge.On the bright side, the camera in this phone totally rocks.  It has downloadable effects (filters) that you can use, the capibilities are endless.  I like the &#34;private&#34; mode and the &#34;kids&#34; mode.  Both work with the fingerprint scanner. Private mode allows you to put things like your Christmas shopping list, or photos etc, in an area that no one else can tell is even there. Kids mode allows you to choose what the child has access to.  The camera filters for children are adorable!  They have age related games for children of all ages as well.  What a plus when trying to keep a child busy or quiet in an unexpected situation!Charging is quick and the battery life is good...yesterday I went the entire day using only 18% of the battery...went to bed with 82% left. Not bad in comparison to the S3 I had.On the whole, I totally recommend this phone....its pretty cool :-)

This is turning out to be the best phone I've ever owned.  I love everything about it. It is smart and easy to use.

Great phone have had it for about a month and lovery it absolutely recommend it went from a galaxy s22 to the s5

I have always liked the galaxy line of phone. My lady was the S3..now an S5. I frankly looked the heft of the S3 better. I know some think lighter is better but I do not think that is true. For this reason I bought a Zenus case that matches my galaxy note 2014 edition case. For me I have found that in cases you get what you pay for and Zenus is my favorite. Unfortunately they are only made for certain models. The phone handles beautifully except for setting up Microsoft exchange. It told me that I had 10 device limit already. However I am not sure if that may be a server issue holding on to devices not used any longer and I never had 10. All in all I agree with those that say do not pay attention to plastic body. I always use a case. To me it is how the phone functions and this one is great. I really am an android fan and the new galaxy is just what I am liking for. My one and only complaint is the door where the power charger hooks up. It feels flimsy and I always feel as if it is going to break off. It is hard to open without a spare pin or something to get into the place where you open it. Other than that ..no complaints.

I LOVE my smartphones. I live by them work/fun. I have had Thunderbolt, iPhones 4, iPhone 4S and the iPhone 5 was my last until I decided one day after the annual Apple Conference that I had enough of being sold a name and not enough power and features!! APPLE quietly LOST 2 customers as my wife and I switched to the SAMSUNG GALAXY S5 and have LOVED everything about it....NOTHING is lost for like with its screen to the quad core 2.5 GHZ. processor...I could list feature after feature that put me in the market for two of these beautiful smartphones...YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!

My older husband is the Archie Bunker type,  stuck in his ways after 6 decades, not readily looking to change.  He is also REALLY attached to the physical Qwerty keyboard of his old Env3 type flip phone (Env3 in 2014? See what I mean?) especially for text messaging (usually to YELL AT ME IN ALL CAPS!) So imagine my surprise the morning the Galaxy S5 launched,  to be awakened FOUR Hours before Verizon even opens to be told WE ARE GETTING S5s. Seriously?  WE?! It's MY account.  We? I've been holding out 2.5 years for Motorola to get off its behind for the Droid 5, WE are getting S5s?Did I mention that my Archie Bunker has a partially paralyzed hand AND peripheral neuropathy? He has very limited sensation in his hands....I'm smelling disaster.  Four whole hours. Til Verizon opens. We get breakfast.  We stalk Verizon.After the kind store manager gave us an S5 to play with for awhile,  I reluctantly ordered a black and white matched pair.  Grreat. Now I had all weekend to await the arrival of my dreamship while fear began to engulf me.  What have I done?! What am I thinking?!  We are talking about my Archie Bunker here (no!  I am most certainly NOT Edith!)The phones arrived.  We're activated. I set up his Google account and calendar (forgetting all about his stored contacts on his ancient phone...), and began hunting down the most crucial apps and laying out his desktop in an orderly fashion - Gmail, clean sweep, advanced task killer, the weather channel, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Hulu+, TED, Kindle, etc. Widgets,  can't forget those!  I also installed a screen protector and leather case.  (hint: have your technomage spouse or technogeek grandkids do this for Archie types!) It was time to turn him loose. I cringed in fear.A month has now lapsed.  I'm ready to write this review.Wow. Despite the hand issues, he has figured out ways to make the touch screen respond appropriately. He's become a regular on Facebook, even at 3am from bed! His adult kids are angered because he stopped communicating as much (note: we eventually realized the S5 shows ACCOUNT names on incoming calls,  when he sees his 'ex-wife' calling he obviously isn't answering lol!) and without that physical keyboard he's all but forgotten texting exists...  Even to reply to me. ::sigh::But what has he learned to do?!His LinkedIn is now over 1200 connections,  he's all over Facebook day and night even from the car (passenger of course) and waiting rooms, hitting Like hours before even I see the post! He's found the camera,  our poor German Shepherd Dog now cringes at the sound of the 'shutter' click knowing that bright flash is blinding! Poor Aiko! At least Daddy hasn't yet been posting his candid furball mugs all over Facebook (that's my job!)He's so attached to his S5 it goes with him everywhere! Even to his metal desk in the basement,  which remains our cell phone black hole...  So if you experienced dead zones with other phones that likely won't change.If my knight in shining armor can survive his first month on an S5, so can yours.  I highly recommend the S5,  even for those with moderate hand disabilities.

You would think after 5 tries they could get it right. OOOOHHHH a pretty screen but try sending texts and half of them fail. What a piece of junk. No better than the first one. Slow in every aspect. Samsung is a joke. Maybe if you used teenagers instead of 5 year olds to build your phone you might put out a product that works, but it will be too late because I will never let friends or family buy a piece of junk with the Samsung name on it. Whoever designed this atrocity is hopefully fired.

I was a satisfied user of the iPhone 5 and 4S. Both served me well and were great performers for the technology of their time. Those phones are not in the same class as the Galaxy S5.If Apple had released the larger iPhone 6 sooner, I probably would have purchased it but I am so glad I made the decision to purchase the Galaxy S5 now. Samsung has aced it with this phone.If you are switching from an iPhone, turn off iMessage on your iPhone before you activate the Galaxy S5. Otherwise, Apple will block your text messages. Also get the Samsung Smart Switch Mobile app from the Android Play Store. I used the cloud transfer from my iPhone and the process was fast and efficient.I purchased the phone at Best Buy because I wanted to hold the phone and make sure the 5.1" larger size screen would work for me. I have small hands and it has helped to have the phone in an Otterbox case so I have plenty of grip on the phone. If this is your first smartphone, you will have to have some patience learning the phone, just as you would have to do with any other smartphone. If you are a veteran, you will love the HD screen and lightning fast response. This S5 is outstanding in every category. The battery life is pretty decent, too.

We love them.

Best phone I have ever seen or used, highly recommended for it speed, responsiveness and customizability.  A bit large, but its light enough to not be a problem, even with a slim case installed.

Works amazing and is the best out there.

I had a Droid 2 which worked ok but the buttons started sticking. This purchase has been super awesome. I didn't think I could figure out how to work it with no keyboard but Samsung has made it so easy and the technique is above and beyond my expectations. The Health Fitness and Heart Monitoring is very easy to use and amazing at the same time. I recommend this product to anyone who is even remotely thinking of purchasing one! This feedback needs an A + + button.

Love the new features on the S5, especially the fingerprint lock that I thought was silly before I bought this. Everything runs fast and smooth, screen is crisp and clear and adjusts to the sun better than my old Droid 3.

I upgraded from the Galaxy S3 and I am very pleased with this phone, the more I mess around with it the more I like it.Apps like S Health are now more focused than ever and the heart rate sensor is great thing even though tech reviewers try to play it off as a gimmick - this phone has literally made me want to be more active since I purchased it, the biometric scanner is a great addition as well that works perfectly for me 8/10 times.Also great news is that upon typing this I found out that micro usb chargers still work with this phone (it's a USB 3.0 port that can also use a micro usb). No BS Apple move.The feel of the phone is the best of the series. Yes it's plastic but it is definitely more upscale feeling to the touch while maintaining a light weight, and aesthetically both the front and back look great.The screen is the best I've ever seen on a smartphone, crisp, colorful, and bright.The camera is an important feature for me and I'm happy to say it doesn't disappoint - it's fast, takes great photos, the live HDR mode is awesome as well. The only thing i'm not sold on is the 16:9 aspect ratio being the only mode at 16mp. You can do a standard 4:3 aspect but at 12mp. But still not necessarily bad since mega pixels don't mean much compared to the actual sensor used.The speaker is loud and clear, reception for both the phone and wifi is great too. Better than my S3 with the 4.3 update, on that note Kit Kat is awesome!One last note, the IP67 rating/ water resistance and dust resistance is an amazing and welcome feature.In summation:If you're coming from an S3 then your contract is probably up this year, and this is an amazing upgrade to a phone I loved. It really wasn't even a question for me. Size, aesthetics, features, adding your own memory, and still being able to replace your own battery made this a clear choice over the HTC M8, and others.

This is the best phone I've ever had. Not too big or too small. Great screen color. works really fast.

I am pleased with this phone....it has more features than the phones purchased.  It takes great pictures and always look forward to sharing the photos with family and friends.  Way to go...Samsung!

Returned the phone to Verizon after testing for about a month & going back to my S3, for now.  I don't know how Samsung released a phone that is basically not ready.Almost every app lags, especially compared to my old S3.  Tap anything and the norm is a long pause before a reaction.  Even on the camera, taking a picture requires several seconds before you can even see what your shot looked like.  I read that Samsung is aware that "limited number" of S5 have camera issues.  Great.The fingerprint sensor takes a while to read; I'm not sure if this is by design, but it is frustrating.  Other than that, its a nice touch to have the added security.I really wanted to like this phone and like the way it looks.  Oh well.  Back to the S3 for now.

Your Issue ID for this chat is LTK112560704112XValerie M: Hi, thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. How may I help you today?Visitor: Hello, I have a Verizon Galaxy S5, and the traditional internet icon has been replaced with Chrome.Visitor: How can I get the traditional internet app back?Valerie M: I understand you want to Internet app in the device, am I correct?Visitor: I want the default internet app, that would allow me to beam content from the internet to my samsung smart tvValerie M: I'm sorry for the delay. I'll be right with you.Visitor: okValerie M: Thank you for waiting.Valerie M: I'm sorry for the delay.Valerie M: I'm sorry to say the internet explorer app is not default in the device.Visitor: no problemValerie M: However you can try to download it from the playstore.Visitor: I am talking about the samsung internet browser appVisitor: the blue globeVisitor: gives you the option to view the internet from your phone to your smart tv, whiout chromecastValerie M: Thank you for correcting me.Valerie M: Sorry to say it is not available in the S5.Visitor: but other S5s have itVisitor: I have seen the youtube videosVisitor: is it not available for Verzion customers?Valerie M: They can be the AT&T; devices.Valerie M: Yes is is not available for the Verizon devices.Visitor: will it ever be available?Valerie M: I'm sorry the information on it is currently unavailable with us, however I've taken a note of your request.Visitor: Thank you

Am a Samsung fanboy....NO.  I am Apple Fan boy?  obliviously not if I purchased the Samsung.  Honestly though I wanted to purchase an Iphone but more importantly I wanted to purcahse the best phone out there.  I am afraid that at that time (april 2014 and even now this is the best phone available.  I have an Ipad, and Ipod and and MacBook, so I am semi invested into the Apple platform,  but what put me over the edge was 4 features.  1.  Larger Screen,  2. removable battery,  3.  Micro SD  card slot (allowing me to add up to 64 Megabytes. ) 4. Value for a top tier smart phone(I paid $99 3 weeks after this phone was released)  Truth is that apple isn't going ever have number 2 or 3 or 4.  Likely this fall the  Number 1(larger screen) will be filled,  and one can purchase a higher capacity Iphone but I purchased a 32 gigabyte SD card for $16 and well the Iphone is already more money and upping the Gig's is just expensive.  This combined with the fact that IMHO there was no killer feature on the Iphone 5S.  I think the fingerprint scanner has the potential to be the killer feature but until Apple opens up the API to 3rd parties.  Even then I think Apple needs to somehow forge a partnership with a major bank to make so I can leave my wallet at home.  This would be a killer feature.  I know I know,  you would still need your drivers's license and cash does come in handy at times,

I absolutely love this phone. I moved from a Droid 4 with the physical keyboard. I was holding out for the possible Droid 5, but came to the conclusion that it never is going to come. The old physical keyboard allowed me to type 10 times faster than  the virtual keyboard, swype or even voice to text. It has taken some getting used to not having the physical keys and the slower texting speed, but the many other features of this Galaxy S5 has by far made up for it. I recommend this phone to all of my friends.

After having the phone for almost a week I'd say it is a very good phone with only minor issues.The screen is very sharp and the phone is fast.  Battery usage while nothing is running is excellent.  Call quality is excellent and the phone takes great pictures.  I really like the thinness of the phone.Some complain that the phone seems cheap plastic but I feel like it is solid construction despite having a plastic back.As a phone I think it is too wide and tall.  I can't come close to using it one handed and I have slightly larger than average hands.  Also I'm not thrilled with the buttons being on each side of the phone as often I end up clicking the down volume at the same time as the screen unlock button.  Some times in my pocket the phone unlocks itself, I suspect it is the menu button being pressed by my leg.Also while the battery life is quite good when the phone is not doing much but when running apps the battery drains about as fast as my old droid bionic.Overall though I recommend this phone.

very good phone the specs are amazing and the performance is outstanding now the only problem is that this phone is not that much better then the galaxy s4 which is why this review gets 4 stars instead of 5 stars. But overall this phone is the latest thing on the market and everyone wishes they had it.

This phone is frustrating.  It has top of the line specs and most all the features you could ever want in a phone.  Yet the overall experience is lacking.I bought this phone for a few reasons:  Expandable storage, optional inductive charging, and water resistance. This is the only phone on Verizon to offer all of this.Physically, this phone is light although a bit large for the screen size compared to the LG G2 and Nexus 5.  I have read this is due to the water resitance.  If so, it's a compromise I can live with.  The back of the black (dark charcoal) one is dimpled and slightly soft-touch, which I like.  The white one I looked at in the store was NOT soft touch.  I haven't seen this mentioned anywhere else.  There is a plastic chrome strip going around the outside.  Normally I don't mind chrome, but the ridged edge on the S5, combined with the plastic chrome volume and power button and dimpled back looks tacky.  There is also a door you need to pry up to access the USB port.  I don't mind because I like the water resistance and plan on getting an inductive charging back for it.  It generally looks nice, but not nearly as nice as most of its competitors.  It doesn't creak and make noise when handling as Samsungs have been known to in the past.  Online drop tests seem to indicate it is a durable design, so personally I don't really care about how "premium" it looks. I much prefer a grippy soft touch plastic to slippery metal that is prone to scratches.The home button/print scanner is a physical button rather than capacitive.  At first I didn't think I'd like it, but then I realized it also turns it on which is nice.  I still don't know if I like it, but I don't mind.  There are also capacitive back and multitask buttons along the bottom.  I do wish they weren't invisible when not lit up and swapped like on other Android phones, but I am glad they are there rather than just having on-screen buttons that take up screen space like on the Nexus 5.The screen looks nice.  Frankly, I think 1080 screens are overated and find 720 screens just as nice.  I don't hold the phone up to my nose after all.  In regular use, I don't find the resolution to be much if any improvement over my old EVO qHD screen.  Brightness and color are much better though.On to the features.  The main selling points of this phone over others seem to be the water resistance, heartrate monitor, and fingerprint scanner.  The heartrate monitor requires you to be still and quiet.  In other words, it's pretty useless and should not factor into your decision at all.  The water resistance is a great feature I think every phone should have.  I don't plan on torture testing it but there are videos online of it surviving an hour under water, a pot of boiling water, and a washing machine.  This is an important feature for me as I spend a lot of time outdoors.  The fingerprint scanner is good enough that I continue to use it.  I have both thumbs and a finger set up.  It would be nice to have one more finger available to use to cover all the ways I hold the phone.  It's a bit picky that you swipe straight down, keep contact with the button, and don't go too fast.  But once you get it down it works OK.What really lets this phone down is Samsung's TouchWiz interface.  While it offers a lot of features, some more useful than others, it is also laggy, clumsy, arguably ugly and overall just not an elegant interface.  Yes, I can use a launcher or root it or whatever, but then I'd lose the features it offers.  Two years ago that kind of thing was acceptable on Android, but I don't feel it is today.There's no getting around the lag.  I don't understand how anybody can claim it doesn't lag.  Scrolling is often not smooth.  There is a slight pause every time you select something.  All around you will find random stutters and jitters.  The camera is especially bad, often taking 6-7 seconds to snap a picture when first starting up.  This is not an Android thing as the MotoX, G2, One M8 and Nexus 5 all do not suffer from this. I wouldn't call it terrible, but it really puts a damper on the overall experience.  That's not to say this is a slow phone.  It's very fast once it does start to do something.  But there's a difference between fast and fluid. This phone is not fluid, especially compared to an iPhone or Windows Phone.  It always feels a step behind in its reactions.  If you look on forums you will find a lot of complaints about this and also a lot of "fixes" that include reducing or disabling animations.  I've done all that and it really doesn't matter.The tradeoff of course is all the features TouchWiz gives you.  There are a ton of customizations you can do to make it function just the way you want.  Oddly though, you cannot change the color scheme from the default teal and pastel.  This is the first cell phone I've owned in the past 10 years that didn't allow that, which is puzzling considering the point of something like TouchWiz is to make the phone more customizable.  It was also a bit complex getting everything setup the way I wanted.  Not very cohesive.  That could just be unfamiliarity with TouchWiz.The default email app, for whatever reason, tells you to use the Gmail app for Gmail.  I'm not sure why this is.  I setup Gmail anyway on the default app and it seems to work fine so far.The IR blaster is kind of neat but not real useful.  The "Smart Remote" to use it is lacking.  It can turn things on and off, adjust volume, and do other basic things but it's not going to replace my Harmony remote.  Or any of my remotes.  It's pretty weak and needs to be pointed almost directly at stuff to work, which is understandable when you see the size of it.The camera, once it gets around to snapping a picture, is fantastic.  Easy to use, great quality, just great all-around for a phone.  Plenty good enough to replace my old point-and-shoot Sony camera, but not my DSLR of course.  The trouble with lag seems to be worse when opening the first time in lower light situations and it can be aggravating.  I saw there is a patch to address this but I don't have it yet.All around phone funtionality is good.  Radio strength, sound quality, speed, contact functionality are all good.  Maybe not the best out there, but pretty solid.  Speaker quality is OK but not as good as some other phones.  It's good enough that I don't have trouble in the car with it.  The virtual keyboard is the best I've used.  It's accurate and does swype, predictive text, and has an extra row on top for numbers.  Contact dialing/texting is fast and easy.The S5 does support inductive charging which I plan to use.  It should come standard though and not require a new $30 cover.  The charging cover also adds a bit of bulk, so that the camera is recessed a bit rather than raised.  So if you get that some cases may not work with it.Battery life has been OK.  It makes it through a day fine with my use.  Probably average by today's standards.  There's no way for me to compare it to any other recent phone with my personal use so I won't try.  The USB3 charger charges it in about 90 minutes which is great.  What's not as great is you can't use the included USB3 cable on older microUSB devices.  You can, however, still use standard microUSB cables to charge the phone, so that's not a big deal.There are a ton of features on this phone so I won't keep going on and on.  The bottom line for me is that this phone offers the main features and functions I wanted but Samsung needs to do a lot better with the overall cohesiveness and fluidness of TouchWiz.  There's really no excuse for it with Android KitKat.As for other phones, I like the MotoX but the muddy camera was a dealbreaker.  The LG G2 was nice but water resistance and conventional buttons on the side rather than the back won out.  I didn't like the slippery metal case and on-screen buttons on the HTC One M8.  iPhone was never an option, way too small and I hate how simplistic iOS is and how closed their ecosystem is.  Nice, but not for me.  Also looked at a Nokia Icon since I love Windows RT on my Surface.  Windows Phone OS is slick and the phone is just very nice all-around.  Windows has certainly come a long ways, but it's not all the way there yet.  Things like the phone dialer and email aren't all that great.  Ultimately it was the features and Android ecosystem that Samsung won me over with.  There are just a lot of good phones out there today, which is why I give this an average rating.  I got it on sale, I probably would not have paid full (contract) price for it over a MotoX.  For a hundred dollars more it was worth it, but only because I wanted a good camera to take family pictures with.

From the start this has been nothing but a hassleAmazon made us all believe that we would be getting our phone with free 2 day shipping, but we aren't.  The tracking system is down, and the shipment is ran on UPS GROUND.  My delivery date had been set for April 23rd by 8 PM (previously ordered on the 15th).  Although UPS HASNT EVEN MOVED IT, NOR HAVE THEY RECEIVED IT!If you are reading this and think however much off your getting is a deal, your mistaken.  Pay the extra money at your phone company at least you'll get it then.  The actual delivery date is now being set for Monday, this is completley unacceptable from a company like amazon, i have never had a problem like this.BTW iam not an angry apple fanboy/customer, iam switching from the 4S which is a piece of crap, to the S5 because the phone itself is a 7/5..Unfortunately amazon has made a complete debacle out of something believed to be good.

Cheap plasticky garbage feel just like the S 4 before it.  Creaks and just looks and feels terrible.  The fingerprint scanner doesn't work and has already been hacked.  Like for real hacked which means hackers can also get into your Paypal account.  Why anyone would buy one of these is beyond me.

I bought the S5 less than two months ago through Verizon, not Amazon.  One of the selling points is that the phone is water and dust resistant.  The USB port comes with a little flap plug attached to the phone by a rubber or plastic pin.  To charge the phone, this plug is pulled aside, then replaced after charging.  In less than two months, the plug attachment broke.  Calls to Verizon resulted in the following: They told me I needed to contact Samsung directly.  I told them that I did not buy the phone from Samsung.  They agreed to call Samsung directly while I was on hold.  When they came back on, they told that Samsung said that this problem was phone damage and not manufacturer defect.  The fix would be done at my cost.  Verizon said that they would change me $300 if I sent the phone back to them.I don't believe this dust cover is critical to the enjoyment of the phone, but it is discouraging to think that Samsung should sell a phone for $600 with such a manufacturer defect, and that Verizon refused to go to bat for a customer.

The Samsung Galaxy S5 a great phone.  It is very fast.  It has an excellent batter, and I can replace it with a back up.  This phone is exactly as advertised.

I traded an iPhone 4s for the Galaxy S5 last week, and haven't regretted it for a second. It's a far better phone for far less dollars. The screen is crisp and incredible resolution. The apps load quickly and work well. There is one major flaw I have discovered, however. The camera lens is as fragile as a newborn baby. My phone slipped from the sofa to the floor, which was approximately 1.5' distance. And the lens shattered into a zillion pieces. Yes, it is glass. Yes, glass breaks. But why on earth put an extremely fragile piece of thin glass in such a vulnerable location? It's absurd. I haven't had a chance to even get a hard case for it, although I plan to find the toughest, most shock-resistant case available as soon as this lens is fixed.

Ordered this phone to upgrade my Droid Bionic. Received it 2 weeks early and very pleased so far. Very sharp screen and has been easy to learn the functions of it. Had no issues transferring or activating the phone. Thus far I could not be more pleased

First off, the S5 is replacing my HTC Rezound.  No matter what I would have purchased, it would have been better than the POFS Rezound.  The S5 obviously blows the POFS out of the water but there are still some issues. I have had numerous smart phones beginning with the Motorola Q and moving on to the Palm Treo 700W, Blackberry Touch, HTC Incredible, POFS and now the Samsung S5.  First off, the camera takes really good pictures but is still really "grainy" when I zoom in.  I have not tweaked any of the settings in the camera, even though I have had the S5 since April 11th(opening day).  In the 22 days that I have had it, it has turned off 3 times on its own.  Once, I was listening to music on the Amazon MP3 app and I answered a phone call but when I ended the call, the phone rebooted on it's own.  It boots really fast so it's not much of an issue.  Two other times, I was downloading apps, and opening/closing certain other apps and it just decided to reboot.  These are not deal breakers.  One of the things that is complete junk on this phone is the "fingerprint scanner" security option.  Maybe it is because I have really big hands and fingers, but it would not work at all, period.  It registered my fingerprint but it would never allow me to unlock the phone, using that same finger.  I turned that option off and just went back to the typical "pattern" security option.  POFS wouldn't even work when I tried to install Go Launcher Ex so I was looking forward to using it on the Samsung S5.  Nope!!  I downloaded Go Launcher Ex and was using it for a few days and everything seemed to be working well.  I had it on my nightstand, one evening, and when I picked it up, I noticed it was extremely hot.  There was a notice on the screen that said that it was overheating and was shutting down most everything on the phone but the bare minimum until it cooled off.  Yes, I have a task killer installed and it is running constantly so I do not think that I had too many apps running.  The phone was just sitting on the nightstand. I uninstalled Go Launcher Ex and I have not had that issue again.  The Health app is pretty cool but I would trust it about as much as our current dictator. This phone uses USB 3.0 chargers but also will work with your older 2.0 chargers and chords.  One of the greatest things about the S5 is the amount of time that a charge will last.  POFS got about four hours before it died.  Yep, four freaking hours!!!  I regularly get about sixteen hours of use before the S5 dies and that is on days where I am using it on regular basis.  Today, when I hardly used the S5, I unplugged it at 530AM and after almost 12 hours the phone still has 59% available.  As a contractor, one of the big things that drew me to this phone was the fact that it was waterproof but the fact that it is "dustproof" is my favorite.  There is a "charger cover" that seals the charging port and keeps the phone "dust/waterproof".  I am not sure how durable this little piece will be but it seems to be holding up so far.  All in all, this is a good phone and most everyone will be happy with it. I would rate it as 3.51 stars. There will always be room for improvement!

Of course it is a smart phone and more.  It offers extra secutity with the fingerprint feature.  It helps to watch your health and the display can be customized. Using the right cover, the S5 becomes a very fancy gaget that you will feel proud to use anywhere. It is quick, nice, and has an acceptable size.  When used with a sylus, it is even more enjoyable.

I took a while to decide what phone to upgrade to. When the HTC one m8 came out I was positive that was the phone for me, I was very unimpressed with its camera. When thever s5 came out, I was disappointed in the gimmicks Samsung took with the phone. However, there are so many features on this phone that truly do improve the experience. Customizing the operating system is fantastic, and many of the internal software features come in handy often. I actually have grown to like the one handed use feature which shrinks the screen to what ever side your tub is on. Samsung does include useless other features, but they all work as advertised.The camera is fantastic, I had an 8 mp camera on my last phone and this is truly better.  Plus many of the features on the camera are fun and very useful. In deciding which phone to choose the camera was one of the most important to me and I am happy with the performance of this one.Anyone who reads this should know that buying a flagship device will most often be an improvement over previous devices. I owned a motorola Droid bionic for 2 years, it served me well, but going from that to my Shiney GS5 feels like I moved from a record player to an ipod, or a pinto to a Lamborghini,  or apartment to mansion.  If you are moving off a two year contract like I did, any flagship device will be a vast improvement,  justhe find features that are important to you and decide from there.As a side note, I'm finding the battery life is excellent,  batteries themselves have not changedone much, but management of power usage has and the gs5 manages the power exceptionally. Watching Netflix for over an hour and a half lost me about 5 percent of my battery.

The Samsung Galaxy S5 is an awesome phone. I love all the features it has to offer. I especially love that I can conserve battery life by activating power save mode for several days if not in use!

In the past several weeks, we've used the Samsung Galaxy S5 in Black and Electric Blue as well as the HTC One M8.  The HTC audio wins hands down as does its basic appearance, but the Samsung phones are also great.  This black phone is more of a dark gray than true black and the entire case is plastic, giving it a cheaper appearance.  I love the Electric Blue color, but since all phones are protected by case covers, the rears are not visible anyway.  Unlike the HTC, this one offers a removable battery, which along with its superior camera, are why we purchased a pair of these on Verizon Wireless.  The phone arrives loaded with apps which are unnecessary and not wanted, so what we could easily remove, we did.  The Health app is used daily by my daughter, I'm not as diligent myself.  A weakness of this phone, particularly as compared to the HTC, is the rear speaker which muffles the audio while the phone is resting.  I've found that by keeping it face down, it's easier to hear.  The fingerprint security option hasn't worked well for either of us, so it's not currently being used.  Samsung uses its own power port, think of a conjoined USB with a smaller twin port, the same as the Samsung tablet.  In general, this is a really good phone which I expect will last the two years of our contract.

This Phone rocks the caspa.

THE CHARGERPlease note that while the S5 has a special looking port for charging (a USB 3.0 port) you CAN use the old charger from one of your other Android powered devices!  It just happens to charge really really quickly if you use a USB 3.0 cable, but it's not necessary to do so.AMAZING SCREENThis display is nicer than any I have ever seen. It is so sharp I cannot see individual pixels with my naked eye. It's also bright, very bright! It's perfectly usable on a bright sunny day at noon without a cloud in the sky. In really bright conditions, the screen boosts the maximum allowable brightness when the auto-brightness feature enabled! So if it's extremely bright outside, leave the auto-brightness feature enabled. Unlike in previous iterations, it is superbly implemented anyway, so I'd recommend leaving it on regardless. I upgraded from the S3, and I immediately noticed the 1080P resolution, the whiter whites, darker blacks, extremely realistic and still vibrant colors, and even the capability of dimming the screen much more effectively (which is really nice when using the phone in bed).  The Super AMOLED screen seems to have been perfected in this device!  You have to see it to believe it, this is a stunningly beautiful 1080P display that knocks the competition out of the park. The size of the screen is a big plus in my opinion, as well and is especially fantastic given its...CONVENIENT MULTITASKING CAPABILITIESYou can run two programs on the screen at the same time, in a split window arrangement.  The really fast processing ensures that doing so doesn't cause lags.  Even with two apps sharing the screen, the phone's operation is butter smooth.  And the 5 inch display means that you have plenty of real estate for both apps.INSANELY AWESOME ULTRA-POWER SAVING MODEThis thing is for real. With 10 percent power left, you get usability the rest of the day. The S5 has a super amoled screen, so black pixels don't draw any power as opposed to back-lit LCD screens in which a black pixel is really just a pixel in which the backlight has been blocked. Ultra-power saving mode turns the screen black and white, and gives you a jet-black interface with up to six black and white icons.  This means that a tiny fraction of the pixels are powered.  This mode also reduces the screen frame rate, shuts down two of the phone's four cores, reduces in half the speed of the remaining two cores, shuts down almost all background processes, disables most apps, and sips power all the while letting you text, call, and surf the web. You can check your email via the web, but can't use the email or gmail apps. Basically it turns your phone into one of those old brick phones that lasted forever. That's pretty sweet in a pinch!At 100% power, activating ultra-power saving mode gives you 12 DAYS of standby time!  I figure with regular use I'd get a week. You could literally charge your phone to 100% before a week-long vacation, flip on ultra power-saving mode, use your phone normally (calling, texting, and some web surfing) and probably make it the entire week without having to charge it. I'd love to test that theory. But suffice it to say that gone are the days of needing to worry about a dead phone when you're out all day and don't have access to a charger.THE SECURITY OF A FINGERPRINT SCANNERIt takes some getting used to, but once you set up your fingerprints, you can easily activate the phone by swiping your finger or thumb (I set mine up for one-handed use using my thumb, and after a week, it registers on the first try just about every time). No one else can access my phone and should I try and fail to unlock the phone too many times, I can then enter a password to unlock it. I had to do that a few times the first day of use. But with frequent use, I quickly learned to unlock my phone on the first attempt. I am a huge fan of the fingerprint scanner.IR BLASTERI can use the IR blaster to operate my TV. Along with Bluetooth and WiFi, the infrared blaster basically gives you the chance to make your phone a universal remote!WATER AND DUST RESISTANTI love that you could accidentally drop the phone in a puddle or have it fall out of your shirt pocket into the toilet, sink, or bathtub and you'll be just fine. It's nice that a downpour won't short-circuit your phone, and it's pretty spectacular that if you forgot to take the phone out of your pocket before doing a load of laundry, you'd likely retrieve a perfectly operable phone from the washing machine. Not sure about dust resistance, I never had a phone die from dust, but I'm guessing it's happened before and it's nice that it won't with this phone.CAMERAIt's a behemoth. It's a 16 megapixel camera that takes beautiful and sharp pictures. It takes great low-light pics without the need for activating the camera flash. I used it during my Nephew's baptism recently. My aunt saw the pictures on my screen as I took them and reviewed them. After the baptism, she looked at my phone and said, "Your phone takes such beautiful pictures! I'd rather have a phone that takes pictures like that than this thing (she was holding up her really nice digital camera)!DESIGNIt's functional. The S5 is made of a nice looking textured soft-feeling plastic that I think looks quite premium and is reminiscent of perforated leather (although the plastic is panned in almost every official review--I like it). Mine is white and looks fantastic, but isn't quite as soft as the black variant--which is actually a dark grey rather than black.  Nonetheless it feels nice in the hand and doesn't get as hot or cold as metal gets. It has better grip than metal, and that's important to me. You don't want to go around dropping a premium phone. And because it's flexible, the plastic cover pulls right off the back of the phone so you can replace the battery (which isn't really necessary with Ultra-power saving mode--see above), or add some extra storage with MicroSD card slot.  My only complaint design-wise is that the "chrome" side of the phone is painted plastic.  I've dropped it a few times and the chrome paint chips off very easily, and on this phone it serves a very important purpose.  The screen is slightly recessed, so the chrome takes a beating if you drop it.  It should be a durable unpainted metal that doesn't chip or scratch.THE NEGATIVEThe only negative I've seen, besides the painted chrome plastic part of the phone that chips really easily, is the loudness of the speaker. It doesn't get all that loud. Some people complain about the plastic back cover.  I love it.  It's functional, grippy, and attractive. I prefer the textured plastic to just about anything else. Others actually complain about the port cover! To them I say BOO-FREAKING-HOO! Oh no, a cover that lets your phone survive a tumble through the freaking washing machine! How truly awful!THE VERDICTUltimately the S5 looks really nice, stays alive forever (as far as modern smart phones go, anyway), can be used as a universal remote, has an incredibly bright and stunningly beautiful display that is readable in the direct light of the sun, has a fantastic camera, has a really convenient and pretty sure proof security system with the fingerprint scanning set up, can survive a tumble through the washing machine as well as lots of dust, and has a plastic design that allows for the immediate and screw-less opening of the device for the swapping of a battery or the addition of a MicroSD card! Five stars? Well, since you can't give 4.8 stars (minus 0.1 for the speaker that isn't loud enough and another 0.1 for the plastic chrome painted side that chips too easily), yep!

This phone does everything that I want it to do.  Very fast, great connectivity (Verizon), great battery life, and great features.

It's okay

Smart phones have come a long way, especially in the past two years. I upgraded from my Razr Max and am very happy so far. I've had it for over a week.One of the first things I did (and you should too) is disabled the bloatware. There's a lot of it. I also got rid of the ugly default everything.It feels fast. I like the dust flap, for now. The camera is great. Don't be a fool (like I was at first) and make sure you scroll though all the option in the camera mode! The camera took me a few days to learn. The display is sharp. Power save and extra touch sensitivity could be useful.What I don't like: The heart rate monitor. Like many other reviews, it's kinda pointless and probably adds $100 to the phone. I don't like how clunky it is to access the camera from the unlock screen. The speakers are kinda dull, why can't they be on the front? If you are a Mac user like me, you need to install &#34;Android Safe Transfer&#34; which is total BS. You can't preview your files like you can in the Mac UI. Also, I wish all of the hard press buttons were on the right side.I really enjoy it so far, but these little inconveniences  make it a total of 4/5 stars.

I don't get it.  The main complaint I've read about this phone is that it has a plastic housing.  Why does that matter?  I mean, it lives in an Otterbox Defender case anyway.  64gb card in it's expansion slot and a user replaceable battery for when you notice degradation in charge retention.  What's not to like?I think an advanced species of aliens slid this thing through a time warp.  There are no words in our language to describe how cool this phone is.

Can you get a sim card that would allow you to go to Germany and France and Slovenia and England and use your phone there or is this possible to do.

The Galaxy 5 really is a good piece of equipment and yes it is very fast but what a power sponge it is. There are power saving options including the &#34;Ultra&#34; option but that defeats the purpose of the phone. It limits usable apps and leaves the display screens with a dull background. If I wanted that I wouldn't have bought this phone.The thing is the galaxy 5 really is not a phone, it is a very small tablet. It works like a tablet, looks like a tablet and Verizon bills you as it would a tablet. Be very careful with the plan you choose. Once you go over the Gig limit it costs $15.00 for each additional gig used. I booked for 2g at $90.00 per month but quickly called customer service and upped it to 5g at the same price. The people in the stores are not these to help....trust me on this. Moral of this story...stay on WIFI when possible.The last thing is an industry wide problem. Build better batteries. With the way people depend on these things and at a retail price of $600.00 Samsung and the rest should come up with a higher capacity battery. Not everyone has time to charge their phones every few hours. My advice....buy a portable battery pack so you can charge all of your tech toys at any time. Ladies the batteries I am referring to are small, are high capacity and fit in your bag so you can charge while on the go. Guys...we have to make do with pockets.Okay, to wrap this up....Be very careful with your price plan and buy an external battery because there is very little chance this unit makes it through the day.

I've been stuck with my Droid Bionic for 3 years since my sister stole my upgrade previously, and this phone is just a night and day difference. Lightning fast, super easy to use and of course all of the wonders of Google made it extremely easy to setup. I would in every way recommend this phone to anyone in the market for a new one!

I just picked up a Galaxy S5 from Sams the other day and I love it! The only thing I don't like is the navigation. I have yet to find a good navigation app. Other than that, it's fast and has a nice screen size.

I bought this phone as a replacement to his younger brother: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007VCRRNS/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=9325&creativeASIN;=B007VCRRNS&linkCode;=as2&tag;=newcams-20&linkId;=YDSYLW7ZNVIYAIEVSo I expected great things. And I can tell you this phone is more than great!! Not only is the screen bigger than the iPhone as are all of the previous Samsung phones have been but the camera is better. This phone is fast, period! I haven't had any issues with crashing or any of the other problems they were having including the battery lasting, it's like they're talking about a totally different phone. The OS runs smooth and multitasking is always easy, this is the phone for people who know phones and like to be able to do more than just talk on their phone. This phone is without a doubt the best phone on the market right now, hands down!
