
Excellent price and easy activation. Product in original packaging and speedy delivery.

I purchased the Samsumg Galaxy S3 when it first came out. Due to an unlimited data contract, I had opted to continue on through the S4 and just now decided to lose my unlimited data by upgrading to the S5. I must say, losing unlimited data is absolutely worth it.LikesThe remote control feature. I have a horrendous habit of leaving my TV remote across the room. The IR sensor makes changing the channel possible with my phone. It also linked up to my cable provider to show me what is playing, and changes my TV to that particular channel. Gimmicky? Maybe, but I love it.Fingerprint security - very fast. Not as good as iPhone 5S, but still very viable as a means of security. Hopefully will be opened up to other apps and services, such as Google. A lot of people complain that you must be very accurate while moving your finger across the sensor. I have moved my thumb straight up and down as well as tilted 90 degrees and successfully unlocked my phone. In fact, the only angle I haven&#8217;t been able to unlock my phone is by having my thumb oriented upside down.Battery - I haven't had the opportunity to extensively test the battery life yet. However, worth ultra power saving mode on (turns off non essential apps and makes the screen greyscale) the phone reports 10 days of battery life with an 84% charge.IP67 - No dust, no water! I love feeling a little more safe around water. Although the charge port cover is quite annoyingly in the way when it's open.Camera is one of the best I&#8217;ve ever used on a smartphone. Clear, crisp pictures and a FAR more intuitive UI than I experienced on the Galaxy S3. The only complaint I have is that it takes a few seconds for the camera to start, which makes it hard to catch impromptu moments!Fantastic call quality.Beautiful screen. 5.1in full HD Super AMOLEDDislikesThe capacitive button to the left of the physical button no longer handles settings/menu. Now it&#8217;s your multitasking button. My S3 handled multitasking by long pressing the physical button. It&#8217;s a small dislike, and something I&#8217;m sure I&#8217;ll get used to. But I don&#8217;t like it for now.Verizon has disabled the use of the download booster mode which allows 4G and Wifi to act together to enable faster downloads.Bloatware. This is becoming a staple with smartphones, and you can disable almost all bloatware in Android. It does still annoy me!No Lockscreen Widgets. At the time of this writing, it is impossible to add lockscreen widgets. Also, if you customize the current lockscreen, you lose the ability to have fingerprint security.The FenceStill plastic+Makes the phone lighter-Feels more prone to breakHeart-rate Monitor-Gimicky. I don&#8217;t think it will see a lot of use, but only time will tell.Overall: It's a great phone with some very minor issues. If you're upgrading from the S4, I'd skip it, but anything older, and you should absolutely get in on it!

Sprint Spark kills simultaneous voice and data. I went back to my Note 3 because I do a lot of tethering.Pros:-The new TouchWiz interface is clean. The floating/pop up box for incoming calls is great and doesn't take up the whole screen.-The camera is very clear. As a photographer, I am happy with the camera for use in well-lit conditions.-Battery life is great. I usually get extra batteries but the Ultra Power Saving mode has got me holding off on purchasing extra batteries.-The design looks cheap. The chrome bezel looks much cheaper and rounded than on the Note 3.-The screen is bright, sharp and looks great.Cons:-Low-light camera shots are disappointing.-No camera optical image stabilization, which is becoming a standard feature in high-end smartphones.-MTP via USB 3.0 can be buggy and has its limitations. It takes a few minutes to do simple tasks like renaming folders. USB 3.0 isn't on by default and takes three extra steps. Once on, it reverts to 2.0 after four minutes.-The water-resistant cover is flimsy and gets in the way. It would be nice if they made it water-resistant like the 3.5mm plug.-The fingerprint scanner makes it easier to unlock the phone but is tricky to use. It lets you register 3 fingers with about 10 imprints on each, so you can technically register about 30 different angles for multiple fingers. I registered my thumb at different angles so it would recognize it in one swipe. Still no fingerprint shortcuts to apps, etc.-The bezels around the screen are wide, making the screen look smaller than it really is.

Very good it came with in 2 days I would it again

I really like the galaxy. It's extremely fast and one of the best phones Samsung has ever came out with.

This phone is the Ferrari Of Cell Phones {for it's just that fast}! Period. Upgraded from an HTC Evo to this Beast, and couldn't be happier. The ability to go from one app to another, download and listen to music, and write this glowing feedback is Remarkable. Only reason I chose Galaxy S5 was for the TV remote control but got far far more than expected.I've learned how to utilize the security system and find "Pattern", provides great medium level security. The "Fingerprint", appears to have a few bugs so I'll stick with Pattern as a means of security for now.Having a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1, and an existing Gmail address made upgrading via Sprint.com smooth and easy. Taking all the info such as an entire music library, app's, contacts, and folder's from an HTC Evo to the Galaxy S5 and NOT lose a thing was SWEET&EASY;&iexcl;!&#9829;Highly recommend you won't regret it!

Compared to my Samsung Note II, it blows the S5 out of the water.  I'm always asking people to speak up or say it again.  But, with the Note II, they come in loud and clear, to loud.  But for a senior, that's good news, with a little hard of hearing.  Other than that, I think the S5 is light, colorful and sharp looking.  But, if I can't hear people, what good is it?  Going back to ATT.  Really nice folks.

I love my new phone. I haven't be able to test all the features and personalize my phone because as have been so busy. I will update this post later.

BEST DEAL I RECOMMEND AMAZON TO EVERYONE

A bit on the touchy side. Camera is amazing. I like the big screen. I am not familiar with everything it does, but a few videos on youtube will help with that. I switched from an iphone and it was not painful. Just remember to tell your buddies who text you, you are no longer on an iphone so that the phone will not send you a text via imessage. You will not receive messages unless you tell your friends to send it via sms. Other than that. It is a pretty great phone. Ps. It will not do dishes or take the dogs for a walk but you can yell at it and command it to set dates and navigate you to the nearest #whereeveryourheartdesires.

This upgrade was the easiest ever, great price compared to any store. I was even suggested an insurance company for cellphones & laptops that had a little better coverage then Assurion & cheaper monthly/annual pricing.

I love my S5. Battery is very long lasting and the phone is awesome.

Overall everything I expected.  It's a fantastic device.  The cover to the charge port can be difficult to get a fingernail under sometimes to open; which causes me to accidentally hit the power or volume buttons.  The fingerprint recognition isn't perfect and sometimes can be frustrating but still a great feature.  The emergency call feature is a really best idea but too many times I've accidentally sent emergency calls to my wife because the screen wouldn't turn on and I got the power button too many times.

Excellent phine. Super fast and the battery life is anazing!

I love everything about the phone except the fingerprint screen unlock and the new apartment setting screen.

I'm not super technical. I upgraded from my S3 to the S5 for Sprint and thought I'd have more capabilities.  Turns out with Sprints new Spark network stuff that isn't the case.I don't know all the technical reasons, but for the time being on the S5 w/ Sprint you are not able to be on the phone and use the internet unless you are connected to WIFI.  That means no driving and using the GPS and talking to someone simultaneously.  To me that was complete garbage and reason enough to return the phone.The final straw was the fact that Sprint hasn't upgraded their towers in the STL area, so when I swapped phones I would no longer get 4G in STL.  My S3 had no problem accessing it, but this new Spark thing really screwed up my connection on the S5.  I'm sure eventually it will be fixed, but I didn't feel like paying for an upgraded phone to have diminished capabilities for who knows how long.

It freezes a lot, brand new out of the box.  I like all the features,  but I hate the fact that it freezes and sometime's jump screens

They bkock my phone beacuse they want! I can't belive this! $700 to the trash

Love this phone

5/2/14Google, Samsung & Sprint have a mix of bloatware they stuff into each generation of phone.  Let me suggest something for the next update from each of these parties:  Please include the ability to enable/disable all of your &#34;cool&#34; ideas.  (And do not tell your boss that you do when you only do some.)For example, Samsung recently shuffled the set of software features between S4 and S5.  Some good idea such as lock screen apps disappeared with other not so good things such as trial subscriptions were added.  The core problem is that Samsung removes the original ability within Google Android to selectively disable (turn off) apps.  It is great that Samsung tries to filter forward a set of interesting apps;  Please allow me to disable or enable those apps that you filter forward.For example, Sprint (Softbank) continues to press in app purchase of subscription for voicemail to text conversion. The nagware in Sprint voicemail has no option to disable the nagging even though they think they have some basic options.  Sprint has outsourced voicemail as a profit center.  It is truly pressing boundaries for Sprint to insert advertisements in voicemail.  Please allow me to turn off the nagware.  How many times does one have to opt out?Let's encourage them to get a firmware update that benefits we their paying consumers so we can turn off the in app purchases and advertisements.

After having an iPhone since smartphones became a thing, I decided to take the plunge and switch over to the Android universe. I really wanted Swype and to have a bigger screen and faster processing. I am by no means a techie, just someone that uses her phone for everything and wanted a change. I am writing this review for laymen like me.The Galaxy S5 does not disappoint.Pros: This phone is great. The camera blows iPhone's away. It's fast and I can have several apps open at the same time and it doesn't slow it down. The colors are so vivid and websites, photos, and games are crisp. I love the apps that I've found, including an app called Optimize that allows the user to maximize their battery life with a click of a button. I watch videos and read books on this phone and the screen is the perfect size. It's also not too bulky, as the phone itself is pretty slender. Another big difference are the widgets, which give you easy access to your favorite apps, and the ease with which the phone syncs with my Google calendar. I also love the Google Now feature, which can be accessed by holding down the center button and gives you a rundown of your day, scores from the game, recommendations based off your recently viewed, websites. I have had this phone a month and am still discovering things about it.Cons: The battery does drain pretty quickly, if you are using it all day like I am. But on the upside, there is an easy way to switch your phone to power saving mode (I've done that and had it last a day and a half with no charge). There are a lot of apps that come with the phone, many of which are similar to one another. My biggest gripe is that the charger on this model is different than the Galaxy S4 and most other models, so I recommended buying an additional charger or cord now. Finally, there was a pretty big learning curve, so just prepare to be frustrated at first. It goes away, I promise.Overall, I am extremely happy with this phone!

This phone is such a disappointment.  You cannot talk on the phone and use data.  Huge step backward.  Shame on you Sprint.  The heartbeat monitor and pedometer barely work.  I am annoyed every time I pick up this phone.  I called to try and get it exchanged but was on the 16th day.... there is nothing they can do.  I used the voice and data simultaneously on my old phone all of the time.  This is unacceptable.  So tremendously disappointed.  $350 to cancel or I can buy a different phone retail.  Terrible.

I am in absolute love with the S5! I bought the white,  gave my husband the black. I upgraded from a Droid 4, this is his introduction to Android devices.In a nutshell if upgrading from anything over a year old and a power user,  I highly recommend the S5.  Fast charge time, long battery life, ease of use,  powerful,  extremely awesome camera!

THE CHARGERPlease note that while the Samsung Galaxy S5 has a special looking port for charging (the new USB 3.0 design) it IS absolutely compatible with existing micro-USB chargers.  You CAN use the old charger from one of your old Android powered devices! Just plug it into the right side of the port, the part that looks like a micro-USB port.  It just happens to charge really really quickly if you use a USB 3.0 cable, but it's not necessary to do so.THE AMAZING SCREENFirst things first, this display is nicer than any I have ever seen.  It is so sharp I cannot see individual pixels with my naked eye.  It's also bright, very bright!  It's perfectly usable on a bright sunny day at noon without a cloud in the sky.  I noted that when switching between the highest setting with and without auto-brightness, the screen actually brightened more with the auto-brightness feature enabled, but only in really bright conditions!  So if it's extremely bright outside, leave the auto-brightness feature enabled, it actually appears to be able to reach a higher brightness that way.  The auto-brightness feature is superbly implemented anyway, so I'd recommend leaving it on regardless.  I upgraded from the S3, and I immediately noticed the whiter whites, darker blacks, extremely realistic and still vibrant colors, and even the capability of dimming the screen much more effectively (which is really nice when using the phone in bed).THE INSANELY AWESOME ULTRA-POWER SAVING MODEThis thing is for real.  With 10 percent power left, you get usability the rest of the day.  The S5 has a super amoled screen, so black pixels don't draw any power as opposed to back-lit LCD screens.  Ultra-power saving mode turns the screen black and white, and gives you a jet-black interface with up to six black and white icons.  It reduces the screen frame rate, shuts down two of the four cores (the phone is a quad core phone), reduces in half the speed of the remaining two cores, shuts down almost all background processes, disables most apps, and sips power all the while letting you text, call, and surf the web.  You can check your email via the web, but can't use the email or gmail apps.  Basically it turns your phone into one of those old flip phones that lasted forever.  That's pretty sweet in a pinch!You know, those moments when you're sitting at the auto-service center, sweating bullets because you're about to embark on the Ramen noodle diet for the remainder of the year?  And on top of that your phone's about to die, and all you want it to do is hang on for another few minutes so you can get the invoice and make this call: "Honey, it's the flux capacitor.  I guess a device that involves 1.21 gigawatts isn't cheap.  It's gonna be 5 gazillion dollars.  I think we're gonna be eating Ramen noodles for a while.  Can you get one of the chili flavored packs ready for me?  I'll be home in about 20 minutes.  Don't let me forget to cancel the newspaper.  That'll save us a few ... well, dear, I'm pretty sure we need the flux capacitor ... yes, I know ... but college isn't all that important these days anyway; they'll be fine ... Alright, will do.  I love you too."  At least with the S5 you don't have to worry about your phone.  It's not gonna die before you get back.Right now my phone is at 91% power.  I just activated ultra-power saving mode, and it says I'd get 11.4 DAYS of standby time.  I figure with regular use I'd get a week.  You could literally charge your phone to 100% before a week-long vacation, flip on ultra power-saving mode, use your phone normally and probably make it the entire week without having to charge it.  I'd love to test that theory.  But suffice it to say that gone are the days of needing to worry about a dead phone when you're out all day and don't have access to a charger.THE SECURITY OF A FINGERPRINT SCANNERIt takes some getting used to, but once you set up your fingerprints, you can easily activate the phone by swiping your finger or thumb (I set mine up for one-handed use using my thumb, and after a week, it registers on the first try just about every time).  No one else can access my phone and should I try and fail to unlock the phone too many times, I can then enter a password to unlock it.  I had to do that a few times the first day of use.  But with frequent use, I quickly learned to unlock my phone on the first attempt.  I am a huge fan of the fingerprint scanner.THE IR BLASTERI can use the IR blaster to operate my TV.  Along with Bluetooth and WiFi, the infrared blaster basically gives you the chance to make your phone a universal remote!  Yes I use it, yes it works, yes it's another awesome feature.WATER AND DUST RESISTANTI love that you could accidentally drop the phone in a puddle or have it fall out of your shirt pocket into the toilet, sink, or bathtub and you'll be just fine.  It's nice that a downpour won't short-circuit your phone, and it's pretty spectacular that if you forgot to take the phone out of your pocket before doing a load of laundry, you'd likely retrieve a perfectly operable phone from the washing machine.  Not sure about dust resistance, I never had a phone die from dust, but I'm guessing it's happened before and it's nice that it won't with this phone.THE CAMERAIt's a behemoth.  It's a 16 megapixel camera that takes beautiful and sharp pictures.  It takes great low-light pics without the need for activating the camera flash.  I used it during my Nephew's baptism recently.  My aunt saw the pictures on my screen as I took them and reviewed them.  After the baptism, she looked at my phone and said, "Your phone takes such beautiful pictures!  I'd rather have a phone that takes pictures like that than this thing (she was holding up her really nice digital camera)!THE DESIGNIt's functional folks.  The S5 is made of a nice looking textured soft-feeling plastic that I think looks quite premium (although it's panned in almost every official review for being made of plastic).  Mine is white and looks fantastic, but isn't quite as soft as the black variant--which is actually a dark grey rather than black (I chose the white because it looks really good).  Nonetheless the plastic seems more scratch resistant than metal, due to its softness.  It feels nice in the hand and doesn't get hot or cold the way metal gets.  It's nice and grippy too, and that's important.  You don't want to go around dropping a premium phone.  And because it's flexible, the plastic cover pulls right off the back of the phone so you can replace the battery (which isn't really necessary with Ultra-power saving mode--see above), or add some extra storage with MicroSD card slot.THE NEGATIVEThe only negative I've seen is the loudness of the speaker.  It doesn't get all that loud.  Some people complain about the plastic.  For the reasons I mentioned above, I don't.  I prefer the textured plastic to just about anything else.  Others actually complain about the port cover!  To them I say BOO-FREAKING-HOO!  Oh no, a cover that lets your phone survive a tumble through the freaking washing machine!  How truly awful!THE VERDICTUltimately the S5 looks really nice, stays alive forever (as far as modern smart phones go, anyway), can be used as a universal remote, has an incredibly bright and stunningly beautiful display that is readable in the direct light of the sun, has a fantastic camera, has a really convenient and pretty sure proof security system with the fingerprint scanning set up, can survive a tumble through the washing machine as well as lots of dust, and has a plastic design that allows for the immediate and screw-less opening of the device for the swapping of a battery or the addition of a MicroSD card!  Five stars?  Well, since you can't give 4.9 stars (minus 0.1 for the speaker), yep!

I bought the Samsung Galaxy S5 after researching almost every phone out there. I was replacing the S2 and Wagner to stay with an Android system. It has taken me a couple of weeks  fully appreciate the size of the viewing window and just how amazing this phone truly is (changing phones is always difficult for me, lol). The download speed is super fast; the colors are vibrant; camera is great and the options to save battery life's is a nice feature especially when traveling. I did have to replace the car charger as If no longer fit my new phone but no biggie.  I am falling in love with my Galaxy S5 : ).

Not a huge upgrade over my old S4 but a great phone.

I just upgraded from an S2 to the S5.  The phone has tons of functionality (much of which I don't even know how to use yet).  I love the fact that I can split the screen to use two apps at once.  I also love access to the new LTE Spark network (something my S2 could not access).I do not like the fingerprint password option, as it seems to require too much work for me to perfectly pass my finger across the specified area of the phone.  I also do not like how the menu key was removed from the phone's actual hardware.  (There are now only three buttons:  home, back, and toggle.)  Without the menu key, I could not access anything I had saved in my Allrecipes app (b/c the app does not have a built in menu option).Other that that, I'd say the phone is wonderful, and I'm happy to have upgraded.

I just got this at Best Buy.  The carrier is Verizon Wireless.  The phone is really well built.  The back is easy to remove, so you can add a 128GB MicroSD card.  I added a 64GB card myself.  Then, I used a samsung application to use iTunes to write music to my Samsung S5 just like it's an iPod.  This is great.  So I'm not stuck with iPhone/iPod and iTunes.  Sound quality is excellent on my McIntosh/Sonus Faber audio system.I was worried that I would have trouble typing on the touch screen, but this has a bigger screen than iPhone, so it's much easier to type on this than it is to type on an iPhone.

Best phone to date. Would reccommend to everyone

This is by far my most favorite phone. The picture quality, fingerprint protection, design, everything about it screams great. Love it!

Love the Galaxy s5 I believe it's the best cell phone out there.

I got the phone on Friday. Enjoying it very much so far. The reason I am writing this review is to comment on the finger print reader.I read lots of reviews on the GS5 and was expecting the finger print reader to be Error prone. Many of the reviews I have read say the reader fall short of the Iphone finger print reader.  I have never owned an Iphone with there finger print reader , and I assume it may be a little nicer then the Samsnung finger print reader, although the Samsung finger print reader seems flawless to me and a very nice way to unlock the phone.

Except for the glass, I don't see anything wrong with this phone. It is an amazing phone.The glass is not made with the best Gorilla glass in the market. You will need a screen protector. Otherwise, you will crack the glass very easily.It is a very fast phone. The screen is a little bit larger than the S4. For me the phone is almost on the limit of how big a phone should be. But it is quite light. I don't consider it a bulky phone.

UPDATE: Based on @lornear's comments below, I can confirm a micro USB plug fits and I have made a mistake. My apology to Samsung also. After I have switched over completely from the S3, I'll update this review but for now the S5 looks good. I like the clicking sound when typing with the virtual keyboard.OUTDATED REVIEW...PLEASE IGNORE:  First thing I noticed which is so important i need to point it out before i go to any other parts. This will affect your bottom line. YOU CAN'T USE YOUR OTHER CHARGERS TO CHARGE THIS PHONE. What I liked about Android was their consciousness that the buyer is not made of money. I use to love as I could charge my Samsung with any of the USB plugs lying around the house or if you travel. Now it's like Apple, you have to buy a custom $28+ charger if you don't want to lug around a power source.  WTF was Samsung thinking?

Everthing! Not too big. Get a good case. This machine deserves it. I'm still learning the phone but so far we're getting on better than me & the S3.

The best phone better then LG. Got it at very good price. Love the new features. Love the fingerprint feature

I freaking love this phone. Finally was able to upgrade and I'm more than pleased.But I wouldn't expect anything less.

Love it. Great price.  Android needs a few more apps to complete the phone. Nice big screen, bright l, colorful, and sharp.

I am disappointed with this cellphone, the battery life is terrible and it freezes frequently when I play games on it.

love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why the Galaxy S5 is better than my old iphone 4:-It's bigger and texting is easier, but it's not so big as to be inconvenient-has more memory for a cheaper price. I have 5 times more apps and music on the galaxy-you don't need an itunes account-the graphics are wayyyyyy better. It's like a mini HD TV (great for the netflix lovers!)-the camera is much better for videos-it's supposedly water resistant for those that accidentally drop their phones in the toilet. I know too many girls with too-tight pockets that lose their phones this way, so this is a great phone for girls or women who wear tight jeans-fingerprint password is cool-lighterNow what's annoying about it?-I don't know if I can get rid of galaxy gifts and galaxy essentials. The ad for it takes up half my background and I don't find it useful.-it's been crashing from certain apps. How does one small app crash a phone with a hell of a lot more power than the first spaceship?-you need a light on to plug the charger into the phone because the slit is tinyBE WARNED! If you are switching from iphone to android, know that imessages will still go to your old iphone, even after it's been deactivated. Anybody with an iphone that imessages you (which is btw often automatic with iphones) will send a text to your old phone and your new phone WILL NOT GET IT UNTIL THEY MAKE IT A REGULAR SMS. I activated my galaxy myself instead of going to Sprint, so maybe they would have fixed that for me. But Apple is sketchy, so be sure to ask and make sure.

After two days of owning the Galaxy S5, I quickly found that I liked my S3 more than this phone.For one thing, this phone feels bulky. I don't know if it was because I was used to the S3, but it just felt awkward and squarish to me. The HTC One M8 not only looks nicer but felt more comfortable to hold when I saw it in store. The HTC also sports front-facing speakers and has very clear sound quality, while the S5 seems muffled because its speakers are in the back (why they are in the back, I do not know).After powering the phone on and doing the initial setup, I opened up the camera. I took a couple test shots using the normal back camera, and then I tried out the front camera. To my surprise, the picture was distorted! It stretched the top and bottom parts of the frame and creates an odd, enlongated appearance. A quick google search revealed that other people are experiencing the same issue, and there seems to be no fix. For a premium, flagship smartphone, this is unacceptable. Perhaps for those who don't use the front camera this is probably not a big deal. But I couldn't stand looking at my stretched out face.Moving on to the lockscreen: Unlike the Galaxy S3, you cannot add lockscreen widgets such as Dashclock. I don't know why it was removed in this phone. The only thing you can change is the wallpaper and the unlock method. The finger print scanner leaves much to be desired. "Swipe faster." "Swipe slower." "Swipe the entire pad." are the messages that I received when trying to use it to unlock my phone. I eventually had to use my backup password.Overall, I was disappointed with the Galaxy S5. I didn't like how some features were taken out and replaced by gimmicky features such as the fingerprint scanner and the heart rate monitor. I'm in the process of exchanging it with either the HTC One M8 or the LG G3 (soon to arrive in the US).

Provides me with the best features, services, and apps it keeps me in the know.  Great buy I recommend to all.

My android experience has been exclusively the Nexus series.  To which I can't say enough good things about it.With the new Galaxy, I throw a fit of rage on the very first day.  First, that annoying port cover.  Who designed a $700 computer with a flimsy port cover that is bound to break.  It's not a matter of if, it's when, and how soon.Second, the Black screen after period of inactivity.  I got this, especially if you are listening to music.  When you try to turn it back on, the entire screen goes Black.  And your only recourse is to pull off that battery, restart it again.Third, bloatware galore.  16GB of memory space, to which you you only have less &#60;11 GB left.  The other 5-6 GB is full of crapware from Samsung, you can't even remove.I can't wait to get the next series of Nexus, then I can dump this one to the dustbin, where it truly belongs.

My wife and I are beyond disappointed with this phone. I would give it zero stars if it was an option.* The interface is horrible - takes up to four 'clicks' just to make a simple phone call* The battery life is horrible - we have all the fun features turned off and still can't make it a full day without a charge* The support is horrible - The cover for the micro USB detached from the phone. Sprint can't fix it because Samsung won't let them open the phone. Samsung requires us to ship the phone to them for 2 weeks to fix it under warranty....and the phone is less than two months old.I have never been more regretful of a purchase that I have made.

Let's keep this straightforward and simple:Pros:- Fingerprint sensor works well. While the instructions say to swipe straight downwards, it is actually possible to register your fingerprint at an angle. Do it correctly, and unlocking it one-handed becomes easy. Here's someone who made a video of this: [...]- After a full day of super intense use, the battery is usually left at around 25-35%. This is far better than previous phones I've had.- The camera is excellent in daylight, decent in low-light situations. However, the daytime photos are stunningly good, gorgeous even.- plastic is grippy in hand, looks better in person than in pictures.- used in rain for a solid 30 minutes, the phone received a thorough soaking and still worked perfectly. water resistant claims hold true. Do note, though, that you must have the back cover on properly so that it can create a waterproof seal.- S health is useful if you make use of it. It can track interesting metrics such as the amount of calories you burn in a day, and the amount you walk around in your daily routine. However, the phone does occasionally get inaccurate readings. A vast majority of the time, though, it works fine.- swappable battery is HUGE. You know how your battery gets worn down over a two year contract, and by the time your contract is up, your battery life sucks so you need to replace your ENTIRE phone? Well, you can just replace the battery with a brand new one, and BAM, battery life back to as if it was new.- TV remote is cool and can be useful- Ultra-power saving mode, when on, can extend battery life to (claimed by Samsung) 10 or so full days. Let me repeat: 10 FULL days. I've tested it for one day, and the entire day killed only about 8-10% battery. Do the math and, well, it seems to fit.- One-handed operation can be done, and Samsung has created a few neat tricks to operate one-handed. Use one-handed modes when you need it, enjoy the larger (and gorgeous) screen when you don't need to use it one-handed.- AMOLED Screen for the S5, according to Displaymate's tests, is the BEST ever made. Anandtech also claims that the screen is pretty much superior in nearly every aspect to it's LCD counterparts. But you should see it for yourself, it is absolutely gorgeous and works well in full daylight conditions.- USB 3.0 port is BACKWARDS COMPATIBLE with your older chargers. You just need to plug in your older chargers into the right side of the port at the bottom. USB 3.0 port also means that, with the proper charger, it charges faster than any other phone on the market. Also, you can get usb 3.0 speeds for transfers, which can be anywhere from 2x-5x faster than usb 2.0 speeds (note, usb 3.0 only works with Windows at the moment).- MicroSD supports up to 128gb. I don't think anything else needs to be said.- Android is less restrictive than IOS, but they're both still good operating systems. Choose the one that fits you best.Cons:- speaker could be improved- camera, while amazing, does have some gimmicky features that can be ignored- USB 3.0 is cool, but bottom flap to cover it is not cool. I'd say look into getting a wireless charger ASAP, so you don't have to worry about the stupid flap. To be fair, though, the flap is needed for the IP67 water and dust resistance that the S5 has.- Touchwiz can be a pain sometimes, but for the most part, it doesn't detract from the overall experienceLook up "Ultimate Samsung Galaxy S5 Water Test" on Youtube if you want to see the Galaxy S5 survive through both a 1m deep swimming pool, and a full cycle in a washing machine.Will update as I use the phone more.Edit:Pro - You could actually use a pencil/pen with the phone, as long as you enable high-screen-sensitivity in the settings. With a screen protector on the phone, I can now write/draw stuff fairly accurately. There's no palm rejection like the Note 3, but it's still a nice option to have when needed.Pro - phone notification window, where you can minimize incoming calls into a little facebook-chat-like-bubble, and continue using your phone while chatting with whomever. It's pretty neat, you have to enable it in the "Call" menu in the settings.Con - when the speaker is on really loud, you could physically feel the back of the phone vibrate. It's rather uncomfortable and unsettling, get a case ASAP.Con - Wireless charging does not come default with the phone. It costs $30 for a replacement wireless charging back, and it isn't even available to buy yet! Samsung, come on.Edit 2:While the S5 is advertised to be water resistant, DON'T do anything crazy like run your phone under running water. It is still a $600 piece of electronics, so needlessly risking that is not the best idea. Also, running one under a faucet is especially bad; running water equates to pressurized water, something the s5 was NOT tested to handle. Don't risk it. Just know that the water resistance is a good fallback, but don't rely on it. If you want water resistance that's reliable, get a Sony phone (they don't have removable backs, so no water leak risk).

Very glad for the change although with Sprint you can't talk and surf at the same time unless using WiFi which is backwards considering this is a newer model.

Had an HTC before I had to have an I-phone. Now I realize what I've been missing. Thanks Samsung, we will never go back. Android rules. Now if Sprint can just get more LTE. Someday....someday....some...

First off I would like to applaude the customer service...we had a snag with sprint and the guy was so helpful even took the time to call me and let me know updates on what was going on so they did amazing. We got it figured out late last night and I received my phone today. So amazing job there.Now I had the galaxy 3 and loved it. This phone is so much better. Its reaction time is amazing it had a fast powerup and ive been playing with the phone for about four hours now and my battery is still at 56%. I would recommend this phone to anyone who loves android. I have had nothing but good luck with samsung items. Phones tablets and more. Amazing product great job samsung!

I am here to write an horriable experience with Samsung. I bought an S5 in Asia in hoping to support 4G TD LTE bands in Asia. And the phone came with no google apps, nor it can be installed, samsung had locked the phone to be able to install any google services. When I talked to samsung see if there's a solution, they simplely refused to help as well as not offering a refund which is with-in the purchase return policy. There's simply no warrning sign or any notice on the box or through any form of education indicated google apps/serices cannot be installed. And the fact is my life and business depends on goolge apps/services. I simply bought a smart phone which has the smart tooken away and non even Google or Samsung or the carrier willling to help. I have been dealing with this for days and no one can help. this is absulotly the worst experience I ever had of buying anything.

I am a huge fan of Samsung products. I own a Samsung television, I have purchased two Samsung S4's (one for me & the other for my daughter), countless amounts of other Samsung accessories (including the Samsung gear smartwatch without the camera-big mistake btw). But this Galaxy S5 is awesome! I still learning things about the phone but that is what makes it so awesome. The ultra power saving mode is what makes this phone stand alone.

#Before i start, I am so glad I waited for S5 to come out instead of getting the S4 since I heard S4 have overheating issue and lag from touchwiz once you have it for a while#Peformance- holy cow!! This phone is rediculously fast as heck! Way faster than my old Galaxy S3 dual core version!. Everying seem to just fly away!#-battery- I can't gauge the battery life since it hasn't been long since I got this phone from the store but am sure it will last longer than my S3.# update 4-15-15# so its been a couple of days since I have S5 and I could give a good idea to how long the battery last on me. It last me the whole day if I were to use it on unlimited data while web browsing, calling, texting and  some gaming and videos/music. I try to charge it fully to 100% and play heavy 3d games nonstop and it last me about 4hrs+. In other words, its definitely last longer than my S3 and my friend S4.#gaming- modern combat 4, NOVA 3, real racing 3, gt racing 2, dead trigger 2, nfs most wanted and others heavy 3d games are running excellent on this phone accept there are some lag here and there and that's due to poor optimization from the Dev.#4g lte- I compare the connective speed to my older bro LG G2 4g lte on T-Mobile and its about the same speed.#screen- the screen on this phone is really nice/crispy clear. Too be expected from the resolution spec.#build quality- its feel really good in the hand compare to my S3 and since i nor none of my family own an s4, I can't compare with it.# update 4-15-15# I got a chance to hold an S4 from a friends and I could say that, the S5 feel more comfortable and grip to hold onto than the S4.#touchwiz- I know some people hate the touchwiz on Samsung phone but I don't really mind as long as I could get things done I need too. To me, the touchwiz is much much better than my S3 and it looks like it doesn't take up too much ram like the S3. It's much faster and fluid with the help of Snapdragon 801 of course and 2gb ram.#camera- yea! No more bringing my camera with me whenever I want to take a pic! The quality of the camera on this phone is amazing! It take reallllyy good pictures!#update 4-15-15# Am loving the camera on this phone so much. There're just so many things to do to edit the picture once you have take!# In conclusion, I am glad I waited to get the S5 rather than the S4. It was worth the long wait! I'll come back and update about couple weeks later.#update- 4-13-15#fingerprints- Its a cool feature and it does work but I find it a bothersome since I could just slide the bar in less than 1 sec while the fingerprint scanner take about 4+ sec but that's just me though.#water proof- I have finally made my decision and decide to put my S5 in a cold/hot water for 1 minutes straight and its still working normal as it is so yea, it's waterproof.

Awful pun, I know, but let's move on!The Galaxy S5 is a PINNACLE of true engineering and probably the best phone you can get on the market right now. Here are some pro's and cons to get you hyped!# Screen looks AMAZING! Bright colors, bright backlight made of LED (Less power consumtion) and the colors are AMAZINGLY VIVID!# Battery Life is GREATLY improved, and can be extended FOR DAYS with the Ultra Battery Saver mode!# WATER PROOF, DUST PROOF?! YES, IT IS TRUE. I've spent 5 hours in the POURING rain at a Skrillex concert taking photos and making texts and this baby DID NOT EVEN FLINCH. Galaxy S5 is a FRICKIN BEAST!!!!# USB 3.0 Charger will make transfering songs onto your new phone FAST AS HECK! Also, HELLO?! EXPANDABLE MEMORY?! CAN I GET A 128gb OF EXTRA SPACE APPLE?! NO, NO YOU CANT! CAN I GET 128gb OF EXTRA SPACE SAMSUNG?! YES!!!! YES YOU CAN!!!# Camera? This thing takes photos so well, I use it for proffesional photography! Also, this thing can take 4k quality Videos and photos. 4K! THATS THE FUTURE BRO!!!# Games?! HECK THIS THINGS GPU IS OVER 9,000!!! YOU CAN PLAY FRIGGIN N.O.V.A. 3 WITH ZERO LAG! ZERO. LAG!!!!!! Angry Birds?! BAH! YOU ARE ONLY TOUCHING THE SURFACE BRO!# Design?! LOOKS LIKE A FRIGGIN SUPER MODEL OF THE PHONE MARKET! TAKE HER TO DINNER!!! NOW!!!# All in all? GET THIS PHONE, IT SOLVES EVERYTHING. ITS THE NEW FRIEND!!!! Take it with you EVERYWHERE, it is YOUR DESTINY!

If you want to use it outside US (with your own sim card), you have to subscribe for a Sprint account and use at least 90 days with the sprint sim card. Otherwise they do not unlock the phone for other sim cards.For more info, please google for "Unlocking Policy - Sprint"

This phone is a substantial improvement in features and speed over my S II.Can't find fault with the phone, except it appears there is an upgrade to the camera software, but I cannot find out how to get it. My camera has far fewer features than Samsungs e-mails to me show. Haven't had the opportunity to call tech support to see if it can be fixed.

This phone does what it needs to do, but to the most minimal extent. Phone has lots of will power but due to the OS there's nothing remaining on the phone to show you its real performance. I'm coming from an iPhone 5S and I truly wish I could go back to the iPhone 5S. This phone only consists of lag and crashing springboard. With everything you can do on the phone its awesome but at the end of the day I found myself no longer using the phone. It's bulky and not suitable for the regular user. The iPhone is far more user friendly and get the job done in a fraction of the time compared to Android. Also with all honesty the most disgusting thing about this phone is how dumbed down the apps are. Nothing is intuitive and a lot of apps just force me to open a Web page to complete whatever I'm doing.

Never thought I would use the  s health but it's awesome.  I walk 5 to 7 miles per shift at work! Battery life is not as long as I expected so I occasionally lug around the charger which is no longer micro usb. That's why it doesn't get five stars from me. You'll have to change over all your accessories to accommodate the new tip. It's super fast and the screen is without a match! Graphics are beautiful. Tried the finger print scanner but took it off almost immediately.  Needs some perfecting.  Amazon is easy to work with.  I had a Sprint issue homing up the phone b/c I have an older account but other than that... Easy!

IM NOT THAT MUCH OF A NOW IT ALL WHEN IT COMES TO ELECTRONICS BUT I DO KNOW GOOD PRODUCTS WHEN I SE THEM AND USE THEM. I HAD A HARD DECISION BETWEEN THE S 5 AND THE NOTE 3. YES THE S 5 HAS A SLIGHTLY BETTER CAMERA, WONT BE NOTICED, AND EXTRA PROTECTION AND OF COURSE IT WATER PROOF. BUT I FOUND THAT THE SCREEN BEING WELL OVER A INCG LARGER, THE QUAD CORE, YES QUAD CORE PROCESSOR AND THE PEN FUCTION TO BE MORE THAN JUST A MATCH. WHILE BOTH ARE GREAT AS I AM SAMSUNG ALL THE WAY FOR ME THE NOTE 3 WINS BIG. FOR OTHERS THE S 5 WILL. BUT BEFORE YOU JUMP ON THE NEW LOOK AT WHAT I HAVE PRODUCT TAKE THE TIME TO TEST IT NEXT TO A NOTE 3. THE CHOICE WILL BE EASIER THEN YOU THINK.

The worst day ever. I dropped this phone and yes it broke. I had a s3 and dropped it a lot and it withstand  it. But the s5 first dropip it's dead. There's 200 down the drain...but besides this I love the phone . Great camera, feel, and size....

Everything on this phone is better than the Galaxy S4. The internals, the camera, and the build quality. The phone is a little bit larger and harder to hold than its predecessor so if you have small hands you might want to hold the device before purchasing it.Check out the video for an overview of the device and its features! Make sure to check out the beginning of the video on the DarGadgetZ youtube channel since I can't upload videos longer than 10 minutes.

My upgrade became available just in time to get the S5. I shopped around for the best deal and pre-ordered it at a local store. I really liked the phone initially. The fingerprint scanner is a great feature. I had no problems with the response or speed of the phone. Still had some network issues with calls but, I'm use to it with Sprint. After all that, I discovered that this phone does not allow you to Talk & Surf at the same time. For the entire week, I was on a call and made several attempts to get on the internet or do something data related and I would get a "no connection" error. I thought there must be a setting I was missing, so I tried changing the networks to all that was available (CDMA, LTE/CDMA, GSM, Automatic). Each time, I would make a phone call and try the internet and it never worked. Which means, there's no Facebooking, Instagraming, Hangouts, Google Maps/Search, BBM, Twitter, GroupMe...NOTHING data related while on a call. The only time it works is when the phone is connected to a Wi-Fi zone. This was UNACCEPTABLE for me! Hence, the reason I gave it 2 stars. I upgraded from an S3 to the S5 and never had an issue with surfing the net while on a call on my S3. I Talk & Surf everyday. Apparently, this phone was developed with the new 'Spark LTE' network which does not allow Talk & Surf. You can only do one at a time due to a hardware change in the phone from dual band to single band. If you're in the middle of downloading, uploading, surfing, etc., and a call comes in, the phone will immediately cut off your data and will not resume until you end the call. I Googled this issue and it is legitimate based on Sprint Community Forums. Also, I contacted the local Sprint store and they verified this as well. Therefore, I returned the S5 before my grace period was up and got the Note 3 instead. Now, I can Talk & Surf again!!If Talk & Surf is important to you as it is to me, I suggest that you stick with the S3, S4, or the Notes. Stay away from any phone that says "Spark LTE" until Sprint fixes it.

Price was great and phone is everything you need! LOVE!

The phone is great but the Sprint store gave me a hard time about getting it connected. The store was a 3rd party repair store. The phone was suppose to come ready and activated but for some reason it didn't...that is how I ended up sitting in the store for about an hour...

I upgraded my wife's phone from the S2 to this S5 and there is many good improvements.  The battery life for me is one of the big ones but of course the camera, display, speed of the processor, and overall refinements of it's functions are some of the other improvements.  I like android because the alternative (apple) makes you  use their software and hardware for everything as well as having an internal battery that when it starts to  fail it is a major issue.  Did I mention that it's waterproof?  That is really cool.  Especially since her S2 kicked it when she accidentally dropped it in water.

I got the S5 the other day and it's awesome! Fast, consistent and what a screen! Of course you have to turn off all the bloat-wear to get good battery life. I'm at 25% battery now after 38 hours of Light to medium use! Again, you should be savvy with Android OS to get the best use and remove or archive the bloat-wear but man, 2800 mha never felt so good! The phone feels good in your hand too. Not too big, but I have big hands. And it's light even with an Otter Box case! I really like this phone!

Awesome phone!!!

It's actually because of Sprint not the phone itself. If I am correct Sprint never had that capability in the first place.

I love this phone. Upgraded from s3. Love the feel. The new casing is awesome. Love the bigger screen for videos. New apps are not too shabby either. Love s health and heart rate monitor. Being water resistant is a plus also. Can take pics at the water park this summer without being paranoid &#128131;&#11013;&#11013;&#11013;and finally emojis without having to download an app&#128588;

I love this phone. Coming from an S4 it still a decent upgrade.I highly recommend this phone.I really like the fingerprint scanner for unlocking it.

Bought this as a gift for my daughter.  She completely loves it!  Have an iPhone, and finally pulled her away from the darks side...

I upgraded my s3 with s5 and I was very excited . I preordered it. I am disappointed with battery life. I had to recharge phone 3 times a day with a light use. I dont know i had a lemon or not but it is not acceptable. I returned it after 1 week of use. I will continue with my s3 untill iphone 6 comes

Is not what I was expecting, do not know if it is the Sprint poor service or the unit itself. I'm not a happy camper considering the money I had to pay.

The phone is too big.  The S3 was alright, the S4 was pushing the limits but thin enough to be OK, the S5 is LARGE - its big in your hand, too big for pockets, very thick with a case on.They went too far.

This telephone is blocked, doesn't acept any SIM card. I don't know what I can do with this s***!I'm desapointed about it!!!

My daughter adores thus phone.  Great features, reliable, & well designed.
