
The studio is a great phone..once I  tweeked the APN settings it works flawlessly..I am going to get another one soon.

I just got  this phone and I really love it, very simple to work with. One little problem I have with it, the phone is not reading my memory card I don't know if any of you guys who have this phone could help me; apart from that everything is ok with the phone I really love the 5&#34; screen, the camera is ok and the size too. It's just what I wanted.

Love my new phone. Big and bright screen. Might not be the biggest or brightest or most colorful screen but like prior comments say it is rock bottom price for rock solid performance.

First the good parts, it is pretty, has even screen lighting & colors, it gets ATT in our house with minimal probems while my wife's Nexus shows 0 or 1 bar & drops calls every day.  Sound is usually good but can be terrible.  Just stand still and retry call for better sound.  Arrived in nice box with clear silicon cover and screen protector film.Now the bad parts, Blu said reload Bible.is & I did.  Bible.is is what we listen to every night till breakfast.  This phone flashes a screen of Bible.is every time it wakes, fails to play Bible.is thru night, does not show text along with spoken text.  It took a week to download all of ESV Bible, then hid or lost the 66 Bible boks of audio.  Another week of downloading got ESV Bible playing strangely but phone switched to KJV Bible. Most USB cables fall out, a few hold jack tightly.  Camera may be reject from production of other phones.  No flash control, no macro mode, no picture quality regardless of setting.  This phone does strange things, more than just making calls when it wants to any one in address book.  Unlock usually starts dialer, sometimes camera, somtimes just unlocks to home screen.Bible.is is the app I use most, by far most, so phone will be returned.  Blu web has nice comparison screens to choose a phone.Possibly this is a good phone design, good parts & some memory problem but I will get another model.

Lovely

Fantastic phone ! Affordable!  Fast! Light Weight! Great battery life !! Excellent video quality. I'm very happy with this purchase.

Love the phone. i needed a big screen and this one has it. The price is awesome. I have straight talk so price is important. Only trouble is can't get picture messages to send or receive. Straight talk can't seem to get settings right. Not the phone's fault though.

I have been using this phone for the last month.  It is responsive and has a great display.  I highly recommend it.

This phone appears to be a awesome phone. It definitely is not. It is the worst decision I have ever made as far as phone shopping. Blu's customer service is even worse than the product. I do want to say that I did not buy my phone from Amazon. There is a part in the phone called the proximity sensor. This is supposed to turn the screen off when the phone is near your face. If it doesn't work you will hit random buttons on the pone with your face. This is o of many things that sucked on this phone.Icon would move on their own from screen to screen. The camera is really bad. The picture quality was horrible and all the pictures came out blue. I reached out to customer service and through email for almost 7 weeks they just kept leading me no where. All I wanted was a new phone and this was with in one week of purchase. Anyway This problem never got resolved and I went and bought a used Samsung S3 for the same price. WAY BETTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Please don't fall for this. You really get what you pay for in this situation.

Is this phone really a 4g?it only shows 3g,even in the manual it says 3g.I thought I ordered a 4g phone. I kept it because my other phone started acting up and I can't bother with the hassle to return it.

I like it so much! I has all that I want for a smart phone. The price is perfect! It really looks like a fancy cell phone!The delivery took just a few days (5). It was ok.

This doesn't even earn one star in my eyes. I ordered my first phone on June 18 it just cut off and wouldn't come back on. I returned it on July 6. I received another Blue on July 8. This phone would reboot repeatly and there was nothing you could do while it was doing this. On July 14 I sent this phone back I'm finish with Blue I jut want my money back. DONT BUY A BLUE!!!!!!&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545;

Performs as good or better in all categories EXCEPT CAMERA than my personal Samsung Galaxy S2 and has a bigger screen.Dual SIM is a nice feature.  Phone is listed as 4G, but display shows 3G... maybe its my cell provider zone.  I am sure it is 4G, no discernible connection speed difference vs. my 4G Galaxy S2.  Watch out the BLU 5.0  (vs. 5.0 II) is in fact only 3G and slower processer, lower resolution.  Still a great phone, but for the little extra go for the 5.0 II.  You'll regret otherwise. Very happy.  Worth having one as a spare.Screen colors are not quite as good as S2.  You won't regret buying one of these unless you are one of those people that needs a leading edge product and is willing to pay 4x

Call quality is great.  I don't drop calls nearly as much as the other unlocked phone I own, and I'm using the same service (I swapped the SIM out from the other phone into this one).  I also get much stronger WiFi signal in my apartment (the other phone loses my router if I leave the room), and HSPA+ internet almost everywhere I go, whereas the other phone gets spotty internet service everywhere I go.  The included silicone case is a great bonus as well.  In all, I'm very happy with this phone and won't hesitate to buy a BLU phone in the future.

I bought this phone not thinking about using it as a phone but more like an MP3 player.  I have a Galaxy s4 with T mobile service so I really only wanted and mp3 player. The biggest factor in my choosing is that this little phone comes with an FM radio tuner that can also record from fm stations. I kept running out of data every month because I would use apps to listen to the radio online. I tried several mp3 players including Ipod nano but I did not like the functionality. I was able to get started with this phone right out of the box. I first put on an old SIM card that was not active and a 32g micro sd. After 3 days of using it I went to my local T moobile store and got an active sim card. I am using this one way more than my Galaxy s4 and I really like it. It came with Android 4.2.2 already installed so it is comparable with any other recent phone. I noticed that the processor is a little slow for texting but I am an old man that don't really need texting. I would recommend this phone to everyone that is looking for a good phone at a great price.

I bought this phone for my wife. She likes the size.It is too big for me but good for her. Dual sim is great. She is not going two phones again.

I bought this phone for my 12 year old son so that he could have more communication for us and a way to give him an additional responsibility. When it arrived I was surprised that it was much larger than I expeted. Screen is of nice reolution. Maybe not HD but good enough, unless you are planning to see HD videos on it its good. Brightness is good and connectivity seems good as well. I am on an oil rig right now and won't be able to test the double sim function properly but so far so good. I know my son will defintely like it.

The phone gets five stars -- Amazon's advertising about it gets three, hence, the four star rating.  Amazon rates this phone as 4G, although it is 3G.  However I have better service than with my previous Samsung Exhibit II, 4G, also purchased from Amazon.  This phone has a fast processor and online manual.

I am very happy with this purchase. I have had it less than a month but cannot find any quirks in it. I wish there was a choice of covers, but it does come with one so it is not so bad. I would recommend this purchase to anyone who wants a good low cost phone.

For the price of the phone I got a really good device. Very fast internet and processor. Runs very fast and smooth.

No good, when someone call me sounds like your in a tunnel. the phone just looks good. rethink buying it.

perfect phone come from s3 and motorola moto g and this has little to envy is bigger than the s4 screen is beautiful looks like hd the camera back is really good like the moto g camera front is bad very bad this is my criticism and ram the motorola moto s3 and g falls a bit short of perfect rest is not frozen or anything recommend great phone battery lasts longer than me so I love my purchase

Physical characteristics - the phone seemed to be solidly constructed, if a bit chunky. Unassuming, inoffensive, but not entirely unattractive. A bit like most mid-size sedans in that respect. I was initially worried about the size of this phone, having come from a cheap 4&#34; pre-paid device. It didn't turn out to be nearly as difficult to handle as I'd expected, and as some keyboard apps let you easily have a different-sized on-screen keyboard snapped to the left or right, even one-handed texting didn't pose a problem. The included silicon case did the job, though it really is a shame there doesn't seem to be many others making cases for Blu devices. Couldn't get the included screen protector on right, but was able to order more from another vendor on Amazon. If you want a leather case for it, just search for cases made for a bare M8 or S5 - they wind up being about the right size.Screen - the screen, too, was much better than expected. Viewing angles were good, colors looked right, and it was simply pleasant to look at. Much better than I'd been expecting, given the relatively low resolution. The text and icons appeared quite sharp enough for me, though nobody will mistake it for a higher-end device based on the screen. The only downside of the low-res screen is that text and interface elements tend to scale for the screen size 800x480 usually gets you. This meant that whether I was reading or texting (what I use my phone for most), I didn't really get to have more text on the screen than I did with my old 4&#34; phone, which had the same screen resolution. This could, however, be a plus if your vision is poor.Speed - this phone's processor will break no records, but it's more than adequate for most uses. Photo editing, light gaming, reading - none gave me any trouble. The only trouble was...Memory - with only 512mb RAM, this phone isn't great for multitasking. It's not uncommon to be switching apps and have to wait for it to load. Normally, this is no more than an annoyance. Just 5-10 seconds that didn't need to be spent waiting. But having to wait for Hangouts to load nearly every time you want to send a text can get bothersome. Still a minor complaint, just something to be aware of. Storage is a bigger issue. You have 4gb total...but the way it's allocated, with a substantial portion of available space as a &#34;virtual SD card&#34; of sorts, leaves you just under 1gb for app installation. That's not a typo...one gigabyte. I was still able to install most of the apps I would normally have installed, and certainly all the ones I cared about; I just had to transfer every single one to the SD card I put in. I wound up with about 500mb still available.Camera - it was better than I'd expected - the colors seemed good, and low-light wasn't completely terrible. And the dual-LED flash was really not bad at all, and seemed to cast a neutral tone instead of the yellow tinge that seems to plague cheap phones. None of my photos were especially clear, though - a picture of the lawn in the middle of the day left the fence and grass blurry. So it's not a replacement for a decent point-and-shoot camera, but it'll do fine for basic snapshots. That said, the much cheaper Lumia 520 I have performed much better taking the same shots at the same time.Battery life - it got me through a day of light/medium use with no trouble, though that bright screen can seriously eat into your battery if you leave it on too long.Mine did wind up having an issue, unfortunately: the brightness controls. If set to automatic, the screen would switch between high and low brightness about once a second or so. And if I tried to set the brightness manually, after ten or so seconds it would simply jack itself up to maximum brightness (which is extremely bright on this phone).A combination of that and the annoying and unnecessarily restrictive storage partitioning are what brought my score down to three stars. It would otherwise have been four.

Phone arrived even earlier than expected. Loved it right out the box. Bigger screen, clear images, and works with my T-Mobile service. Only thing I can say not good is I can't find a hard protective case for it....scared imma drop it and break the screen

What you see is what you get. Great phone that has nothing to envy the bid ones. Interface is pretty much the same as samsung galaxy s4 and the price 4 times cheaper. Do the math

This phone is 4g I love this phone well made if u have a micro sim card u will need a kit because it is standard sim slot does every  thing fast  good job blu and T-moblie works good I am so happy:-)

The phone is excellent for the price ratio. It is not Samsung quality nor I-phone but it is great for those on budget.Has many available capabilities (android apps), great display, however cameras are not the best but OK and sound quality acceptable as it may have issues on speaker talk (echoes).Phone is excellent for busy people that use it as basic every day functions ( calls, occasional pics -work related, recordings, tabulate to do list, schedule, check weather, check email, text, video chat via Skype).

Really good phone I love it the camera could be a little bit better but overall good phone am happy with it...

Great price on this phone. Hooked up to T-Mobile with little effort. Awesome speed and great built in apps.If you looking for an affordable alternative to the Samsung S5 and are not an iPhone want to be - this is the phone for you.

Great Phone !!!Great Price!!!! Super fast speed!!!! Phone come with all feature and great accessories.one of the best phone I have purchase online.

i haven't had this phone for a month yet and it is moving slow, freezing, blanks out, words not apearing on the screen. this phone is horrible . i would either like to get my money back or to be giving a new phone. this phone hasn't dropped from i got it so i don't no why it is doing this. IM VERY UPSET

Brought this phone for my son. He was very excited. The delivery was excellent. Wish I could say the same for the phone. I worked ONE DAY. Charge it for 24 hours as I thought it was not fully charge. The phone NEVER came on. Hope I can get another phone which is working.

It is really a great phone for the price. I am not a smartphone super user so someone else's experience may be different. I mostly just text, occasionally call, and occasionally use apps. I recently switched to one of the new AT&T; payment plans that doesn't include a phone and I needed something functional without breaking the bank. This phone was a great find and I will probably buy a BLU again if I need to.I previously had a Samsung Galaxy S2. Obviously this phone is better with respect to hardware so it was an upgrade for me. The rear camera is good for what I need. (I haven't used the front facing camera.) It runs navigation from Google Maps no problem. Internet, via Chrome, and my Gmail all work very well with Wi-Fi or network.One complaint that I have is that the bottom of the screen, just above the home/back/more buttons, often does not pick up on touches. So buttons at the bottom of an app can be difficult to use. Often I have to rotate the phone to be able to push a button. I haven't had any issues using the keyboard, even the keys at the bottom, so I am not sure what the issue is.I have owned this phone for 2 months.I highly recommend this phone.

I have bought 5 of these phones for some of my friends.  They all liked, so I decided to buy one for me.I was happy with it, but it's been less than a month and the phone just died (it won't turn on or anything else).

I love this phone. My husband and I both have one. My only complaint is that when I first took it from the box the home button didn't work and I couldn't receive phone calls. For some reason a factory reset fixed everything and its been perfect ever since. The only app I've come across that does not work is game of war, freezes and forces out. Everyone

I love this phone. I've never owned an unlocked phone before. I bought it because I wanted a prepaid phone to use for my business phone. I have it turned on with Straight Talk's service and it works great! I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone. I knew before purchasing that the front camera was low grade and the rear camera was 5.0 MP because I read the specs on the BLU Products website before purchasing, so nothing about the specs bothered me. There were no surprises because I knew what I was buying. If you want a great phone with a great camera I would recommend one of the other BLU Products phones with a higher grade front camera. The features on this phone are amazing.The biggest thing on the list of amazing features is the conference call feature. You can initiate a conference call and disconnect one line without disconnecting all of the callers and having to call back. Another feature I loved was the call waiting. When switching calls, it does not prevent you from initiating a conference call after one caller disconnects. I run into this issue with my personal cell on the Verizon Wireless network.(upadated) I did have one issue with this phone. I could not figure out how to get the SD card in the slot, but someone commented on my review and told me how to. View the comment if you cannot figure it out. Another minor issue is with the text messaging. At times there is a slight glitch that will select a emoticon/emoji in the middle of your typing. It doesn't happen all of the time, but it does happen.This phone is the perfect work phone. I get all SMS, MMS, and e-mail messages seamlessly and there are no issues with the phone thus far. I have had the phone connected for 8 days now and I love it. I'm seriously considering leaving Verizon Wireless because this is a GSM phone and does not work on CDMA (Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost Mobile) networks.

So good i bought a 3rd one

This is the worst product everrrrr i cant believe they sale this its the worse screen stopped working after a day and the replacement the screen kept turning blue and black would not suggest this product to anyone

Just received the phone today. Quick setup and no issues during the process. Highly recommend  this phone to anyone and everyone.

This phone has met my expectations and more. The only complaint I have is the fact that the front on camera isnt good quality but other than that i would recommend it to anybody.

I have no issues with the phone. The mobile hotspot connects very easly to other devices.

Over all this is really a great phone!! I have no complaints at all! Deff recommend to friends and family. I use straight talk for my service and its great!

Excelente;

The phone is good as far as calling and the internet, but the phone is not good when it comes to storage space I can not get a SD card to expand the storage.

I am soo glad I ordered this phone. It's beautiful, fast, big, and comfortable.I use it with Straight Talk and after changing a few settings it is amazing! Everything works better than imagined.With Straight Talk you have to set up the APN Network. then select the APN Type and click on every one of the options: default, mms, supl, wap.If you're on the edge about ordering the BLU brand don't hesitate. This phone is amazing. I love this phone and will buy another BLU cellphone when my wife needs a new phone. This brand is good enough Walmart even sells them but you'll get a much better price here on www.Amazon.com

just got this for my girl, and its awesome and am in the Bahamas would definitely recommend this phone. only problem flash on camera.

Good phone . My Phone from India was dual band and would not work in the US, so I needed a new quad band phone which was not locked to any carrier . The phone is very good. Both my Indian SIM cards work on it, it has a good battery life and accessories like non-tangle headset, non-tangle USB Cord etc. I am very happy with the purchase.

Had this phone for a few weeks. I noticed that it lagged a lot and would get unresponsive from time to time. Then I noticed that its ram was almost always full. After I installed a memory manager, the performance picked up big time. The rear camera isn't very good and the front is just bad. I use Simple Mobile(T-Mobile) for service. With speed test I get about 10mb/s down and 2mb/s up speeds. It isn't real 4g speeds but plenty fast for me. There is a fix for the gps taking a long time to get a lock. WiFi signal strength is good, at least at my home. I get a echo when I'm speaking, the other party doesn't hear it. Call quality is average. If your a heavy phone user your battery may not make it a full day. For the price I paid, I would call this phone one of the best phones available anywhere near this price or even up to $100 more. Being unlocked means that you can use ATT or T-mobile with no problems. Try finding A Galaxy S phone unlocked and new for less than $200.

Delivery date was right on target. Received package and it came on works good so far but when am back home I will give a better review on to how it works on my phone network provides (Lime and Digicell).

I finally give up. This blu Studio is just no good. I originally ordered the phone on June 30 two day shipping. The phone arrived partially charged But I put it on the charger to achieve a complete charge any ways. Two days later I hit the wake up button and got nothing, the phone never woke up. I tried several chargers thinking "oh, maybe it went dead". The phone never came back on. I sent the phone back to Amazon asking for a replacement since I was already out $16 for a sim card for this model.Two days later the replacement arrived, 5 days (after a full charge) I pulled the phone off my bed and "NOTHING". Put it on a charger for 2 hours.... Nothing. So here I sit writing Amazon for a replacement, preferably a different phone by a better known manufacturer. Skip this model. If you are hard pressed for a budget phone spring for the BLU Play. Or just avoid BLU all together because this being my 3rd phone in 6 months (no replacement giving on the 1st one by BLU) The phones are affordable, pretty and when the work they are awesome but the manufacturers are irresponsible and these pretty phones just don't last. I've had 3 in a 7 month period, you do the math.

This phone is all that and more.. The price makes if a fantastic buy for anyone who buys this phone.

the phones flow is remarkable got the phone because of the good reviews and they were right. it is worth the money, this same phone retails for over twice as much in stores. make sure to unlock the block on the internet system within mobil network but if your with a phone they will help you.

Very disappointed of this telephone I received it and one week already it does not work even with loaded battery, diagnosis of the center of services Blu the software I am hot do not recommend this telephone it is to lose the money!!

I purchased two of these phones for myself and my wife. We have Metro PCS as our provider and the transition between our old phone to this phone was simple . The phone is very user friendly and quite responsive and fast. I would reccommend this phone to anyone that wants a large screen without the large price tag. The call quality is fantastic. The only thing that I find a little annoying is that the phone buzzes when a call connects. I contacted Blu about this and was told that was bulit into phone and cannot be de-activated. Other than that one issue, the phone is great. Long battery life. I carry the phone with me all day off the charger and by the time I get in my car 9-10 hours later, the phone is still at 90%.  Love the phone. Can't wait to see what other products Blu comes out with.

Awesome!!!

I love the 5&#34; screen.  Processor is fast.  I have had it about a week with no problems.  Buy a sim card when you order this phone it doesn't come with one.  ( I think Amazon has them for .99 as an add on.  They are $15 in local stores.)

very good phone

The Studio 5.0 II is a fairly nice way to do inexpensive, yet big.  The manual is sketchy on a few things, like sim card, micro-sd card placement, which can make for a bit of headache for the non-techie types.  The stock Launcher has that search bar on the top of all screens, and wont let you position some things the way you might like, but, by getting Nova Launcher, or another off the googlePlay  site, all these flaws go away.  Sound on calls is clear and not tinny to the other party, although the earpiece could be better, it is usable. The micro-sd slot is under the back cover, which is a pain, in my opinion.  The ips screen is great on color, and evenly lit.  The 512mb of working ram may be small to some, so consider your needs carefully.  It may not be a perfect fit for some, but its quite usable if you want a low cost android phone.  The 5mp camera takes VERY nice pictures, although the front facing camera is weak, and mine needs serious color correction.In My Opinion... Tech support is not effective to call, but do respond to emails within a 24-48hr window, so dont expect fast answers if you have a question, but they WILL answer.This sucker IS huge, making cases that fit a rare find in local stores, compare to a Galaxy Note 3, or LG G flex, so best you can hope for is generic cases or holsters, as the buttons and charge port  dont line up with the other phones.  Hmmm, maybe check some of the great buys on Amazon? :-)After buying this phone sight unseen, I would have no problem buying one of BLU's  more expensive models based on what I have seen and handled, but think this will last me a while if handled carefully.

Ok, I am just going to rate this for what it is...an inexpensive version of a Samsung Galaxy S4. I am a major Apple fan, and have transitioned all of my PCs, tablets, and phones over to the dark side...however, as a previous Android user, I like the flexibility that they offer.Since my dad needed a phone, I heard about the BLU Studio phone, and for the price of a new phone on a 2 year contract, I got this beauty for him, and boy, am I impressed!The phone setup was the easiest transition I've ever done, and I've had all carriers. The phone has 2 sim cards, which I don't need but find very cool.Straight off the box there is a set of headphones, charger, cover, and screen protector...the only thing missing was a SD card, and those are so cheap now, you could have a 64GB for $30.I've downloaded a ton of apps already, and my dad seems like a kid with a new toy. The only problem is both him and my teenager won't stop texting at the dinner table, but that's not the phone's fault! :)

Brought this phone for my son. He loves it great phone!!

UPDATE: JUNE 20, 2014,  I've had this phone for now 3 weeks. Everything seems to work fine. Outside of the occasional app downloaded from the Google Play Store constantly stalling out - the phone was decent as a smartphone and for the price.However, just today while using the phone with a fully charged battery and after talking on the phone - the phone completely died. No battery power, no charge - nothing. Of course there are no links on how to overcome this issue and 3 weeks after purchasing this $119 piece of junk I should haven't to turn around and spend $30 + on a new battery. So do you research, consider that most if not all of these reviews are accurate. I'll be returning this crap for a full refund. I'd rather pay to have my iPhone fixed over buying another one of these cheap phones.Thanks. Never again...******************************I recently purchased this phone and received on Friday 6/6/14. I was surprised at how large it was (length & width), but after working with the phone over the weekend I've gotten used to it especially coming from an iPhone 5 which was longer but not as wide.Pros: Everything works well. I'm using a 64gb SD card, Straight Talk 4G Sim and so far no issues. Cameras decent. Speed is pretty good.Cons: The software installed is not the most current available but phone is capable to get updates I suppose once manufacture releases them (dum). Also, on occasion some apps have crashed while in use or while others are in use (problem but not major).Overall for the price and if you dont want a new cell contract this is a good buy for your buck. It was brand new not used or refurbished. Came with battery, screen protector and cover. The only other draw back is because this phone is soooooooooooo large its hard to find a case but Amazon does appear to sell them but hard to find any locally.So give it a try, all this is just my opinion based on my use - you may feel differently and thats okay. Thanks.

excellent. Product in accordance with what is offered and excellent quality. good seller.

My first smartphone. I am enjoying it. I love the screen size. I would not want anything bigger or smaller.

Very goodIt's working good.Happy, very happy, good very good. and happy, and good,The best buy in my life.

I wanted a Samsung Galaxy S4 but didn't want to pay the outrageous price. This phone has everything I need with a price I can afford.

the phone only lasted me 3 days working then I turn and never lit.I need to know how to do to the warranty?

Everything works great price even greater although my husband says it sounds horrible on his end he can't here me very well..

I bought two of this phone two weeks ago. I received them on the 28th of June and by the 30th of June, one of the two stopped working for no apparent reason. Right now I am looking to have it returned before the 21st of July deadline. Its time for these smartphones to come with some diagnostic port that can allow the manufacturers/vendors to confirm that a phone under warrant is faulty and have a new one shipped without the need to return. especially when you are out travelling outside the US.

It is a very good phone, features are decent and sufficient for daily use and operation. Screen is big and bright and the white version's chrome-like finishes make it look expensive. Though it has 512mbs of Ram it operates smoothly enough just be sure to close any background applications that are not in use and it will be fine

I purchased the BLU Studio 5.0 II on May 28 2014.  Delivery was fast and I received my phone on 6Jun 2014.  However after using the phone for only 2 weeks it would no longer read my sim card.  I returned the phone to Amazon for a replacement.  A week after receiving the replacement phone, it began to have the same problem,  first it would not wake up by pressing the power button.  You had to remove then re-insert the battery to get it to come on.  Then it began saying no sim card.  The sim card works fine in my other phone but BLU fail to read it.  I return the phone to Amazon, this time for a refund...I would not purchase any BLU product again.

filled my expectations, good performance. has good design. but the cell volume leaves much to be desired, is very low, just hear the ringing call.

The key board will hardly respond to command.......had to return it......was not very pleased with it but its OK not

It was my everything till it stop responding to my touches i do miss it!!! Wish it worked to my exspectaions. But it didn't so its waeva!!! For anybody who get this phone plz be careful yu will fall unlove with it cause it can hurt your feelings in the end! :(

Its ok but didnt like it to muchReally the same as samsung galaxy4 dont take good pictures hard to store contacts

its good for the pricethe phone looks good and its more than capable plus the screen is big good for watching youtube

This device is a bit of a mixed bag in terms of specs - there are some great things about it but there are also some drawbacks. Should you buy it? My initial testing suggests that the phone may fit a need: if you smash your top of the line device and need something to fill in for the last three months of your contract, if you do not have the funds to spend on something high end, or you need a semi-disposable international phone, this device can definitely fit the bill. Please read my review to decide if the positives outweigh the drawbacks.Build Quality: 6/10 - it is very plastic feeling, but everything fits together nice. It doesn't feel like it's going to fall apart, but the design doesn't stand out in any way either. I don't think this phone would survive drops but it does come with a little silicone cover and screen protector.Screen: 7/10 - The IPS screen is sharp with vivid colors. There is some backlight leak on the bottom corners that is visible on dark screens but it's not a deal breaker. The automatic screen brightness is too sensitive - best left off. The low resolution would be hard to notice unless you've had an HD device before.Processor: 6/10 - the processor is fast enough for every day tasks. It renders web pages quickly and only bogs down when too many apps are running at once - this is definitely not a phone for gamers.Storage/Ram: 4/10 - 512mb ram suffices (just barely). 1gb storage is available to the user. It has MicroSD though. Get one - if you plan on adding any media to the phone you'll need it.Call Audio: 7/10 - Call quality is adequate. Not excellent, but often very good. Callers are loud and clear, but they report calls sound muffled.Media Audio: 7/10 - The audio through the headphone jack is very good to my ears. The headset included is above average. The phone's speaker is average.Signal: 10/10 - Wifi, bluetooth, GPS and phone signal are flawless.Camera: 5/10 - Images from the main camera are smudgy and lack detail, however colour and dynamic range is good. I've used worse though. The front camera is just plain awful - probably the worst part of the phone.OS: 9/10 - Blu didn't screw anything up with the OS. It's basically stock Android with a few useful tweaks. It is very stable, especially considering the limited ram.Battery: 10/10 - Probably the best feature. With 1 SIM and moderate to heavy use I only go through about 50 - 60% of the battery in a day.Total: 71/100This phone has all the basic necessities a smart phone needs without all the silly extras: a decent screen, excellent battery life, and a stable OS. If it is worth the compromises or you cannot afford more, this is the phone for you. It will serve you well. Overall I'm very happy with this device and it does everything my previous phone did. It has left me wondering: why did I spend a ton of money on a flagship phone from another brand when this accomplishes the same things for about 1/5 the price?

Overall phone is good but SNAPCHAT WONT WORK ON IT. :(

My daughter loves this phone.

So far this phone has been awesome! I would definitely recommend it to people if they are looking for an affordable alternative to the big name brands! It arrived sooner than expected and it came with a one year manufacture warranty from the seller. Will update if anything goes wrong with it but so far its been a great buy...

Wow I was surprised by the fit and finish of the phone, it functioned right of the box, I installed the TMobile sim card and the phone worked the first time. Why are we chasing after the Samsung and Apple, when there's another player in the game. The phone functions just like any Samsung phone, with the only noticed difference was the level of the volume, but it's a great phone for the money.

i got the phone cause a friend got one and thy love it . so i got one and i love it .i will tell me friend if thy are looking for a phone to get the blu phone

I got this phone last weekend today I playing with it and it froze up and turn off now wont turn back on

Compare with expensive Samsung it works great with low price!!!

The phone didn't alert me to incoming calls and text messages.

Dont get me wrong if your just looking for a fast phone to facbook or web stuff its great , but i have great headphones an this thing sounds like crap . not ment to play music threw.

I love this phone and I'd recommend someone to buy it. It meets my needs,delivery was so fast which was perfect timing. Thank you.

Great phone for the price. Overall satisfied with purchase and phone.Only cons; front facing camera quality wasn't that great and the speaker ISBN the best.

Unlocked! No bloatware! Rock bottom price and rock solid performance!SD card slot has a metal latch that needs to be shifted and opened before inserting SD card.

I have had this phone about a month...andlet me tell you IT ROCKS! Does eeverythinga regular cell phone does. I did not have any issues setting it up. Just make sure when you go to set it up to make sure you turn off the &#34;,China&#34; setting. I switched from net10 to the go phone with no issues at all. Set up was simple...battery life is a little low but I also have a few games and apps running in the back ground. So I'm sure if I cleared the cache on them and turned them off it would be fine other wise. All in all its a great phone. I'm glad I bought it!

I am completely satisfy of this phone, the reason I am giving 4 star, is because it run out of battery very soon probably because it has a big screen so it needs so much battery to handle a such screen. Also it dose not have a strong Wifi. the price is really fair.

Good  phone n a hold... very affordable but some times I have problem with the speaker hve to use my ear piece when on a long call. But need accessories for my phone

I just ordered this phone for my son Jaret so I really hope this phone is as good as you people say it is.

Excellent

The last cellphone that I had finally died out, (it was eight years old) and it was definitely time for an upgrade. This cellphone is fantastic! I love the front camera and since I travel a lot it's perfect for catching quality pictures without dragging around a camera as well. The front camera is a little bit on the low side of quality but reading other reviews I expected this. Overall, it is a great product so far and I haven't found any problems with it yet.

No one could understand me so I called my home phone and left a message...  it sounded like I was underwater with a rag stuck in my mouth.  Complete crap.

It's smaller than BLU Studio 5.0 D530,it's screen, overall shape. The&#34;ll&#34;, (it's) also supposed to be ( 4G ), not, it's ( 3G ) with ,Metro -Tmoble, dissapointment ,one,after the other .Picture color is good , speed, like I stated, 3G,3G.Shame ...... At least the phone can be controlled by the headphones. Whereas the D530,will not let you, also it will sound distorted, echoed ,yes, checked with a different pair, same, another person I know has same problem. Told him, can not have&#34;mic&#34;, on headphones, they have to be plain headphones. You would think they'd test product. Quality control. Please BLU , Amazon, trying to believe in your product I purchased two of these phones only to be dissatisfied... Waist of time ,money, also it will eat Sim cards.

I ordered this phone on Sunday and received it Thursday, so the shipping was reasonable and fast:)My Package included:The UNLOCK Phone itself ( mine was white)White EarphonesSleek  white ChargerInstruction manualRubber Clear CaseSIM Card: It will recognize the SIM card immediately so it was easy to set up. I use H20 wireless.Design and Screen: Very thin and fits comfortable in the hand. It feels light and the screen is the perfect size. Its not too small and not too big. The screen is 5 inches.Battery Life: Its battery life is average and acceptable. I can moderately text, call, game, listen to music, etc. throughout the day without charging it.Screen and Resolution: EXCELLENT! It's beautiful and clear. The colors are very vivid and the graphics are detailed.Speed: This phone isn't the fastest phone on the planet. Its noticeably slower and more laggy than the Iphone 5 or the Samsung. Although the speed is acceptable to me, so do except some lag when playing games or sudden crashes to heavy apps.Camera: This is probably one of the most complained faults about this phone. The back camera takes decent pictures, but the front isn't very good. So I don't recommend using this phone for video chat. If you are the type of person who takes a lot of &#34;selfies&#34;, I do advise for you to look for a more expensive phone.Memory: This phone has 512 MG RAM, which isn't a whole lot to most people's desire. For me it was ok since I don't download a lot of apps, but do be aware when you are downloading a lot of apps of how much this phone can store.Overall, this phone is extremely good with the price. I would definitely buy this phone for someone just looking for the basics in a smartphone. For the price, it exceeds all expectations and proves itself to be a worthy phone to look into.

MY MOM LOVE IT. IS VERY FAST AND HAS A GOOD CAMERA

After receiving 2 BLU 5.0 II phones that had issues with either the phone cutting off or no one can hear me when I speak on the other.I decided to finally take a chance to upgrade to the BLU 5.0S which I adore.I haven't had any problems and everything works wonderfully. My sister has been with T-Mobile for years and instead of renewing her plan she's decided to purchase the BLU 5.0S and switch to a new plan. Therefore I can only tell you my personal  experience with this phone and try to direct you to another phone for a couple more dollars.

nice phone except it is not 4G, false advertised...I even emailed them asking if it was 4G to assure my decision on buying one, they told me yes it is, so don't be fooled it is not 4G...so giving the phone 1 star for B.S. lie

muy bueno excelente

Cheap screen, had the protective cover on, had the phone for only 2 hours, went to place it on table and the screen cracked. The phone is nice but the build and quality is ZERO. Do not buy.

Not even worth 1 star don't waste your time or money it doesn't do half of what it says it will do

Piece of crap of fun;But if u in need of a phone for just a moment get it;But rather then that its nothing compared to the Samsung 2/3/4/4.Okay

Within one week of receiving the phone is stopped working....I was highly disappointed and would like to have a brand new phone.  The purchase was a Hugh sacrifice.

Got this phone for my honey and it arrived yesterday. So far he really likes the phone and it does all that is promised. The look is sleek and classy and there is no difference in appearance from other higher priced phones. It is easy to set up the dual SIM cards. But the SD card is a bit problematic to install.  There is a small metal clip to the far left that must be opened by gently pushing up (towards the top of the phone or in the same direction of the arrow) that you must needs to be raised before it can be installed.  The dual SIM is a very nice feature as you can keep contacts and information from more than one source. The Bluetooth and GPS Navigator both work well.If you see a message at the a message at the bottom that says &#34;no service&#34; next to the name of  your provider, (eg. T-Mobile) don't be alarmed, it's because you have two SIM cards and you did not activate service on both. It will go away if the phone has two service providers.  I THINK THIS IS A GREAT FEATURE especially if you travel. You can use your U.S. SIM and a local provider SIM.Things that can be improved are: higher volume, especially for the ringers; definitely more storage space, 1GB is seriously inadequate for today's high paced/high tech world; the camera needs improvement (both front and back) Pics indoor even with the flash and lighting is not crisp and clear; increasing the MPX to about 10 would readily solve this issue; and adding about 1.5 or so pixel to the front facing instead of a VGA would help a great deal.The speed is great and getting on the internet is fast and easy whether for email; Facebook, Google or anything else. There are no issues with messaging whether instant or hangouts although I saw comments that there were lag times.  Despite a few negatives, I really like this phone and so does my hubby and we will get another one gladly.It is a great phone for the money if you can live with the few shortcomings mentioned above. My goal was to get a phone, not a camera or a computer, per se, so it does just fine.

I am so glad I found this phone during my search on Amazon. I had never heard of this brand before but I decided to give it a try. The price is good for the quality of phone you get. When I showed a co-worker my phone she went on Amazon and bought one. I also got one for my husband too. No complaints here.

it is great i love it I want to get the next size which is a new one that just came out

Great phone the only problem I really have with it is is thr front  facing camera but its not that bad either for the price u pay its a great phone..

Excellent... My wife is very happy, thank you...

I love my phone and the features it comes with. The camera quality is not that great but it can work with. But its nice phone for any one who is not fussy about camera.

I got two so far and they are dfective

The Advertizement for this phone states that it is an unlocked dual SIM phone.  That is why I purchased it.  My cell phone carrier had to place me with T-Mobile, with no MMS service. It does not work in this area!  I need to have Verizon service.  My carrier said that the phone is locked into T-Mobile.  It is advertized as a new phone UNLOCKED.  I have no MMS service.  The phone is great but it should have been advertized as LOCKED.

would recommend for anyone wanting a great android at a low cost. phone is better than i expected. Nice specs and wide enough screen. Couldnt ask for more.

It works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar and movilnet not have any problem with these very good operators and good quality product

U get what u pay for. First phone I received had streaks threw out the display.  It was garbage.But customer service was great!!!!Bought another phone for wife that one sounded like u had a wad of chew.The third time was the charm, I did get another and this phone is great.  No Samsung or Verizon apps, quick charging.

It's okay. I really liked it the first few hours that it worked, then it started freezing up and shutting off, the the color messed up by day 2, so if it worked right id love it. Im sending it back to try and get another one.

I originally bought this product for myself but my 13 year old daughter was due for a new phone seeing that she is more technically savvy I thought I'd let her take it and test it she thought and I quote that it was awesome and did not want to give it back this phone is spectacular for the price you pay it's so good in fact that I ordered the second one for myself. blu will be a force to be reckoned with in the future of Phone technology and affordabilityI am officially a blu fan I look forward to continuing my technological advances with this company keep up the good work

Great phone great price.works well overseas. Now we need otto box type cover. Could use more memory but overall greatphone

This is my first blu phone.I love it and still learning how to work it. I have bought 4 blu phone so far for family members.The only con about this phone is the power drains so fast so if traveling bring your charger.

I got this phone as a budget smartphone for work. So far, so good. The phone works great with StraightTalk, although the APN settings took five hours and a great deal of Internet searching to set correctly.The phone itself seems to be of good quality, seems solid and well-built. At 512mb of RAM it is a bit lagging on system speed, but if I needed a blazing fast phone I would have bought one. I've had some problems syncing audio files to play through Spotify and other media players, but I'll figure it out eventually. A SD card is a must as you only have about 1.5gb of space on the phone's internal memory. For the price, this thing seems like a great bargain for a superior product.

i love it my studio 5.  it work great without breaking my bank,that is why i give 5 st.thanks amazon

I ordered 2 phones, arrived on time but 1 phone would not work, kept shutting down even though battery was charged.  Contacted seller and phone was replaced very quickly.  Front camera not so good really dark, overall for the price its a great phone. Gave 4 stars because of front camera....... :)

As promised below, I have returned to give you an update on this phone. I have had it for over two months and I still absolutely love it. It is great. Battery life is fantastic and I truly feel I got a considerable value for the money I spent. My wife's phone is at the end of its life and I am getting another one for her! I have had no problems with it whatsoever and would buy another BLU product without hesitation!I have had this phone for a week and I love it. It fits in a dress shirt pocket or any shirt pocket just fine. I keep my display screen toward the inside of the pocket so that the display does not get scratched by a pen or pencil.The screen is brilliant and the phone feels good in the hand. I coupled this with a Straight Talk sim card and for the price, I could not be happier. My only hope is that it lasts, , , , time will tell. I may be back in a few months to update this review.Here are a few things I experienced that I want to share.* This phone takes the larger (not the micro) sim card.* The tiny little manual that comes with the phone comes was printed in a very very small font and it is very generic. I did not find it to be very useful. A note in the box with an address for a manual in PDF or a tutorial on Youtube would have been nice. I have owned other cell phones, so I kind of knew the routine to get started.* I carefully removed the battery cover at its starter notch with a medium thickness guitar pic and that seemed to work well. The cover is very tight which I'm happy with.* I had to be careful about which sim card slot I was using. I mistook slot 2 for slot 1. No big deal to swap it though. The sim slots are marked in very very tiny print on each slot. I think the diagram in the phone is printed upside-down.* I discovered I needed to slide the Micro SD cover horizontally with my finger to unlock the Sim card holder.* Straight Talk was good about providing the APN numbers that I needed to get started. The only problem I had then was attaching photos in mms, ,  BUT, , , then, I went to the BLU website and they show how to address that issue in their very first FAQ question at their support forum.  Voila!Someone else wrote it took them hours in another review somewhere to resolve their setup and several fellow reviewers helped point me in the right direction. I hope my experiences shared here can save you a little time if this is your first BYOP to Straight Talk (or some other GSM provider as well). Thanks to information that other reviewers left for me, this was very easy to set up.Battery life is great but keep in mind, this phone has a 5 inch screen and so far, I have not found anything about this phone that I dislike. For the price, I got an incredible amount of smartphone, earbuds, screen protector and phone cover in the box. The 5 inch screen is huge and this has become both my smartphone and tablet!

I upgraded from a samsung galaxy s and this phone is better in every aspect.  Much beyond my expectations.  large vibrant screen, good battery life, fast mutlitasking.only bad i have is that its hard to find cases and such, good thing these come with a  gel case and screen protector!If you're on the fence, buy it, you will be pleased

An impressive phone. Feature rich and a real bargain.My wife and I were Verizon customers for a long time and decided to leave for Straight Talk after our contract expired in order to save money (right up front, YES this phone works with Straight Talk!). When we switched, the original plan was for me to get a new phone and my wife carry her existing phone over to the new service. I got a Samsung Centura (an inexpensive but basic smart phone offered through Straight Talk) and my wife was going to keep her Droid 4...except that the Droid 4 turned out to be incompatible with Straight Talk (thus far). Due to the Droid 4's difficulties, we began to search for a replacement phone that could match or exceed the Droid 4's features without having to spend too much.Enter the BLU Studio 5.0 II. When we first came across this phone we were wondering if there was a connection to Stephen Dorff and e-cigarettes because we had never heard of BLU the cell phone brand. However, once we started reviewing this phone's features against its pricing we were impressed and wished we knew about BLU sooner. Hand's on, the Studio 5.0 II in white is clean and has a quality feel to it. The five-inch screen is bright and clear and yet the phone itself feels lighter than one might expect. The phone runs Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean and has plenty of horsepower, resulting in fluid graphics and menu transitions. Easily faster performing than my wife's Droid 4 and its Verizon bloatware. Sound is good...for a phone. How good could it really be, right? Though it was nice that the phone came with a matching set of ear buds. An interesting use out of this is the phone's ability to play FM radio via an included app. Any ear buds will work and the radio can still play through the main speakers (ear buds double as an antenna?). And, of course, as a phone the Studio 5.0 II works very well. The phone uses GSM technology and SIM cards (in fact it has two SIM card slots if that's useful for people). Under Straight Talk my wife used an AT&T-compatible; SIM card and it runs at 4G. I downloaded the Ookla speed test app and got as high as ~8.4 Mbps download and ~1.1 Mbps upload speeds under 4G.The only real downside to the phone is that I don't have one for myself yet. Sure, my Centura was cheaper but, had I known about the Studio 5.0 II sooner I think we would have made two purchases. Live and learn. Still, the Studio 5.0 II is cheap enough that I can justify upgrading myself much sooner than later versus if I wanted to "aspire" to a more expensive phone, such as an iPhone. Seriously though, my wife has only had two real reservations about the phone: the lack of a physical keyboard, which the old Droid 4 offered, and relatively low camera resolutions. Little could be done about a physical keyboard of course given the perpetual trend away from real buttons on smartphones. As for the cameras, the main camera takes a decent picture but it is only five megapixels which is lower than her old Droid 4. The front-facing camera is simple "VGA" as described. The only complication I ever encountered was with installing a 32GB micro SD card for my wife for additional storage capacity in the phone. I got the SD card installed but the spring or clamp or whatever it is that holds the card in place was extremely firm and I was afraid I was going to break the card. Fortunately it didn't. Still, if you plan on installing a micro SD card, be careful and hope you don't have to change it often because it also requires the removal of the battery to install/uninstall.So, to summarize:Pros:-Price (about $120 when we bought it)-Performance (processing speed, 4G data rate)-Android 4.2.2 Jellybean-Nice screen size-Thin, lightweight-Quality build-Included extras (matching ear buds, matching charger/data cable, clear protective gel case, screen protector)-Straight Talk/AT&T; compatibility confirmedCons:-Cameras could be better-Careful with your micro SD card!-Only one GB of internal storage (see update)*UPDATE* July 01, 2014:Phone is still going strong. Something I forgot to emphasize earlier because we already have a large SD card for this phone is storage capacity. The phone started having some low storage warnings even though we have an SD card installed because we forgot to set the external SD card as the default storage location. Be aware that the BLU Studio 5.0 II only has ONE GB of internal storage, so getting a micro SD card is a must if you don't already have one. While micro SD cards are relatively cheap (Class 10 32 GB for under $20 on Amazon right now) a couple of extra GBs of internal storage would be useful to start with.

great phone exactly what I ordered the only thing I can find wrong if I cannot find a phone cover for this phonebut I love the phone blu and Amazon have been working very good with us it is a great phone we have bought in three of them

this cell phone is preaty big, the screen is the same size the galaxy s4, good quality, not as good as samsung but for the price you could see it as an very good option, i'd give it 4 stars because it has a very good performance but the camera does not take so very good pictures, thats the only problem at least for me, as I said before, for the price you're paying is a very good choice

Hard to understand and learn to use this phone .  No instructions.  Like the size. Would probably recommend it to someone else.

We liek the phone ,is great large size 5&#34; screen, easy to go around in it trough apps, just memory ram is bit small 500mb, storage is ok 4gb , and i put in a sd micro card is enough for pics, music to store 2gb .the resolution of screen is little darker then on moore expensive phones ,i guess this is not hd.Overall phone sound is good loud, Wi Fi is great using with Skype, Whatsapp, sends large files [text ,email canot do them]The camera rear is ok, front is great too... I would definitely recommend to anyone to buy it price is great.

Ok, so I got this phone yesterday. My first impression is that it's cheaply built but for what I paid it's fine. The phone is fast. Instruction book can use a little bit more improvement. It took me awhile to figure out how to insert the SD card but the rest was easy. I tried using the internet with T-mobile and I found out that T-Mobile did not update my account with data plan so after I called and got it taken care of the phone access the internet with no problem. In fact, it's faster than my Samsung Galaxy S2.  The screen resolution is fine since I'm not picky. Everything work as expected. BTW, I'm sure if they sent me a brand new phone since the screen protector is already on.

Great product.

I love my BLU 5.0 2 good buy would recommend to family and friends

Take away the bull$h** of contracts, SIM locking to carriers, and fancy &#34;finger print readers&#34;, build a solid Android device using a low-priced, but powerful chipset, now make sure to use IPS screens, next in Dual Sim capability,  and lastly, offer the device at a great price.  There, you have the BLU line of phones.BLU, Asus (with their line of ZenFones), and other companies are telling the consumer that the phone in their pocket doesn't have to be locked in to (or locked by) your Wireless Carrier and that it doesn't have to cost you the price of a high-end computer.  This is a great trend and I wholeheartedly support it.The BLU Studio 5.0 II is in the lower end BLU's line of phones but it is still impressive for the price.The Good:-  IPS screen means the screen is bright and has good viewing angles-  SIM unlocked means you can use it for any carrier as long as the carrier bands are supported by the cellular chip-  1900 Band for ATT and 1700 band for T-Mobile-  Bloat-free Android 4.2 is fast, efficient, and full of great functionality without the additional crap put in by the major carriers.  Really, do we need TV service from T-Mobile or ATT?- Solid build.  Doesn't feel flimsy in your hand- Includes silicone case.- Dual Sim:  Have one phone for work and one phone for personal use?  Use one phone for both.  Calls coming to and called from each card are clearly marked to minimize confusion.The Bad:-  Low screen resolution.  Coming from a Galaxy S3, the lower resolution took some getting used to.  If this is important to you, look at the higher end BLU phones.-  No LTE.  To be expected for this price.  No great loss for me since my LTE speeds usually are pretty poor anyway.-  Some bad software settings (Reference my tips)-  When using only 1 SIM card, there is always a warning in the notification bar that a second SIM is not inserted.  Hopefully, they will address this with an update.TIPS:-  Set the APN.  The phone comes with a single APN pre-programmed, which is selected by default.  The APN is the address that the phone passes through to get to the Internet.  If you are having a problem with network connection, go in to Settings &#62; Data Networks &#62; Access Point Names and choose the APN for your carrier.  Don't tap on the name of the APN, tap on the radio button to the right of it and make sure the bubble is filled in.-  Only SIM1 can access the HSDPA+ network while the other SIM is limited to the EDGE network.  This is not really an issue since only the Android OS will only use 1 SIM to access the Internet.  You choose which SIM card ALL network traffic will go through so basically put the SIM that has the higher data limit in the SIM1 slot.-  Rename the SIM cards in your settings to better differentiate the sim cards.  Also select to display the SIM cards using the last 4 digits instead of the first 4 (three of which is your area code).So in summary, this is a solid phone with solid support for &#34;mobile&#34; usage (not so great for those who use their phone in lieu of a computer for everything they do on the Internet).  The truth that Samsung doesn't want you to know is that there is really nothing on Android that requires an octacore CPU, or even takes advantage of it.  In fact, while I have not tested XBMC on this phone, my Android HDMI Stick that also has the Mali 400 supports more codecs than Samsung's video chip.

Love this phone. Everything i expected it to be it was. Looking for a cheap phone that works just as good as the expensive phone, this is for u.

I love it!

Everything is great but the camera still sucks. They need to put in a better focus feature and the phone will be great!

Phone seemed to work fine and I liked it when it did not die, looks like they need to go back to the assemblage of this phone and see why this is common. I exchanged this item 3 times. 1st time was unusable to pixel scrambling in 3 weeks. 2nd died in about 1 week did not turn on afterwards. 3rd time was unusable within 48 hours due to text in reverse order and red screen, pixel scrambling again after unlock.;

This was just what my husband wanted without the big price tag of other smart phones.

I like this phone the only problem I have is the front phone is notthat great but that is ok I would buy it again. If I need to. I like it.

I just bought my phone yesterday(not off amazon) and i can say i really love this phone! Its very big, sort of thick but I don't mind.  Its very fast, quick and responsive. The only problem is the front camera ; its very cheap looking depending on what light you're in. The back camera is good thoI bought mines for $180.00 at a store in my town/: but im not mad.its brand new and comes with headphones,  charger, screen protector, and case. I gave it a 4 star just cus the camera . It works great with my T-Mobile sim card. I highly recommend this.

I just bought this phone yesterday so, I hope it's really as great as people say! But from hearing that it shuts off and won't come back on and the screen quits working, I'm really worried..

Love the phone.. I would and have recommend this phone phone who is looking for a really food smart phone but don't want to go broke in the process... Five stars

I like the overall style of the phone. It is set up just like the Samsung Galaxy, so it was fairly easy to work if you are familiar with that phone. I gave the phone only 3 stars because the phone I received was defective! I push one thing, the phone selects something totally different! I would have to push one letter on the keyboard over and over before it would get it right. The phone would also often delete my emails while I'm trying to read them, and I was unable to open files and attachments. Because I bought this phone for business, I just couldn't afford the time and effort in trying to get it to work properly. I am sending the phone back for a refund.....

I put two different sim cards in the phone and the phone still dont work. The phone does not have 3G bars are nothing it always have the letter E for Error. Amazon stated that it was brand new but it could be refurbished.

This is a strong built phone that I would recommend to anyone I love it I've not had any trouble with it and its compatible with the LG Bluetooth get one!!!!!you will love it!!!!

I was looking for a personal phone with HD screen.  I have a new work phone LG G2 4G, and really liked screen size and HD resolution. Was looking for G2 for myself, but didn't want to spent so much as G2 4G would cost me. Found BLU Studio 5.0 II---this phone has the same  android OS version, screen size, resolution, processor speed and memory as G2 .  The BLU Studio 5.0 II came with a case, screen protector and headphones, and did not cost me &#34;an arm and a leg&#34;. LOVE IT! Highly recommend to anyone looking for a new HD screen phone.

I Had written in my previous post that was all right when I get the package, but unfortunately after having the phone in my hands began to fail the screen with white stripes that come and go, the device has received poor treatment and neither has fallen, I live in Venezuela and I have no way to return the device to replace it, I am extremely upset about this problem, I would like to give me a solution to this major drawback because you are responsible for client satisfaction.

I was excited about my new phone, I love the features but most times the person on the other end cannot hear me, and the times when they are able to hear me it has an echoing sound.  So I am now extremely disappointed.

Thank you so much the phone works great its very user friendly battery is good colour background very pretty thanks

extremely easy to use, I have had no problems with it, highly recommended. it comes with a cover which is good because it's hard to find one for it (that will change soon)

On the fourth day of receipt the phone stopped working. I was using it and suddenly turn off and has not turned over.

Actually I'm very impressed with this phone. Comes beautifully presented and included to bring a liner and a screen saver. I put the chip from an operator and then worked in Venezuela. It's great and is fast. I highly recommend it; and is also very economical.

i love the phone i wanted a big phone but i didnt have the money for a smasung galaxy but this is a great phone especially the size. i would definietly recommend this.

I had this phone right at 30 days.  Decided to log on to Google and the phone shut off and never came back on. I tried to reboot but it wouldn't come back on. Horrible experience. I will not recommend this phone.

I just got this phone 2 days ago and love it, The only problem I have with it is front camera has poor quality, and the phone is a little big but it dont bother me too much. I would recomend this phone. For the price this phone is awesome.

It had bad feedback noises during calls.

I can't wait to receive my phone, the price is a steal I'm hoping the phone is the same. Ill change to 5***** when I receive it.

I love it...

Really fast shipping, great item.

We always buy main-brand expensive cell phones. I personally have owned Apple, Samsung and HTC for the past 8 years. Now that my contact has ended, I decided to give this 5&#34; BLU phone a shot. Well, the result is AMAZING! I use my mobile phone mainly for work and it's amazingly fast with multitasking demeanor. It is a bit longer and thicker than Samsung S4 but for a fraction of the price it's well worth it. I love my new phone so far and hopefully it will last.

good phone overall,however ring tones are not very loud.otherwise,a good deal.ordered with hardshell case and 16 gig card ,so far all is as it should be.

I don't know what's wrong with the battery's on these phone n less that a week's time I had to order 3 replacement phone. The first one just shut off n never cut back on. And the second phone stop holding charge and eventually stop working. The new one I got today the speaker's stop working I have to put the phone on speaker to talk on it because when not on speaker I van hear them but they can hear me. I'm so peeved that I hadto replreplace this phone. Once u hey the phone on n using it is pretty cool work well with T-Mobile n family mobile. Okay camera easy to use and nice big screen and keyboard is easy to use. This phone would be awesome if hadn't have to replace it again. Will not buy another blu do to the fact I had so many problems with it. I'm going to try windows phone hopefully it will work for me.. Ugh

researched for about 3 months prior to purchasing my studio 5.0.. i was very leary about purchasing a phone from a company that i had never heard of before i started researching. however after reading reviews of this and other galaxy similar phones i found that the price and comparison of this one seemed to be the best for the money.  long story short after havingmy phone for almost 2 months now i will absolutely buy more BLU phones it is a wonderful phona and does everything that i want it to and then some.  as for the camera i see alot of ppl saying the camera sux.  my conclusion, it takes decent pictures just like you expect from most phones if you want a camera then you pay for quality if you want something that takes pics on hand this is sufficient i like the pics it takes for a phone.

Love it!

Well it start give me problem the screen is not working right. Maybe I will send back .can you please tell me how I can send the phone back.

Would recomend this item to any body who want nice and cheap phone this phone is the most nice and pretty i ve seen so far i love everything on this phoneShippings are fast and on time i paid for shipping kuz i want ti get the phone faster kuz my galaxy got messed up just took my phone to my carreer they put a lager sim card for me boom work fine  didnt have to set up apn nothing i have signal at any difficult places i love bluMan they ship my phone a headphone wow i love it and its comes with cilicine case which i appreciated alot its nice and afordable

Im a 23 year old student,I have had an iphone for the longest time, and just switched over to andriod and this phone is amazing. I have used the every iphone up to the 5c, and this phone  is up in the runnings with them. Big screen, fast processor, not a lot of bloatware that you get with the galaxies. It is all around a simple great phone.The video quality is good, not perfect but it is better than i expected. it is almost HD, but not quite. It plays netflix very well.The speaker is good, the head phone jack is ok.Call quality is ok i need a little more time with it.Camera is good for what i need it for. 5.0 is not tooo bad. Front camra is similar to the iphone 4 in quality or the ipad 2.The touch screen is ok, im still getting used to the texting on the phone.overall it is a great phone for the money and feel good having it.oh also i have straight talk and i use a micro-sim. but to use a micro sim you have to position it just right for it to read your sim card bc it will be too small so make note of that. (i used my iphone 4s sim) or do as another guy mentioned on here and by another sim.anyway I love the phone and the Size wish i could try more of this brands phone and do more reviews. may add a review on youtube bc this phone is that good.Who should buy this phone?people who dont want to be in a contract but also dont want to pay over $500 for a large screen phone to do basic web browsing, emailing, texting, neflixing, and some gaming( havnt play many games yet on the phone, but it did have some lag while playing splashy fish).This is just my oppinion, i have never owned a galaxy s anything so i am just comparing it to the iphones.I hope this helps you choose the right phone for you. it was either this or the $300 pure life by blu. that will be my next phone!!!!

The phone is good. Only bad thing I can say is that there isn't really any hard cases out there for it. I did get a case but its for the first studio not the studio ii. I had to hack the case in a few places to make it function without having to keep taking the case off. Other then that. There Isnt much of a difference between a Samsung galaxy and the blue studio ii. you definitely get your money worth.

Sucks, just a big phone for nothing. It say 4g on the box it comes in. But it only have 3g network. It's ok for the price. But not for it to be used on a serious level. This phone is a dead end for me.

SE DA&Ntilde;O AL D&Iacute;A SIGUIENTE DE USARLO

Wonderful

I bought this phone for my nephew and he's estatic about it. Says it's super fast and does all he wants to do as a 23yr old....

It loads to slow n im havin trouble sending pics I guess the storage space is small I dont like this phone

Fast shipping.....great item.... good phone with excellent price. Runs like a samsung galaxy note the only difference is the megapixel on the camera
