
this phone is very awesome best smartphone ever why waste your money on Samsung galaxy s4 it has 8 megapixel.by one today

I surprised my wife with this one, she needed a phone desperately but I wasn't ready to spend $300 for something like an Samsung S3 or so. Although she has been looking at those types of phones, from her friends and colleagues. But since I know my wife is not to tech minded and she doesn't do high end things with phones tablets or even laptops. I knew we need something priced right that looked and feeled sturdy and of good quality. We are very satisfied about everything on this phone. The camera is good, the performance is really good especially since it has 4 cores. It did a Antutu benchmark test and its score was past 17000, right beneath the S3, so I am very glad I paid alot less for a phone almost as good.

Let's start with the good, the screen is much better than I expected very clear and colors pop it's no htc one or samsung galaxy s5 but its a very decent screen very good for the price, its a very responsive phone apps run good very little lag, the speaker is good its loud and no issues with it, I have t-mobile and the speeds are decent above average pretty fast, it has about 1gb of memory for apps and about 2 gb for pictures, music and documents but the good thing is that it will allow you to move the apps to sd card at least most of them like games, the camera is decent not the fastest shutter speed but not the slowest camera either, I had a nexus 4 and it does take better pictures, but the nexus 4 isn't known for having a good camera, youtube, netflix run flawless even with the 3g speeds hardly ever renders the videos, and games run pretty good I've installed intense graphic games like asphalt 8, modern combat 3 and 4 and was impressed that it handled them pretty well. The battery even though it's only 2000mah it lasts a long time I also have an HTC One M7 and the battery on this Blu studio last longer must be because of the lower resolution of the display but the battery last alot longer than my HTC One, Bluetooth connection is good also no issues or problems with that.Now for the bad l the screen at time gets unresponsive have to press very hard so it will register the action I want sometimes it happens while unlocking the screen I don't know if its only my device and I have a defective one but too much issue to send it back and find out, keyboard is bad I installed the google keyboard trying to see if that would do any better and it is better than the stock but every know in then for some reason the screen won't register the letter I'm pressing and won't type the letter for some reason the screen gets unresponsive while typing don't know if it has to do also with the prior issue it might be part of that same problem doesn't happen every time but now and then I have gotten that problem, now the earphones you can only use the earphone's that come with the device they sound good but not great, I have some skullcandy earphones that sound awesome with my HTC one and for some reason with this phone the music sounds lousy you can barely hear the person sing so there is an issue with that and I have tried two more earphones and also headphones and same issue only the earphone's that come with device seem to work properly like I stated before, and know for the the thing that bothers me the most and that I have the most issue with is that the gps is very bad, sometimes can't lock on to a satellite and it will say searching for satellite and if your lucky it might lock on and you'll get the route for a while then once you reach a different area where the signal isn't that good it will stop and not work and sometimes try to re-route you because the satellite can't properly get your location and one time it couldn't even look up the address I needed, and luckily I had my other phone and put the same sim I was using on this device on to the other and it found the address with no problem so there is a lot of issues with the gps so if you depend on gps don't get this phone unless for some reason my device is defective if it weren't for that main issue I would probably give 4 stars, hope this review is helpful.

Yes amazon thank you am very satisfied with my phone.

Pretty good phone for the price that was paid for it.  Everything runs smooth on it, including my apps like Facebook etc.......I would recommend it to anyone.

ThE phone was amazing TVE first week. Later it got to&oacute; slow, t&aacute;ctil stop to work, the screen donw and up TVE lightining. I am really dissapointed about this iPhone. I think it was rally good, but in fact, it was opossited. I never Will buy another blu iPhone. I think hauwei bits better han this.

The phone could be pretty good, I just had a defective phone that had an unresponsive back button.  The back button is pretty important when using an Android phone going in and out of Apps and different pages on your phone and it's extremely frustrating when you have to get out completely by using the home button because the back button doesn't work.  Otherwise, if I didn't have that issue, I would have given this phone a better review instead, I ordered a different brand of phone after battling with this back button issue and pulling my hair out.

I'm using this phone for about a mth now and it work well I love it I can do anything with it take nice pictures, it came on lock I'm in Jamaica and it work very. The only thing is I can't get any wallet case for it and I really need one. For  a good price and work like a galexy phone

Great phone I would recommend it to anyone! Bright screen nice color full 1080 P great speakers phone have a lot of good features.

After using the phone for about a week, I've decided to write a review since I was very hesitant when buying this Blu Studio phone.  I can now say I would recommend this phone to anybody who doesn't need/want the higher end phones and is satisfied with a very good phone that gets the job done.  Out of the box is a nice little bundle; you get the phone, charger, clear gel case, head set, and screen protector (one already put on, and some extra ones I believe).  I use straight talk service and at first couldn't get the phone to receive picture messages.  After chatting with straight talk, they sent a link to google play store for apn settings setup app.  Followed the instructions and it now works perfectly.  The camera advertised says 8mp, but the settings says 6mp (I don't know why that is or why they do that). The quality is very average.  Not bad, but not good either.  Day shots were good, night shots produced some noise.  The phone is very light, thin, and with the 5&#34; screen its the perfect size in my opinion.  I personally like how the phone looks with the white back and bottom.  The plastic back doesn't feel too premium but I guess it's to keep costs down, but with the gel case it's fine.  Be sure to have at least an 8gb memory card for pictures, apps, and music.  Video playback was decent if you're just watching a few minutes clip.  HD video on youtube was grainy but that's the display not being full HD I think.  I haven't recorded video so no comment there.  I like vanilla android and not some UI that the major companies put (samsung, LG, motorola, etc).  There is no bloatware and with stock android, the phone moves without noticeable lag.  The hspa+ service is okay, I must just be used to LTE but there is a noticeable difference is speeds, but this also aids in keeping battery life extended.  I got a day and half off of full charge, though I don't use much data.  The IPS display is sharp enough, not the greatest display but not awful either.  The only hiccup I've had is, when texting someone who I haven't already texted (therefore no conversation bubbles yet), their phone number for whatever reason gets cut off and the text says its sent but people have not received them. To be sure that the text message is properly sent out, I have to look at the text bubble and be sure the phone number is the full 11 numbers (including the 1, again because the phone will leave out the area code sometimes) according to a test I did.  This is NOT all the time though and was a very small number of times, I believe it was because of the number 1 not being there for the contact. Very weird but not much of an annoyance to me. All in all, very good phone, it's not top of the line, but gets the job done at an above average rating to me.  Hope this helps those considering buying one, I recommend it.

Excellent phone

This phone is nice and at a good price but the 5.0 4G LTE is coming out soon I would wait for it!!

I feel I little disappointed because on the description said that this phone has 4GB in ROM(Internal Memory) but I was not. It has less than 2 GB. Another thing is that it does not has camera's zoom..I could not find it.This is the first review I just got the phone today..I will post later for updating my review.

I love this phone. I bought it to replace my Blu Studio 5.5 when my screen got wet. Overall, this phone is fantastic. The screen isn't as big (of course) but it is still huge. I have an SD card and am able to put all of my apps, pictures, etc., on it. I am able to use songs on my phone as my ringtones, except under alarms. The cameras are both absolutely great! The rear camera has an automatic focus so my pictures come out very clear (for a phone at least). The front camera is high quality compared to most front cell phone cameras which is great for Skyping my grandparents with my constantly moving 2 year old! The only complaints I have are that the cover does not quite cover the phone. It fits snugly which leaves the edges of the screen susceptible (I have already chiped the edge of it!). Also, the data connection is very slow regardless of whether I use wifi or my network. I didn't have this problem with my Blu Studio 5.5, so I'm not sure what is going on. The quad core processor is supposed to be the same, but I have trouble opening more than a couple of apps at a time so I have to constantly go back and close out of everything in order to be able to load anything. It can be a bit annoying, but overall I love this phone and am quite pleased with Blu in general. I even went out and bought my mom the Blu Studio 5.0!

Firstly I must say I really love this phone, everything works well. The only problem is that the phone speaker does not work. I cannot listen music on it nor does it ring when person try contacting me. I would really appreciate if you guys test the phone before sending them to people.Thank you

overall phone is working well , small issue with Back Button not working most of the times.even after pressing hard , so we need to press home button only.

After receiving 2 BLUE 5.0II phones that were both terrible (shuts off & no one could hear me on the other) I decided to take a chance and upgrade to this phone 5.0SII and I'm so satisfied now.  I haven't had any problems and after many years under one plan even my sister is leaving T-Mobile to purchase this phone. I hope this review helps someone as other's reviews has helped me.

After buying and paying and paying... and paying for my subsidized AT&T; Galaxy S4 I decided to look around when buying for a phone for my wife. I knew I didn't want to be trapped in a contract so I went with the Nexus 5 and off contract Straight Talk service. This was and still is an excellent purchase. (Both highly recommended)But when it came to getting a phone for may 9 year old daughter $400+ was not in the cards. After tons of looking I found this great looking Blu Studio 5.0S II and immediately ordered it. Smaller, thinner, and faster with a quad core and full 1 gig of ram than the $130 Studio 5 II. It also has the better 8Mp cam on the back and 1.6 Mp cam on the front. (Works great, HD? for Skype) The phone has a great bright IPS screen that looks good from all angles. (See my uploaded pics for examples... also rear cam example) Oh and it does NOT have the problem some of the Blu 5.3" and 5.5" have as far as the screen dimming every 5 seconds.The 4.2 android is very fluid and the phone is very responsive. I hear Blu will be rolling out Kit Kat at the beginning of May.The phone as far as size is the same width as my Galaxy S4, same thickness and only a 1/4"" taller as measured.The speaker is very loud and clear (much better than my Galaxy S4 and wife's Nexus 5)The phone call on both ends is about average quality. (I don't have a sim card yet I just used the magic Jack free calls app)The phone comes with cheap headphones, 1 amp charger, micro usb wire, clear rubber phone cover, and one screen protector. I would recommend getting more screen protectors as this phone does not have gorilla glass from what I understand.The rubber cover is great it fits well but I would not expect that to save the phone Falling more than a few feet. I hope more cases become available for this phone. I went ahead and ordered the Square Trade $30 1-year replacement in case my daughter breaks the screen.As far as the screen quality goes it looks nice and bright from all angles.... and I really can't tell much of a difference between the Galaxy S4 or Nexus  5 when it comes to pictures or video. It plays Netflix and YouTube very well.As has been said before the one major issue with this phone is the lack of internal storage space. It only comes with 4 gigabytes only of which 2 are available because of the operating system. Only 780 megabytes are available to install apps like any Google apps that require to be installed on the phones internal memory. I would suggest moving as many apps as you can to an external SD card and also set the cameras default save location: to the external SD card. For only about $15 you can add a nice high speed 16 gigabyte card to this phone. Something the Nexus 5 and IPhone can't do.The battery isn't great but lasts about a day under normal usage.So in summary I would definitely buy this phone if my Galaxy A4 broke and use it with T-mobile $30 unlimited text and data plan. ( I would use the magic jack Free Calls app to make phone calls over the data)Added 4/13/14 2 yr cost comparisons:Galaxy S4$3456 total cost with phone for 2 years on-contract with insurance. 4G LTE 6 gigs data a month.Nexus 5$1800 Total cost with phone after 2 years with accident protection through Square Trade. $45 Staight talk 4G LTE no contract. Unlimited talk, text, data. (Throttled after 2.5 gigs)Blu Studio 5.0 S II$1195 Total cost with phone after 2 years with accident protection through Square Trade. $30 a month T-Mobile 4G unlimited text and Data. (Throttled after 5 gigs) 2 years of Magic Jack Voip service (use the "magicApp" app by MagicJack to make phone calls over the data connection)Hope this helps,Charles Smith

Great phone for the price. Good build quality. Came as expected on time. Good for gaming good for video recording. Well worth the $$$$$.

I'm disappointed with this phone. The first one had a dead pixel and dust below the screen. The second earpiece vibrates when the volume his max which required because the phone earpiece is soft. I'm disappointed with this product. I will be sending this back even if i get a partial refund from Amazon. I can't talk for long periods because the earpiece cause my ears to become fatigue. There is not enough phone memory there is on 1 gb and time stock apps update most of the phone memory is gone. I will have to revert back to Samsung.

I think the phone is awesome all I just wish it had more internal memory other than that everything else is fine

excellent phone, the screen looks great, with a look that has nothing to envy to the big brands, I recommend it 100%.

This phone is perfect for gaming, texting, and anything else that you can do on a regular phone, all at the same time. Thanks to the quad core, you spend less time waiting for applications to load. Another great feature about this phone is how fast the camera can be launched from the lock screen. Although the camera hardware doesn't sound as stellar as the Galaxy S5, it is still very worth it with a digital zoom on both the front and back facing camera. I have not found a bad thing about this phone yet. The only reason I would think before clicking that &#34;add to cart&#34; button is because of the rareness of rugged cases that fit this phone's dimensions. If you are a hard user with a history of broken phones, I would consider searching for cases before buying this phone.

I like it. It is speedy with no real slowdown or 'lag' as of yet compared to an older phone I had.The sound is nice, it's no music player as it's not that loud. I have an older LG somewhere that is louder, but from the ear piece is crisp and clear and the volume on that is nice.The screen is bright and the touch is sensitive.I'm not amazed by the back camera, but it's there and works great for quick shots of something you may find funny, weird, interesting, etc (I think the product listing says 8MP but there is only the option of taking a 6MP picture or lower, I'm not a huge cell phone camera buff so this may be normal.)The front facing camera is like every other front camera on almost every other cell phone, 1.3MP and it works as it should (I don't personally use it really, but it does work)The battery last a decently long time. I'm not a heavy caller so I don't use mine as much as some people. but it probably holds a charge close to the advertised time.The microphone seems good, at least in terms of talking on the phone and voice searching. I haven't tested the range of the microphone to see exactly how far away something can be and the sound be clear enough to be heard.The only real thing that bugs me about the phone is the back lights for the Settings/recent apps, Home, and Back keys do not stay illuminated and there is no option to change this. Also, finding the drivers for this phone seem impossible. My windows 7 pc won't recognize it and I haven't tried it on any other OS, so rooting this may be a problem, unless you use an app to root it. The last con would be, though not a huge one, is that it does not have a motion sensor.

Does everything I need it to...My only issue is the volume on the phone...speaker phone sucks...using head phones suck...volume during calls ok

Great phone fast and good build for 150 dollars but I don't like the Camara but over all great phone

Everything is great but the camera. First of all there is no 8 mpx avaliable in rear camera settings (only 1, 4, 6). But it doesn't bother me at all. The worth thing is pictures they are out-of-focus! Front camera setting also have only 1 mpx. But the pictures quality are quite well.

design charm me, and I like how it feels, it also brings the screen saver already, and like all blu is incredibly fast for the money, the only thing I do not like is that, as they bring something if the phone does not feel that it does not feel the screen grab, or put in a single table, it seems that does not work, but when you have on hand works wonders ...

Phone is great and a bargain at such a low price with all the features it has only problem is it can't upgrade or probably its me that don't know how to lol

I can not believe how fast this phone is. I use at&ts go phone service, been using one of many of their phones I have purchased with their service for 10 years and this phone runs circles around all of them. I wise my tablets were this fast and touch would work this good. This was the easies sim card changes I have ever done (done a few). Hope it stays this way.

Very good phone. ..I have no complaint, my kids like it, keep up the good work and good pricing.... blu

I purchase this phone for my husband. He loves the camera quality and it's feature. So far no problem. He got the charger, manual , screen protector, head set ,and silicone with it.

good afternoonI had a problem with the cell phone shop at your store. the phone will turn off and did not return to light, I know I can do because this is useless. I hope your answer because I feel totally cheated.

This phone is awesome. The features are just like any other expensive phones such as the galaxy. Good front and rear camera.

I would've given a higher rating. The good is the phone is amazing and it got here fast. The bad is I didn't receive headphones the gel case was dirty and the screen protector had finger prints all over it and I couldn't track my package. The seller really is fixing the mistake so I'll update then and might possibly change my review. The reply from my complaint was fast so it seems promising

Does it all. Purchased it when it barely came out and the price was even lower. Hit a home run! Does anyone know where I can get a case though?! Tried one from amazon saying it was for this phone but the fit was way off.

Great quality for a reasonable price, work perfect in USA and Mexico

This is a follow up review of the phone. As much as I try to dislike this phone, I love it. it has performed flawlessly, and has done exactly what I wanted--and at a very reasonable price. I will buy another of this type.

It got here fast, on time, well packaged.Contents in box: Phone, Case, Ear buds, Charger, Extra screen protector (comes with one already applied to screen), User manuals.First Impression: This phone both looks and feels like something you'd easily pay over $400 for without contract. Its very thin, sleek, and responsive. All buttons are easy to use; even with the silicone case on.Screen: Not too big not too small (had the note 3 and Titan 2 before this). It looks great. Could be a little brighter but not at all dim or unsaturated. Very Crisp colors. Some where in between the Iphone 5 and gs4 overall.Camera: Says 8mp on the phone itself but settings only go up to 6mp. It takes beautiful pics and videos. Front facing cam is the best ive seen on any android; even in very low light.Things to mention: The capacitive keys on the front only turn on when you touch then. Im not sure if that can be changed but its a little pesky til you get the hang of where they are. It got a little warn when i tried to use it while charging so i would be careful.Bottom Line: The design, materials and software (possible Kit Kat update in May) put into the Studio 5.0S II are a steal at this price. Not to mention that it comes with high quality accessories that most manufacturers dont bother to include with phones at this price range. Not to be compared in any way with the cheap ANDROID clones that have been popping up everywhere.Update:Ive put my studio s2 through lots of testing(calls, video calls, netflix, youtube, games, social media, pictures, recording software, etc and I am pleasantly surprised at how well it has been functioning. The battery really lasts, the data speeds are very fast with this phone. Ive already ordered another one for my sister! After reading some other peoples reviews I've noticed that people have issue with the camera. the camera is great with good features, the pictures and videos it takes are wonderful. also the zoom capability is a pinch to zoom, also it has a dedicated camerabutton (volume rocker) how awesome is that!BUY ONE!

I love it!!! It meets and exceeds all my expectations. I could not be more pleased with it. I have recommended it to other people.

Blu has an awesome selection of different models and phone lines that are all great! I chose this phone in particular as It seemed to fit my needs and it is great so far! A little problems with the shipping it seemed to have been through a lot of wear on the way here. Turning the device on it's wonderful, with a bit of a screen flicker at certain screen coloration or brightnesses, small area at the bottom where the buttons and screen connect to the white bar is a bit unconnected, speakers and overall sound output are terrible but not a big deal for me. Super fast, sleek and beautiful. I would definitely recommend if you are looking into this phone that you purchase it! And as many have been saying about the camera, it isn't as good as I wish it was but I didn't expect too much given the reviews of it. Screen brightness doesn't adjust much but can be fixed using an app if you like. No real way to control lighting of softkey's. These are all facts about the device that I received in the mail when ordering this product, yours may differ. Overall, Design 9/10 Functionality 10/10 Quality 8.6/10 Speakers 4/10 Software integration 10/10 Definitely will purchase from Blu again! This phone beats a lot of high dollar smart phones out there!

VERY GOOD

This competes with a glaxy S4 in my standards the camera is so clean and fast capuring the speed is awesome, the gaming i have no problems with the, the looks of it! Its beautiful a fine piece of hardware! Anyone who buys this phone will love it!

For the price, this phone is excelent, only the battery isla the parte i think it can fail because of the capacity but every else is awsome

First things first, this phone is in fact the BLU Studio 5.0 S II even though BLU has not advertised or released any information on the device themselves - this confused me when I was trying to research the specs and confirm some of the information given by the seller about the phone - not sure what BLU is waiting for to release info and add it to their website because this is a great phone at a great price point.OK, on to my only real complaint. Although its advertised as working on 3g on Tmobile, att, and other GSM carriers this phone doesn't support the 1700 or 2100 frequencies, which for most people(anyone not living in one of the 20 largest cities/markets) will reduce their Tmobile speeds to 2g/edge. I've noticed that Tmobile is taking their sweet time refarming their towers to expand their 3g/4g support to the 850 or 1900 frequency or whatever that they said they were going to do. This will definitely make me drop Tmobile and head over to Net10 to allow me to hop back on to att's network to get those faster speeds.Finally, the long list of pros. This phone is a great phone at a great price. One of the first things I did was run the AnTuTu benchmark and it did a pretty good job scoring roughly 17000, which is almost exactly as good as the Galaxy S3 score. In the benchmark this phone significantly outperforms the S3 in all categories but GPU (and screen quality). So unless you are playing the new 3D/GPU intensive games this phone will do a great job for 99% of what most people need/want a smartphone to do. It runs a pretty vanilla version of Android 4.2 - the only real UI difference is a spin by BLU on the look and feel of the phone settings menu.The build quality feels very nice and I found nothing that made it look or feel cheap. I have a galaxy S3, and the Studio 5.0 S II weighs about the same and is just as thin and wide as the S3 and is about 1/2 inch taller due to the 5 inch screen. The screen is qHD and has about 220 dpi which isn't bad - movies and photos look pretty good on it. The camera seems to take good photos and has very little shutter lag when actually snapping a photo. It only has 4gb of internal phone memory (about half of which is used up by the system) - a 8 or 16 gb external SD card will help ensure those last 2 free gb can be used for any apps you might want, which 2gb for apps should be enough for most of us budget minded buyers.I've only had the phone for a day now, but so far its been pretty impressive for a $150 smartphone. I'll post updates if I find anything with the phone that warrants an update - perhaps more time will reveal more pros or more cons.

this phone is WELL WORTH THE MONEY. if you are talking about bang for the buck, you get it with this phone. the outlook of this phone is awsome, its a little too big for my taste but that does not matter when you look at the pictures in this phone. pictures are better than i phone 4s, its better than some of the older galaxy, and if you are looking for a phone that will provide you with everything that a 700 dollar phone provides for 160 dollars, GO FOR IT....

Great Item, the wall charger was come defective, but I can use other charger fortunately, In Venezuela It do not work in Digitel, only works in Movilnet and Movistar

I love it, eveything works. Just got to know how to operate it. Like putting telephone numbers in , ex.. us 1+zip code then number otherwise your message texting won't get through. Or phone calls. Hope this help.

I give it four stars because I did not come with the case or the case that you offered me the rest it worked fine. I works great here in Venezuela

Great

Good

I don't have any problems with it

I like the phone, it have a great design and cover the expectations, but the GPS is too slow. Thank You

have it 1 week and kids are envious.  I finally have a phone better then them.Only concern is getting used to the phone dialer.  seems proximity sensor is slow so I tend to dial with my ear...

I purchased two in April 2014 and I am amazed that it can do over 90% of what phones that cost over $300 can do. I have dropped it several times from waist level and it has not broken at all. It works with Straight Talk as well. I love this phone. I am looking into upgrading to the 6 inch models this winter.

Very same isified with his purchase. The phone meets all my needs. Will need to but additional memory. But so far so good.

The Good -Very responsive.Nice size screen.Looks expensive and great cost.Smooth to the touch.Easy multi-tasking.Okay front and rear camera.The Bad -Will need a memory cardIn-call volume could be a bit louderScreen Flickers

It's like having a Samsung at a cheaper price. Works in my country with no problems. Would recommend this phone to anyone

Great phone at a great price!

Awesome! I am very pleased with the price I paid for this phone. This company will be very successful.Set up was very easy. Screen is very big. I love it.

The cellphone works great, is fast, the screen looks amazing so far I haven't got any trouble, since is unlocked I'm cable todo use ir con M&eacute;xico, the only downside is it only recognizes 2GB of internal memory, so if you don need many apps then is a great iPhone for you, I mean I got like 8 apps and it still has more than a 1GB left so

I have had this phone for bout two weeks it is amazing.... The camera is clear and the screen is big!! My messages send faster than they ever have with this phone. Amazon sent it on time and everything... so far I am happy with it.

beautiful. All excellent. Satisfied with the product. I love my studio blu is an excellent phone for its value. It's almost like having a S3. I recommend it! Super fast in Venezuela.

I'm giving 1 star I could easily give 5 stars. This cell is amazing for the price, god everything. The only problem that I face is that the 3g and or 4g from BLU smartphones doesn't work here in Angola. In 2012 I bought one BLU vivo 4.3 and I noticed this, now bought 2 (this one and the Life one X), unfortunately the internet only works with 2g (edge GPRS). This is really bad, very bad. I don't know if there's a way to solve it, if someone know please help me.

I received my phone on April 15, and today June 23 i was senit ding a message and it just turned off... Now it's not working, The phone only turn on the buttons lights but the screen is completely black. I don't know what to do, i can hear when i receive my messages but i can't read them, i can't call, its completely usseles. I hope you can solve this problem please.

For the price this phone can't be beat, inserted a Net10 ATT compatible SIM and was surfing at 4g hspa+ speeds right away, not an LTE device but what a nice phone for the price. Another nice feature is the 32gb micro sd card that we inserted was instantly set as the default storage for the phone which was great since the only thing lacking is the internal memory which is a tiny 4gb.. Great screen size and very responsive.. Once these guys make an LTE version of this and its this affordable look out!! Rubber case is kinda junky as well as earbuds but oh well..

OK its exactly as shown wait it think its even better it a 8 megapixels rear camera and 2 mp front facing has a 1080 p video,quad core  very nice slim yet will made  very fast and responsive definitely will be buying more blu products.Also comes with a screen protector  plus a extra one in the box has the clear case and charger,ear buds too.

This smartphone was very, very good. It even came with a soft half cover to protect the back, not thich gel but enough to avoid scratches. It has capacity for two sim cards, one mini and one micro. Its HSPA+ connectivity works very well, sometimes better than using WiFi. Why is not 5-stars? First, it does not have magnetic field sensor, and one of the applications I need sometimes is a compass to help me setup my telescopes. Second, the included 3-contacts earphone does not plug very well and you end up hearing only on one side. I had to use a normal 2-contact plug earphone to hear my music or an internet radio in stereo.  The rest is fine. Screen is very responsive, plenty of nice sounds to begin with. And Google Play Store works fine. And sound, wow, its speaker is way powerful to be too small. A good buy for less than $170.  Just to mention it, after ordering the BLU I got in a raffle by a coffee company a free sleek Samsung S4 worth $600 or more, and that has a magnetic sensor. Now I have two smartphone, the BLU is my workhorse, and my S4 is my fine phone for business meetings and dinners at restaurants or cocktail time.

OK, so I'm gonna try Blu again cause I think they are on to something with these lower priced unlocked phones.  But this one had issues too.  The navigation buttons would not light up until AFTER you pressed them... yeah, weird.  So I had to push around until I pushed directly on the button then it would light up.  Some other weird stuff too but I don't remember.  But I have faith in this new little company called Blu, so I will return and try a more expensive model.  See my next Blu review...

Love this phone, everything works great. Large screen to show off my family pictures.

The phone is great. I am very happy with it. Good performance of display, camera, software... But I have doubts about the front capacitive buttons and the notification led.. Is there any option to get the capacitive keys turned on for longer time? And how activated the notification led?

Nice :)

Excelent Product and seller.This phone connect correctly in Venezuela.

very good resolution and speed in data processing a wide screen, excellent performance I recommend the camera clear photos .

I was so ecstatic when I received this phone...looks good...feels good and the screen size is perfect...BUT it does not detect my SIM card despite repeated attempts to install and reinstall it...rendering the phone unusable and good only for emergency calls. The very same SIM card works well with my other unlocked cell phones (Sony Ericsson, Motorola, LG). I am really disappointed to give my first negative feedback to such a nice looking product...so I am returning the phone today. I would have settled for a replacement but Amazon would only grant a standard refund.

I brought this for my boyfriend who uses Straight Talk. I also brought an AT&T; sim card from straight talk and followed the online instructions through his straight talk account online. Everything worked except the data and MMS. I tried several different tips and techniques and none of them worked. So after searching and trying different APN, I finally found one that worked.Straight Talk Android Setup AT&T; SIM "New" Settings *(Not on MMSC enter the information without the parenthesis as you would a web address.Name:  Straight Talk or NET10APN:  tfdataProxy:  Leave blankPort:  80MMSC: (http://mms-tf.net)*MMS Proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS Port: 80MCC:  310MNC:  410Authentication Type:  PAPAPN Type :  default,supl,mmsI used information from an article by  Dennis Bournique.The data is HSPA+ which is pretty fast. I played games, watched YouTube and Netflix with no problems.Pros:-Data works well-Beautiful Design looks expensive-Clear videos-Downloaded over 15 apps so far-Comes with silicon caseCons:-Camera is just ok. Not very good at night. I have an iphone 5 which is 8MP and the pictures from this phone do not measure up. They seem more like 5MP or less.-Lack of stronger cases available for purchase which is needed for those of us who frequently drop phones*Update*Phone still works great. Camera is decent in good lighting, but grainy in average lighting. I downloaded many more apps with no problem. Downloading an app without wifi sometimes takes a long time.

Love phone. No zoom on camera or it would receive 5 stars. I replaced a Galaxy 4 that only lasted 6 months and they refused to replace it under warranty. Never again Samsung!

Niiiiiiiiice. Performance surpasses what I expected. I recommend it.

I checked the storage on the phone. Besides the SD Card I inserted in, there is only a total of 1 GB internal storage. Because of the preinstalled programs, it only leave me 686MB free space.

I watched and waited for this phone to come back below the $150 mark and was excited to finally get one on the way. Unfortunately it came in with the back button not working. It was not swap eligible so I had to reorder another and send back the 1st to get a refund a few days later.  Phone #2 arrived and I set it up, looked great, then plugged it in to wait for a full charge. When I grabbed it from the charger later that evening I noticed the screen looked faded. Tried the camera and the screen had tons of artifacts across it. Dang it, another defect.  While pulling off the jelly case to re-box for return, the screen flashed and returned to normal. I gave it another couple days and the problem has came back several times. I am able to return the screen to normal each time by pressing between the back and home buttons, get a flash of the screen, and.... fixed!  Leads me to believe there is a manufacturing problem with this latest batch.involving the lower right of the assembly.  BluTekUSA is out of stock via Amazon again, guess I am going to hang on to this one until back in stock below the magic price point or too near the return cutoff date. At that point I will decide if I am going to try phone #3 or give up on Blu all together. 6/14.UPDATE:  Day 28 of the 30 day return period has come, so back it goes.  Even with the phone issues, and even with the price not back below the magic $150 price point....I ordered another of the same phone to replace my problematic one.  Yes, Virgina, this phone is that good. Exploring the last month or so I have discovered that it has every feature that I need. Even with the string of defects and the price bumped up $20 higher, I went with it again. Happy to say that this replacement shows none of the bad of it's brothers and all of the good. Bumping up another star.  7/14.

I love almost everything about this phone. I would give it 5 stars if you could actually hear someone that you are talking to without having to use speakerphone or bluetooth.

Let me start of by saying the phone came on time...two, the phone looks great and work just as great as it looks! Big screen and you are able to multitask. I rarely use my tablet now because of the size of the screen and the bells and whistles that this phone has. I highly recommend this phone to a person that's on a budget or if you are just looking for a great phone period and not caught up on the name of the phone. And for all the unbelievers out there.....the phone is truly unlocked...I am in Italy and I use this phone with Vodafone service...if you travel overseas a lot more then likely you have heard of the company and you would know what I am talking about but to make a long story short I am pretty sure it will work with any of the major carriers in the states.....but again it works absolutely perfect!

I absolutely LOVE my phone except for the fact that I think the part you put your headphones in is broken .. At first I thought that was how it worked until I listened to everyone else's with the same phone. I've done everything to make it work but it won't .
