
Great!

Best phone I've ever owned!  Would highly recommend.  Love the ultra power saving mode, water resistance, and camera! Home run.

This phone does not disappoint.  Some of the features aren't really intuitive but I suspect that is Google's doing.  They are becoming strange.

I purchased this phone for both my husband and son. They are pleased with the phones. I'm glad to have purchased it from Amazon because Sprint was charging $250 per phone.

Works great! By far the most vibrant screen I've ever seen. I can stare at it like I'm in love.

Oh, Another year, another set of phones from manufacturers!  I have been hooked onto get the latest phone every year syndrome and love reviewing specifics. Disclaimer, I love Android and have been using from very early days. I will not call Samsung Galaxy S5 as revolutionary, but it is certainly evolutionary. If you have an older phone more than 2 years old, absolutely get this. I love Samsung Galaxy S5 from its competitors for few reasons - removable battery, microSD card support and the maturity of the product. I have been using a S5 for past couple of days and have ordered a unlocked one from my local store. There are so many variants already in the market. So do check local specs. For example, in china market dual SIM S5 is available.Galaxy S5's back plate has a perforated dot pattern and a excellent matte finish. As a result, the phone looks far more sophisticated than its past designs despite its plastic build. Its surface feels nice to the touch without being too rough or too slippery.  I really do _not_ care about the plastic, in fact the lightweight nature is what I care. Some people make a huge deal out of it. A high quality plastic is good for lightweight and I go with lightweight than a heavy phone in the pocket. A reputed tech site called recently Samsung as the &#8220;undisputed king of the Android smartphone space&#8221;. True indeed. With the plethora of devices in tablets/phones, they have iterated so much that they can produce truly stunning products.If you care for weight, the Galaxy S4 is lighter than S5.  (please see my stats below).  In fact pixel density is slightly higher in S4 due to a 0.1in size difference. So get an S4, it is cheaper and still same phone that came out last year. If you care for heart rate monitor, fingerprint scanner, and water proof, get the S5. Otherwise literally similar set and you can save a lot by getting S4 now. Last year when S4 came out it was a great phone. It still is, though S5 came out now. Obsoletion is in the mind of the us, not on the devices.In my opinion, following are key specs to consider when you buying a phone. Most of others are standard or does not matter at all. First size,weight and resolution are part of look and feel. RAM/CPU part of performance. external Storage is part of expandability. Camera is obvious! SAR  (Specific Absorption Rating) is an often ignored, but I feel essential to making a buying choice. Manufacturers don&#8217;t advertize or mention SAR prominently.phone parameters: {size, weight, resolution, ppi, RAM, ext Storage, camera, CPU, USA SAR rating}Samsung Galaxy S5: 5.59 x 2.85 x 0.32 in, 145 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.1 in, 432 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, Qualcomm Snapdragon 801,  MSM8974-AC  Processor:  Quad core, 2500 MHz, Krait 400, 0.63 W/kg (head), 0.82 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy S4 (Intl version):  5.38 x 2.75 x 0.31 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.0 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD, up to 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5410 CPU, Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, 0.85 W/kg (head), 1.55 W/kg (body)HTC One M8: 5.76 x 2.78 x 0.37 in, 160 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, 4 MP (rear), 5 MP(front for selfies), Qualcomm Snapdragon 801, Quad core, 2300 MHz, Krait 400, 0.94 W/kg (head), 0.83 W/kg (body)LG G2: 5.45 x 2.79 x 0.35 in, 143 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.2 in, 424 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 13 MP/2.1 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.26 GHz Krait 400, 0.50 W/kg (head), 0.69 W/kg (body)Google Nexus 5: 5.43 x 2.72 x 0.34 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 4.95 in, 445 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 8 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.3 GHz Krait 400, 0.92 W/kg (head), 1.23 W/kg (body)Apple iPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 in, 112gm, 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 8 MP/1.2 MP, Apple A7, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cyclone (ARM v8-based), 1.12 W/kg (head), 1.18 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy Note 3 N9000: 5.95 x 3.12 x 0.33 in, 168 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.7 in, 386 ppi, 3 GB RAM, micro SD upto 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5420, Quad-core 1.9 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 0.24 W/kg (head), 0.72 W/kg (body)Nokia Lumia 1520: 6.41 x 3.36 x 0.34 in, 209gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 6.0 in, 367 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD up to 64 GB, 20 MP/1.2MP,  Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800 CPU  Quad-core 2.2 GHz Krait 400, SAR: 0.59 W/kg (head), 0.24 W/kg (body)Motorola Moto G: 5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 in, 143 gm, 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 5 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 1.17 W/kg (head), 1.06 W/kg (body)Given the above key specs, my suggestion to my friends is to choose 2 or 3 KEY features you require (may be large screen size, maybe less weight, maybe more CPU power) and then start nailing down the phones. Definitely and definitely go to a phone or a big box store and feel the phone. Nothing replaces that. In the end end you are using it for days and years, so the tactile feel is very important.SCREEN SIZE/RESOLUTION:I have experimented with many phone sizes and I have come to a conclusion 5&#8221; is the best form factor for me. Your mileage may vary, but after using Note for a while, I don&#8217;t use it as a primary phone.  The display in S5 is absolutely stunning with a Super AMOLED display and you have to see to feel it!ANDROID UI:S5 has Android 4.4.2 KitKat out of the box. User Interface hasa flatter and simpler design, as is now the trend across the industry. Once you get used to user interface you get used to it. Android is very flexible and when I show my phone to a iPhone users they are usually in awe. I recently to my friends shows the details of processes. battery usage like which process takes up more battery, Qi charging receivers for wireless charging on Galaxy phones and they were in awe.WATER PROOF:Obviously I have not tested this!,  but a very nice to have feature and gives a peace of mindCAMERA:This can just replace a point and shoot camera. Wait, what is a point and shoot camera?! Very impressive. S5 has a 16MP camera with super-fast autofocus, HDR mode with real-time preview, and support for 4K video recording. Definitely state of the art.  I took several indoor photos and they look great. It will be interesting to see how photos appear in a vanilla S5 which Google will release.S-HEALTH:I rely and use S-Health more than any other app in my Galaxy S5. It has driven my fitness regimen to a very good progress and the design of app is nothing short of buttery and beautiful. I am often too in good favor of Samsung loading the phones with S-Ware, but their design of S-Health is definitely breathtaking. Heart rate monitor is a great addition to the fitness tools. I used it for walking several steps and found it same as in S4.PROCESSING POWER:Don&#8217;t bother about it.  For 99% of users, this is good enough. The phone has more processing power than the rocket that went to moon first time and much more. The games are very smooth, the UI is very smooth.Qi WIRELESS CHARGING:I wonder why Samsung does not release wireless charging built in. You have to get a external Qi wireless charger and open the back, align it and use with a Qi charger. It should be integrated, but you can do it after the fact.NFC Tags:Wow, this is the most underrated in all reviews. Get bunch (  I mean  around 10) of NFC Tags and use in bedrooms, offices, cars, living room and customize what your phone wants to do in those areas. For example in my S4, when  I enter the car most often I use a) Navigation b) Listen to Podcasts. So I program my NFC tags accordingly using apps like Trigger and tap my phone to the NFC Tag and boom, phone does both. I am programming my S5 also to do host of things.128 GB Micro SD card!!This is just incredible. If you see my reviews, I have been saying having external capacity is very key. With a 4K camcorder you can fill your space in a blink of the eye. Movies take up space. Who would have thought a 128 GB tiny card can fit in  a phone. This is just incredible. I tested with a 128 GB  and it works wonderfully! A 16 GB phone memory will have around 10 GB spare initially.OTG - USB Hosts:This is also often ignored feature in many reviews.  On the GO USB cable + S5 means you can use with external hard disks, and virtually many of USB devices. If you have a thumb drive and have files, you can in fact read with a phone and don&#8217;t necessarily have to open  a laptop. works out of the box.BATTERY:Do you really need to care for battery anymore. I don&#8217;t. Just use the phone. I have battery power banks with capacity as high as 30,000 mAh to 8000 mAh that I can charge virtually anywhere without a power supply. So this has become moot for me in past year. I would also suggest you get power banks and not really care of battery drainage. Use the phone and enjoy!MISC FEATURES:I tested fingerprint scanner, but I am not sure how reliable it will be over time with scratches/oily fingers etc. I have to test it further, but for now I will settle on traditional passwords till bugs are ironed out.  Apple&#8217;s initial fingerprint software had bugs which was fixed subsequently. There are so many other features in S5. Some of them have become so standard that they are not review worthy!  e.g., Infrared for wireless remotes, GPS etc. GPS was spot on and I tried multiple GPS apps. It was bright outdoors (had to crank the brightness all the way up).To give a sample, I tried following apps and they just worked awesome.Amazon Mobile, Androidify, Angry Birds (multiple themes), Asphalt 8, Box, Chrome, NAVIGON (from Garmin - offline maps), TOM TOM, , Google Navigation/Earth/Maps, Google Currents (nice way to read News), Google Drive, Ebay, Linkedin, Google Music, Tapatalk (awesome forum browsing app), Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good), Microsoft Office, (yes they hve for Android!), Subsonic Music Streamer, TweetCaster Pro for Android (excellent twitter client), Twit.Tv, Trigger, Google VoiceAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Galaxy S5. I will be glad to answer any questions within 24 hours.

I love my new phone. It gives me such joy to know that I finally own one. It works perfect and I don't have any problems with it at all.

Hate it! Hate it! Hate it!!!!!What a stupid design! My galaxy S5 has enough useless features to fill days of exploration yet the home button wakes the phone and there's no way to disable this feature. Every time the phone is in my pocket, the home button inadvertently depresses and wake the phone. Soon after the phone rub against my pants and get unlocked. From there to the misdeal phone numbers to the deletion of important info, the way is very short. I guess it's okay, it only cost $700...I contacted Samsung but they had no help to offer other that going around it by putting a number or pattern lock on the phone. Surly my pants pocket isn't that smart. It's okay for the phone to heat up in my pants and waste battery while the screen is on.Arrgggghhhhhh! you stupid Samsung software engineers! Who the hell is testing your prototypes? We don't all wear suits like you! most of us are a blue collar working class that put our phone in our pants pocket.Please revise software to allow us to disable home button from waking phone up.And NO! I don't wan't to put a code (number, pattern, or unreliable finger print) on my phone. I don't want to see my life waste away on unlocking my phone for every time the screen goes out or with every phone call. I tried it and it suck.If this is not fixed, this is my last Samsung product. Very disappointing...

Much better battery life than my S3 phone.  I also like the larger display. Very fast phone and good call quality.

I am loving this phone so far.  Everyone wants me to throw it in some water to see if it is really water proof but I am not going to tempt fate, phone cost to much money to do that.  But the features are nice, easy to work with.  Having fun.

I received the phone w/o any issues and the phone works great; had the SGS3 and upgraded to the S5 and am happy with the purchase!

stolen while still exploring

Overall the phone is ok, but in the end it is doing the same thing my Galaxy S2 does. There is a feature called daydream, when you charge your phone u can pick a screen saver basically, that only worked the first two charges. My phone stays on, even when on the charger. It does not even go into the lock screen mode and I don&#8217;t have any feature on for the phone to always be on. The phone does my vibrate when a text message comes in if it is on vibrate.  I had to go in the  settings to put the messages on vibrate, which ALWAYS vibrate even when my phone is on sound. This is annoying to me. Still no flash player. I really like the camera. Can&#8217;t believe they got rid of the menu button. From time to time my settings just disappear. I still hav eto charge my phone EVERYDAY! The phone is OK but not what I thought it would be.

The phone is great with all the new features but the only problem is that you cannot surf the Web while talking on the phone. Something that my Galaxy S3  did but not this one. It makes no sense why Samsung and Sprint would go backwards in development. This was once a big selling point for the iPhone on AT&T. Hopefully this can be fixed over the new LTE Spark network

I know I wont cover everything that this phone has, pro and con, so I will just explain what I've noticed.First off - the plastic. Seems like every review has a gripe with plastic as a material on this phone - Ive owned iphones (1,2,3,4s,5s), HTC's (one), and Galaxy's (SIII) - and I enjoy the feel of this phone. The back is dimpled soft, if youve seen or held a (Asus) Google Nexus 7 2012 the back is exactly the same, soft to the touch and provides great grip. The plastic sides may scratch, but honestly not as easy as a HTC with its brushed finish. When I first opened the box, I held the phone in one hand and the battery in another and couldn't figure out how, together, they would create a sufficient weight to 'feel' like a phone. You get used to it. I didn't like the riveted bezel in pictures, and while its grown on me, I still don't think aesthetically it was the best choice. The phone is IP67 which means dust and waterproof, something I have yet to voluntarily test. After a few minutes the phone felt just like it should in my hand. I can operate almost all features with one hand (6'1&#34; / normal hands). The S5 is truly a slab of a phone, thin with an exquisite screen. The screen pops with color and is hypnotizing when you throw a good image or video on there. The camera is great, though I would highly recommend the Google official camera in the play store. The stock Samsung camera is good, but has so many options and settings a nerd like me gets too lost in technical aspects. Google camera uses the Samsung's 16 megapixel sensor beautifully - the panorama and photo-sphere modes blew everyone away at the beach. No matter the camera app you use, low light is a large problem for this sensor, and it shows in most pictures I've taken inside. The video is 4k, though I've read its not technically 4k playback, fact is, I don't have a 4k TV so it doesn't matter. The video looks good on my 23&#34; monitors and that's good enough.The s-health app is pretty much useless with its heart rate sensor constantly unable to measure or reporting vastly different readings, and the pedometer was different than a few other fitness wearable I've compared.  Touchwiz is less bloated, but since I've used Cynogenmod 10.2 on my SIII and stock Android on my HTC I still see allot of unneeded stuff there. The reason I haven't tried to flash this S5 yet is that some of the features really are cool, like power saving mode, right now with my S5 @ 88% it estimates 11.0 days of standby time in 'Ultra Power Saving' mode. This may come in handy soon, because the screen (as gorgeous as it is) hogs the battery. Right now its using 32% of my systems battery resources and its set to about 45% brightness. The Touchwiz over Android KitKat is snappy as hell, only lag I get is with my Google Voice integration stuttering when I open the Google Voice app to text. One other thing that is trivial but worth a mention is that the USB 3.0 charger is bulky and tough to attach to your phone, you first pull off the sealed port on the S5 (b/c of waterproof) that is held on with a small piece of plastic, and to get the USB male end into the port, youve got to be firm. It does charge fast, about 2 hours to full charge from 3% for me so far. I think that the Samsung Galaxy line is truly a workhorse of a phone, and plan on having this for at least a few years.

What can I say...the best phone at a great price!

I'm an Android fan.  This phone does naturally what other phones need applications to do.  I'm still learning it.  You cannot go wrong with this one here!

awesome phone.

This is a great phone. I love everything about this phone. Would definitely refer friends and family to get this phone.

Had a Motorola Droid that I cracked my screen on that was great and battery life forever SO I UPGRADED . Now I have been on samsung remote help for 4 days and about 1-11/2 hrs each day trying to keep my e-mail working and syncing with this phone. They all go in re do everything and it works for 1-6 hrs. Then quits syncing again with my computer and won't refresh. i have been told everything and lastly this phone can't do that ? WHAT? How do you explain working for periods of time ? I have never had this problem with past i-phones or Droids. BAD MISTAKE ON MY PART GETTING THIS PHONE. Have not had this phone a week yet and have benn fixing it every day.

There was no doubt about it, I was getting this phone. I bought it thru Amazon, cuz it was way cheaper than anywhere else. Too many pros to list, my only con is I wish the zoom was better on the camera

Haven't had it for long, but I am loving it. Super responsive, fast during all the apps I use. I'll update my review once I've had more time with it.It also doesn't have as much bloatware as previous galaxies. The stuff that is on it, is actually useful!

Nice and big

The blood pressure sensor is a gimmick, but that isnt why I bought it anyhow. The fingerprint scanner works better than I expected, and is reliable enough (when your hands arent covered in something) to use it to unlock the device. The fact that it is able to be used under water (in case you have a kid that likes to try to flush random things down the toilet) makes this an added bonus, not to mention it's very fast and responsive. I dont like the UI, but eh, There's an app for that, lol.

Beautiful Pictures with this camera!

Love the S5 sooo much!

DID ALL I WANTED AND MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  GREAT PHONE WITH MANY MANY OPTIONS. WILL BE A NICE ADDITION TO MY ELECTRONICS.

Will be purchasing all my phones when upgrade time comes best price hands down.

I've had this for about a month now.Pretty good reception compared to other sprint phones we've had. I've been happy with the battery life and it charges quickly. I've been able to take some super nice photos with the camera. fingerprint sensor always works (except when wet). I could care less about the health apps + heartbeat sensor. I only really used a few of the 'app extras' that samsung bundled in, most are like a few months free premium access and then they want you to pay for continued use.Waterproof is great - i've had people asking what phone this is, i took it to hawaii and submerged it in hot tubs and the ocean, took video underwater of fish with it. The controls are difficult or not really able to be used under water. The headphone jack did get some gravel in it + was hard to clean, and while it was drying out it kept giving me the headphone notification which was annoying.I'm not giving it a 5 star because the phone still lags at times, probably samsung's software and other apps causing it, and the chrome band around it nicks pretty easily - they could have used tougher plastic for that.You should probably still get a screen protector or cas... somehow i managed to get a decent scratch on the gorilla glass, and that would also help the dents on the rim.All in all, i really like the phone, if you're on the verge, get it.

The phone has meet all my expectations to date. The transaction with Amazon was easy and efficient. No issues activating the phone with Sprint. If required I would make the same purchase again.

Its thinner than I expected, which makes it light enough that holding it up to your ear isn't an annoyance. The textured back makes it easier to hold on to, so you don't drop it.  The sound quality on a call is great, and its pretty good listening to music too.  It came with a pair of headphones with a mic that also work really well for calls or music.  The phone is plenty powerful, applications are quick to respond, and the recent apps button that replaces the menu button lets you swap between recently used apps, and it happens so fast, it almost feels like multi-tasking.  Its really an amazing phone.  My only complaint, was very minor, in that I couldn't find the sd card slot.  It is right on top of the sim card slot, which makes it easy to miss.  There is an icon indicating you can put an sd card there, but before I looked it up online, I didn't even notice the icon.  Not really enough to deduct a star.

excellent phone

Great phone! Love the size

I've been a fan of the galaxy phones for a while now and I just love this one!  Very happy with this purchase!

Major defect in phone. Headphone input has a defect and doesn't fit any headphones.  Input is too large for some reason so headphones don't work.  Have to return to Amazon and nothing can be done in the Sprint store so now I'm out of a phone for a few days since I already traded in my old phone.  Wouldn't recommend buying off of Amazon since Sprint won't help you if something goes wrong or you recieve a defected phone.  Not sure what type of phones Amazon is supplying, could be refurbished, especially since it was much cheaper than everywhere else.

The most amazing Android device yet nothing compares. Battery life is out of this world oh and water proof man that's a plus. Down side the dual band wifi & data has not being activated yet BY sprint. SPRINT WHEN ARE U ACTIVATING THIS?

simply the best phone ive ever hadIts packed with great features, easy to use, not too big that it will still fit comfortably in your pocketand has a great stunning screen graphics.

the equipment is locked and I do not work with any operator in my country, which is unfortunate because it is very expensive equipment

I had an awesome help from your Tech crew, I had to call for help to get my new phone transfer to my account.  I had a problem with  an line item with additional extra charges to my account.  The Tech helped resolve the problem after 20 minutes and  a couple attempts.  I total forgotten his name, but he helped and solve the problem for me.  5 Stars to your tech crew !!!!Thank you and I will buy again though Amazon,your the best!!

My sister and I got the phone for our dad for father's day, He loves it! Getting the phone for Sprint through Amazon was affordable too. He was due an upgrade so it was less than $130 buying it via amazon. It's 100's of dollars anywhere else.My father loves the size of the screen and the feel of it and the overall fantastic durability of the phone. It's only about a month old and the phone has fallen but you would never no because there's not a single nick, crack, or malfunction to be found. Can't say that about iphones.

Hello,this item can't use in China,because it be locked.Can you help me unlock?

I love the phone and it came on the day it was suppose to I tracked every movement and im satisfied thanks amazon and they have it the cheapest I'm very satisfied and everythings good as of right now

The S5 was received brand new for only $100. Sprint wanted $200 for me to upgrade to this phone I searched on Amazon and I found it for only $100 can't beat that.

Ok, First off, I had to get my phone through Sprint, since they only offer the "Easy Pay" plan online or in store... (I would go with an Amazon Easy pay in about 2 seconds of it existed.)**Update 5/9 - I had my first experience of the IP67 Waterproofing Yesterday...  I was working in my yard and had my phone in my shirt pocket, while up about 4 feet in a ladder my phone slipped out and dropped straight into a bucket of water!  Honestly despite the certification I thought my phone was toast...  But Nope, it didn't miss a beat, it was still working and playing Pandora without a problem.  I was worried so I took off the case and back cover and found no water penetration into the phone, (The phone was submerged for about a minute)  This was very satisfying to see and definitely increased my happiness with the phone....**Also this review won't go into Tech specs or Vs the major competition, Specs have been covered and "Vs the competition" is pretty subjective..  I owned an S4 so I'll compare it to that.Size: no major difference, it has decent hand feel, no it doesn't have a metal case and it isn't perfect but it works for me just as well or better than the S4.OS: I haven't rooted it yet or replaced the OS.  The stock touchwiz seems to do fine in normal operating mode (It does stutter a bit in heavy power saver mode)Battery:  It performs as well as my S4, and on most days a bit better...  I used to get 8 hours even before I got the 15% battery warning, Now I go between 8 and 11 depending on use.Screen:  It is significantly easier to see in sunlight than the S4.  It does seems like it gets brighter...Samsung Features: Air Gesture and Smart Stay seem to work well.  At least I should say better than the S4.  I still have trouble with smart stay as I wear glasses, but it does seem better.  The heart-rate monitor is a neat feature, and works well, but not something that influenced my decision.  The Fingerprint scanner works better than the one on my work PC, but it is still more of a hassle (IMHO) than just punching a code or swiping a pastern.  If I could just press my finger tot he screen and it would unlock then it might beat out the other lock methods for me.So in general I think it's a decent upgrade from the S4, but nothing that can't wait a  year until the "S6" in 2015. (Except the inclusion of Tri-Band LTE which the S4 doesn't have).  That all said if you have a sprint S4 and your LTE signal is good, you are safe to stay, but if you are on an S3 I would recommend the upgrade.It does do wireless charging either with an adapter or with the "Charging Cover" just like the S4, and I can't see any difference in the speed of charging between the S4 and S5...One caveat I found:  The Tri-Band LTE no longer allows SVLTE (Simultaneous Voice and LTE Data) This means like AT&T; you can no longer use data while you are talking on the phone (While on the network, Wifi still allows it)...  So no checking a website while talking is out)Overall I give the S5 4 Stars:5 Stars to start with.-1 Star for no SVLTE-.5 Star for Fingerprint Scanner Quirkiness-.5 Star for Plastic Design again+1 Star for Smoothing out Touchwiz Android SkinSo 4 Stars overall, It's getting close to what I want a phone to be, but falls just short.It has replaced my S4 and I won't be switching back, but I Really hope the "S6" Addresses some more of the design quirks and brings battery life up significantlyJust my thoughts,AK

It's a great device, without a doubt.  After 2 successive HTC flagships on Sprint, I decided to join the masses with samsung.  A power user, and rom geek, I've learned that the biggest user base gets all the development attention. And accessories.  So it didn't take a lot of pondering.So far, the experience has been top notch.  Everything you would expect from the top dog.  Snappy response and a worthy platform for all that android supplies.My only whine?  Better low light photography,  please.  I don't really care if it takes a higher ISO, larger aperture, or whatever.  I'm ready for the Olympus Stylus or Yashica T4 of the Android universe to emerge!

Best deal I hv ever had on a smart phone. An S5 to begin with. I am a great shopper though. For $100 bucks, you can't beat that.

battery life is not as advertised, i put on the battery saver settings and i barely use the phone and i see the battery life drain really fast!!

What can I say, I love this phone.  It seems to work the way it's suppose to.  I had to mess with some of the settings when I first got it so the battery would last, but once I figured out it was the google backup that was chewing through the battery it will go two days without a charge.

I am a very big fan of Samsung phones. I have been using Samsung phones for years. During these years their phones became better. I especially like their Galaxy line. This phone is my latest addition. So far it worked for me up-to my expectations. The phone is equipped with latest and extremely useful applications. easy to use interface. Actually a bit getting used to time is necessary; but understanding the phone and its operations is quite easy. Very sensitive and easy to use, fast working touch screen. Actually that division is vastly developed comparing to past models. Anyway the protection of touchscreen is very important. A proper dust cleaning method is mandatory to keep the performance of the phone to an optimised level. So Use of a cleaning wipes such as25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiperis vitally important.

Solid upgrade from my S3.  Great camera with a large selection of options.  Really like the virtual tour setting.  Not sure how to best utilize it but it is cool.  Faster than the S3 for sure.  No issues to date.  Standard bloatware.  I dont use the S Health apps.  Only issue is the zoom in when texting that is annoying but Im sure with a little research and a change of a setting that will be fixed.  Love the U Power Saving mode.  The battery only dropped 1% after being left off the charger for 7 hours.  So far I am glad I went with the S5 over the S4, not to mention I was able to get it a lot cheaper on Amazon than at Sprint with the 2 yr. contract.  The waterproofing, although no first hand experience, is a great touch.  It nice to be by the pool and not have to cringe at the thought of it taking a swim.

Great phone love everything about it excel the claim that it is water resistant.  Dipped it under the sink after making sure that it was properly sealed up at the charge port and then cleaned it off.  Phone continued to work perfectly for a while until i opened up my camera and found it to be blurry.  Upon inspection there is water in both the lenses of the forward and backward facing lenses.  Called Samsung and they said they couldn't help.Other than that the battery life is fantastic, the screen is sharp as could be.  Love the phone and will keep it with the hope eventually this water will evaporate out!!

My phone died and I needed a new one.  So many choices out there and I had to figure out the best one for me. I had a Samsung product before and was very happy with it so I went with this one. Also like the HTC but I drop phones and with the metal body it would be ruined.

Awesome phone. Going from a HTC Evo 4G LTE, and is awesome. Phenomenal camera, takes beautiful pictures. Always a learning curve with new phones, but not bad at all. Great deal on amazon, won't buy from a sprint store again. Got one for my husband too. He loves it at well.

My husband is really enjoying his phone especially the camera! It was a good choice, so I just upgraded my phone today and will be getting my new Galaxy S5 this week! We have been buying Samsung phones for the last couple of years and will not purchase any other phone, we are loyal Samsung buyers!

This is a very nice phone with a very nice screen, and camera, and speaker, and size, ok you get the idea. I recently upgraded from the LG G2 which was a really nice phone too except for the speaker. The only thing I wish the Galaxy S5 had is the double tap on the screen to turn on and off the screen like the G2, but this S5 is pretty cool, I got it for $99 here on amazon and sprint wanted $250, Five stars to Amazon for that.

I absolutely LOVE my Galaxy S5!!! This is one awesome piece of scientific art!!!!Samsung definitely went to another &#34;galaxy&#34;!!!!

Best phone is ever had

Awesome phone. It does everything I want it to do and more.

I have much to learn regarding this Phone, but the call quality has been superb and is actually easy to use.  The dust and water proofing was the selling point for me.  Unlike some other purchasers on here, I will not test the phone to see if the claims hold up.  LOL!!  With the protective shell that I have inserted the phone in, I am sure it will stand up to the elements!

Excellent pricing and easy activation. Speedy delivery and in original product packaging.

good but i brought samsung galaxy SDuos S7562 do not work properly and they me phone and guide book other than English what ever i do not understand but i email no respond

this is probably the greatest samsung phone so far but, I have sprint service so I will never be able to unlock the phone's full potential because of crappy service. I was duped into upgrading to this phone by sprint saying that it is a lot faster than my galaxy 3 and this phone has a better antenna than the 3 which will make my phone perform a lot faster. but if you have crappy service the phone can't perform as promised.

I still don't know how to use everything

Evolutionary not revolutionary but a very nice phone. Favorite feature by far is the fingerprint reader. Easy and quick way to unlock your phone. Traded up from a S4. A bit lighter, great screen. Settings a bit confusing compared to the prior model. I had to download the manual and actually read it.

For the purchase price I saved myself about $150 sprint upgrade

I love this phone! It great for my personal and business use. It takes great pictures!! I don't think I could have chosen a better phone.

Great phone. Don't need to carry iPad around when you have this galaxy s5

I discover more features on this phone every week. Truly the best phone choice I've ever made.

I don`t have noting to speak about this smartphone, simply the best of the world, worth the investment!! !! !!

Is great phone and capable of all it does as describe. Awesome it was worth the money.I am very satisfy with this device.

The best phone i ever have all of the stuff is incredible and crazy

Great phone

Have had it for a few weeks now, love it so far.  Will probably end up rooting it for a little more functionality (hand swipe for screenshot is annoying) but overall the features packed in this phone is pretty amazing.

Too many problems with Gaxaly S5. The speaker and front camera is not working properly.

This phone is just what i needed. About 2yrs ago we switched to I-phones and they were good but not until now I didn't know what really good was. AWESOME!!!

Took it to Sprint store to have it activated and they said it was already activated on another account. Not too happy about that!!!

Great Phone so far.

Pros:Decent camera; great shots in daylight. Not so great in lower light. It does OK sending pictures, and once you find the picture file location, it's easy to grab and copy pictures. Removable battery. External memory extension slot.Cons: (so very many)Finger swipe security feature takes several swipes, and recent (May 2014) update will not lock the phone completely for 30 seconds after 5 swipes (Previously it force a password entry). Been trying for days to find a way to back up, but no go.Backups fail, restores fail, and doesn't sync well with outlook. Sync feature will lose data from phone to Outlook on a computer, particularly Contacts. Tasks are hidden within the calendar feature, making them all but useless.  Backup will say &#34;complete&#34; but onlly phone log and alarm will actually back up.Samsung apps like S-Health will randomly erase all data, and apparently can't be downloaded. It takes several tries record a pulse (the sites will say, &#34;don't press too hard&#34; but I found I don't press hard enough). You're forced to sign up and share the data with Samsung, yet it keeps getting erased from my phone, and I can neither back it up nor restore it, despite having it set up to automatically back up every three hours.If you set up Picasa, you cannot delete pictures that have synced.Samsung's support is aggravatingly useless. The Kies software has options for synchronizing Tasks, but their support says it's not supported. Based on searching the Samsung site and other forums, along with using the Kies software, it's clear that the app isn't fully supported by Samsung itself, and they have no documentation at all, except basic &#34;how to.&#34;  If you try to get answers from them, they'll insist on getting carrier-specific model information because the phone is supposed different for each carrier.  I have a hard time believing something so basic as Tasks is different.It will continually tell you the back cover is loose when it's clearly not.There are also multiple on=board apps for things; Samsung's brand, Google brand, and the amount of bloatware is insane.I regret buying this phone, and Samsung's responses to technical support requests have guaranteed I will not purchase another Samsung product again.

So, being a relatively practical smartphone guy who admittedly doesn't explore the world of apps or features nearly enough - the most important things first:(Sprint PCS 16gb Black Model, Phoenix Area)**upgrading from an HTC One**1. The mobile data, which previously was erratic 4g coverage in my house/neighborhood or 3g only, has gone from averaging 1-2mbps to 7-12mpbs. There are about 4-5 spots in my house that I use when running SpeedTest on any device, and the S5 kills it. I've had the HTC One and the Galaxy Note II/S3 over the last 3-4 years and they all seemed to struggle with the data network in my actual home or surrounding area....2mbps on Sprint was the best I usually got.2. The size and the casing of the phone finally feel &#34;right' - imho, the S3 felt a bit too cheap and the Note II was a bit gigantic. The screen size, whatever it is, is exactly in what I consider the sweet spot (and looks incredible). It's not made of metal or the heavy material that I associate with iPhones, but it feels durable in all the right areas.3. If I end up being wrong about this, I'll update the review, but it appears to not have nearly as much pre-loaded garbage apps or bloatware as some of the earlier Samsung models. Out of the box it's lightning quick, and after about 5 minutes it was customized to my liking with all layouts/widgets/apps/feeds in their proper place and all security features configured and ready to go.4. Keyboard input is noticeably better than other phones I've used lately. The default layout has a Swype-like feature on it, but also is surprisingly accurate when typing on the standard qwerty layout as well. Swype's keyboard was on the phone when I first checked, so either Google synced it up immediately or it was standard on the phone (I suspect the latter, as my account wasn't linked to it....gotta re-enter all of my dirty words).There seems to be a lot more to this phone and the OS is inviting enough that I may finally cave and start dinking around with apps and sHealth and all of the Web 2.3 (or are we at 2.4 yet?) toys my friends are obsessed with. But regardless, I can sum up how I feel about this phone with two sentences and the TL;DR:TL;DR - if you're used to Galaxy phones and like Samsung's previous models, consider this to be their best without question. All of the small upgrades seem to work as expected and have a clear purpose, and the Sprint network itself has massively improved functionality on this model (vs. the HTC One or Galaxy Note II).

Love this thing! The screen is absolutely spectacular. The colors are brilliantly amazing and clear. Watching videos on this thing is by far the best mobile video viewing experience I've had. I had an iPhone before and don't think i'll be going back. I love how this device allows you, with many different platforms, to intergrate everything you do; from your packages being delivered, calenders, S Health, Google Pictures, GMail, the list goes on.The one downside is the bluetooth module they put into their &#34;flagship&#34; phone is pretty weak. Considering it's Samsungs flagship device, I would've expected stellar specs across the board but the bluetooth is a bit lackluster. Another problem I have with it is that I have set all the apps and pretty much all my data as limited to Wifi only, but for some reason, the only time I get notified for updates is when I leave wifi.As much as I am over Apple and iTunes, I gotta hand it to them. The OS we beautifully simple and bug free. Unlike Samsung Andriod.

Wanted a Galaxy S since they first came out.  Very happy with the S5 version.  Good reception, great features and easy user interface.

Excellent

BEWARE!!!! THIS PHONES SETUP IS BASED ON SPRINT'S NEW NETWORK CHANGES AND DOES NOT ALLOW WEB SURFING OR NAVIGATION UTILIZATION WHILE TALKING ON THE PHONE UNLESS YOU'RE USING WI-FI! DEALBREAKER FOR ME! IM SENDING IT BACK!!!!

Upgrading from a HTC EVO I was blown away by the options this phone has.  Sadly Sprint's hit-and-miss cell coverage in various parts of Metro Phoenix, AZ leads me to deduct one star.  I ultimately went to the GS4, as the cost for a new phone was $0.01 on Amazon, and as of the date of this review Sprint has an option to use Wifi calling; allowing the phone to text and call anytime with no restrictions if placed to domestic numbers.  I did have problems with the Samsung fit application, it kept resetting causing the memory to delete. Also the pedometer was a tad bit sensitive as the steps would creep up as I had the phone sitting on the console of my car. I can't find anything wrong with this model except to say a fool like myself would break the screen quickly, thus I bought an Otterbox Defender Series to prevent my neanderthalish ways of causing damage to the phone; specifically the large screen.

I upgraded from an S3 to an S5.  I had the S3 for several years and was very happy with it.1) The day after I received my phone, I stopped receiving text messages completely.  I worked with the T-mobile rep to rectify it.  I had to do a hard reset on the phone.  Although I never received my missed texts, it seemed to work after that.  I was told that the phones were shipped with faulty software that Samsung was aware of.  Texts have worked fine since them.2) The speakerphone is a half-duplex instead of full duplex.  That means that when the other person was talking or making noise on their end, they could never hear me.  I was never sure if they were hearing what i was saying or if it was actually going through.  For example, if I was talking to someone on speakerphone who was in their car and had a lot of noise on their end, they would never hear me.  As someone who uses speakerphone a lot, this is a major problem.  My Samsung S3 was full duplex.  I never had this problem.3) My email never properly synced with my server.  If i looked at emails on my computer, they would still show as unread on my phone even AFTER I hit the sync button.  I would delete emails on my phone and after I synced, they would re-appear.4) I would choose a specific ringtone for different friends and it would only work SOMETIMES.  One time I might get the ringtone that I specified and another time I might get my generic ringtone.  No rhyme or reason.5) Because I live in NYC, some subway stations have cell service and others do not.  If I sent a text when I didn't have service, it SHOULD simply send when I got above ground or to a station that had service.  It wouldn't.  The text would just sit there and never send.  I would have to copy/paste it to a NEW text and send again.6) I used the map service to find a friend who was several blocks away.  I had an address and when I put it into the phone, it sent me in the complete wrong direction.  In fact, the map started spinning as if it had no idea how to locate where I was or where I was going.7) There was a serious lag because of Touchwiz.  It's almost as if the phone is thinking about what it needs to do.I'm being shipped a new phone but I'm not sure if it will fix ANY of these problems. If it doesn't, I'm going to have to choose a new one. Samsung REALLY rushed this one out.

My wife loves the phone and just keeps raving abiut all of the new features. Can't wait for the next Note to come out.

The best phone ever!!

It's everything I thought it would be and then some. The SVLTE issue isn't so bad if you have wifi wherever you go. Definitely a great upgrade from the S3.

Absolutely love love love this phone received it super fast totally satisfied

I absolutly love this phone! Switched from the iphone 5s and its the best thing ive done in a while

You can use this as an upgrade, I called sprint and they wanted 249.00 for the phone with a $50 dollar rebate. That ould make it $199. I found it here on amazon for 99.00. Cost me 107.00 with the bogus tax we have to pay amazon now but still alot cheaper than Sprint. Yes you can keep your plan and get the phone for 99.00 bucks. Cant go wrong and I cant believe I found this!!! Great phone and it is very fast. Makes my S3 seem very slow.

Awesome Phone!!!

This phone is amazing,  I love everything about it. I was also hesitant about buying a phone from someone other than sprint,  but no worries,  it was perfectly fine! ! I even took it to the sprint store and they helped me set it up. I so recommend this phone and getting it on amazon cheaper was awesome! !

I went from a Galaxy 3 to this Galaxy 5 and am really enjoying to the improvements. Considering Sprint wanted over twice what I paid it is a great deal.  The trade in program is pretty lame though.  My S3 was like new and they rejected and returned it without even an offer..  I wouldn't count on the trade in service and recommend going elsewhere for that.

Fast and reliable.  I upgraded from a Galaxy s2 so it was a major difference for me.  This is the first time I've purchased the &#34;latest&#34; phone and I'm pleased with that decision.  The Bluetooth connected easily to the Microsoft Sync in my car, though it's not compatible with the text feature (2010 model basic ford sync) - this was true with my s2 as well.Features I like have more to do with software upgrades such as the widget allowing you to track your data usage with the option to warn you of reaching your limit (if you have a limited data plan).  Similarly, it tells you which apps are using the most data allowing you to adjust your usage.  Automatic back ups to the cloud only kick on with wireless connections (smart).  Oh, and it's FAST!  Set up with my work email accounts on Microsoft exchange servers was a breeze compared to past phones too.My only gripe is the text feature in my car - I would've hoped that with so many ford cars on the road the software developers would've found a way to make that work on the android side.  I'm sure it's complicated, though.

Cannot talk and use internet simultaneously unless connected to Wi-Fi.  A new phone should not have less features. Could've had a V8.

Pros-1. Beautiful display.2. Great performance.3. Battery life has been improved.4. Improved design.5. Premium camera with lots of features.Cons-1. The interface still feels cluttered.2. A lot of bloatware and redundancy.3. Only 16 GB of internal storage.Having used the Samsung Galaxy S5 for over a month the best description I can use for it is that is it a jack of all trades. This is a phone that does everything really, really well but it is not the best at any one thing. The phone itself is fantastic and I hope this review will help you decide whether it is right one for you.DISPLAYThe Galaxy family of phones has always had very attractive displays. The Galaxy S5 is no exception. The screen has a 1920 x 1080 resolution with a pixel density of 432. This makes texts and pictures incredibly sharp. It is very useful for people that like to read a lot on their phones. No more blurry texts. But it is not the resolution that makes the display special but the fact that it is a Super AMOLED screen. What does that mean? Well Super AMOLED have very saturated colors that look beautiful. The colors look slightly unrealistic but there is no denying that they are attractive. AMOLED screens also has higher contrast than its competition. Compare a Galaxy S5 screen to an LG or HTC and you will instantly notice the difference. It really makes pictures and videos come to life.The only thing I do not like about the display is that it is not very bright. If you are under direct sunlight you have to increase the brightness all the way up in order to distinguish anything. Even then videos are very difficult to watch under sunlight.PERFORMANCEThe Galaxy S5 comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor and 2 GB of Ram. This phone comes with latest version of android which is Kit Kat 4.4.2. This is the most secure, stable, and smooth version of android. The processor makes the phone feel fast and the phone can handle just about everything that you throw at it. With this phone you don&#8217;t have to worry about how many applications you have opened or whether or not it is going to freeze. Samsung has been refining and perfecting multitasking the last few years. In the S5 you can run two applications at the same time without any lag or stutters. I have 4 home screens with 5 widgets running at the same time and I still can&#8217;t get this phone to lag. As far as gaming is concerned, you can be confident that this phone can handle any game available in the Play Store right now without any problem. Games load fast and the performance is very smooth. I have absolutely no complains about performance.DESIGNThe Galaxy S5 is made of plastic. There is no way around that. However, the back texture of the phone is much better than the one found on the S4, S3, and S2. Those phones were fingerprint magnets. After a few minutes of use without a case they would become an oily mess. That is not the case with the S5. The S5 does not collect fingerprint. The back of the device has a dimple texture that has grown on me. I am not a huge fan of the color selection of the phone but the navy blue model looks great.The phone has a 5.1 inch display. The phone is pretty big. One handed use is not impossible but it is hard. I am a fan of the fingerprint scanner on the S5. What I don&#8217;t like is the fact that you have to slide your finger in order to scan your finger. The IPhone 5S version of the fingerprint sensor is much more convenient when you are using the phone with one hand. The phone itself is comfortable to hold for long periods of time and it provides a pretty good grip. I am using the phone without a case and I don&#8217;t fear dropping the phone. I was using an LG G2 a few months ago and I was terrified of holding it without a case. It was much more slippery.Another improvement the S5 has over the S4 is that it is now water and dust resistant. The back plate has a thin rubber border on the inside that prevents water from coming in. Now the phone is NOT water proof. It will with stand the occasional water splash and maybe the unfortunate drop on the toilet. But don&#8217;t go in the pool or the beach with it. Water will eventually go in and ruin the phone.On the back of the phone below the camera there is also a heartbeat monitor. Personally I do not like it simply because it is not practical. You have to be standing really still and on a quiet environment for it to work properly. That is not exactly ideal when you are trying to use while jogging. However, when it is use properly under the right conditions I found it to be very accurate. It is a shame it is so nitpicky when it comes to its terms of use. Overall, I am happy with the design and hardware improvements.USER INTERFACE AND APPSLike I mentioned before the S5 is running android 4.4.2 Kit Kat. However, in order to differentiate their phones from other android offerings they are running a layer on top of android called Touch Wiz. As a whole Touch Wiz is a mixed bag. I like what they do with the notification area. They have many shortcut toggles on the notification area that allows for easy access to the main connections settings such as Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS, Data and more. They allow you to customize the order of the toggles as well as add or remove some of them.Where Touch Wiz gets a bit confusing is in the settings menu. For some reason, Samsung decided to have the menu settings laid out as colored bubble toggles in the setting menu. The toggles color scheme follow no discernable pattern. Even though the toggles are grouped by categories it feels disorganized. Fortunately, they decided to include a search bar at the top that lets you easily find the setting you are looking for. It reminds me of the search bar on Windows 8. It really is useful for beginners.Samsung includes a lot of their apps along with their phones. Most of the app offered by Samsung are redundant and generally inferior versions of apps found on the Google Play Store. For example, they include a virtual assistant called S Voice that is supposed to help you schedule appointments, search for the weather and look up web searches. Unfortunately, it is very slow and half the time I did not get the desired results. Google offers Google Now which is much faster and delivers better results. Each carrier comes with their own suite of apps. Most of them are useless and take up a lot of space on the hard drive. The Verizon model is specially the worst. Fortunately, you can disable most of them and install your preferred choice of apps.CAMERAThe S5 comes with at 16 megapixel camera on the back and a 2.1 megapixel on the front. I do not use the front camera very often but the back camera I use every day. For taking pictures it is simply fantastic. I really like it. The camera focuses really fast and come out looking very sharp. You will get the occasional blurry picture but they are few and far in between. Night shots take a little more time to focus and there is a higher chance of getting blurry pictures. The HTC One(M8) takes better night pictures than the S5 but the S5 camera takes much better daylight pictures. I have tried both phones and for general usage the camera on the S5 is considerably better.One of the things I really like about the camera is the HDR mode. You know how sometimes when you take a picture and the subjects are standing in front of a lot of sunlight and the faces tend to come out darker than you want them to. Well when you activate HDR mode the camera takes several pictures at the same time with different exposures. It then combines them all together and highlights the best part of each photo. It makes a big difference. Now, many phones have HDR mode but in most of them you have to take the picture and then once it is done you have to go back on the gallery and check how the picture came out and see if you like it. On the S5 however, when you activate HDR mode it automatically shows you a preview on the screen of how the picture will come out. It is the first phone I have seen do it and I really like it.The Galaxy S5 has the ability to take videos in 4K resolution. The videos come out looking sharp. Unfortunately, the S5 does not have optical image stabilization. That means that videos come out looking very shaky. You really have to slow and have a steady hand if you want the video to not shake as much. This is one area where the LG G2 is considerably better than the S5 thanks to the image stabilization. The G2 videos still shake if you are not careful but not nearly as much. The image stabilization didn&#8217;t make nearly as big a difference when it came to pictures though. They are both good camera phones.BATTERY LIFEThe Samsung Galaxy S5 comes with a removable 2800 mah battery. The usage is going to vary between people but for my regular day I found the batter life to be more than adequate. The thing I noticed that drained the battery quicker was the web browser. It lasts a surprisingly good time when it comes to videos though. You will appreciate this if you like streaming Netflix and YouTube. On a regular day I make about half an hour worth of calls, send about 50 texts along with an hour or so of web browsing. I usually go to sleep with the battery at about 40%. Not bad at all. I charge it every day for good measure. The phone takes between 90 to 120 minutes to charge depending on whether you are using it or not at the time.A new addition to the S5 is &#8220;Ultra Power Saving Mode&#8221;. What it basically does it strips your smartphone of everything that makes it &#8220;smart&#8221;. It is meant to be used when your battery is about to run out and it will basically only let you send texts, makes calls and use a total of six apps. The screen will also turn white and black to conserve more power. It is meant as a desperate last resort strategy. Hopefully you won&#8217;t have to use it often.STORAGEThe standard version of the Galaxy S5 comes with 16 GB of internal storage. However, there is only about 10 GB of those available for you to use out of the box. The rest is taken up by the operating system and the apps that come pre-installed. Fortunately, the S5 supports the use of MicroSD cards up to 128 GB. That is great feature because you can use an MicroSD card to store your pictures and videos and use the internal storage to install apps from the Play Store.CONCLUSIONDo I recommend this premium smartphone? In all honesty I do. It has a fantastic screen, smooth performance, and a very nice camera. The exterior design of the phone has been improved considerably from the S4. You will probably appreciate the addition of the fingerprint sensor and water resistant features. The heart rate monitor is not perfect but it works under the right conditions.I would have liked to have 32 GB of internal storage as opposed to 16 GB on the base model. Optical Image Stabilization would be a nice addition in the future.Overall the phone is feature packed and very complete. Samsung has proven to build pretty solid and reliable phones and they usually support software updates for at least a couple of years. I really thing that this phone is a great choice that you will like. I give it 4.5 out of 5 stars.

Came from a Note3. The Note3 with a larger form factor was easier to read and type with. The water resistant feature is probably nice, havent had a chance to test it though. The main problem is that this is a Sprint network device. Probably a lot faster on another carrier.

I'm so in love with this phone.

Love my new Galaxy S5, my husband and I made the transition from an iPhone 4 to the new Galaxy S5 last week, we have nothing but good things to say about the new phones. Great Job Samsung!
