
We received the phone in early April, 2014. As of June 20th, 2014 the phone is useless. From the start the phone would not connect to 4G, but at the same time there was no 4G in Cleveland. Once 4G came available we learned that the phones antenna was defective. But alas, Sprint will not fix because it was bought on Amazon, and Amazon return policy is 30 days..... quite frustrating.

For many many years I've been a Samsung customer and it seems with each iteration I keep falling for the same gimmicky features, but you have to ask yourself if you really need them, sure they seem nice but they bog down the system, it causes lag and frequent crashes over an extended use. After being frustrated with the S3 I saw a commercial about the new HTC One M8 and figured I'd give it a go.The Pros:Man I can't tell you just the instant gratification upon feeling this device, it really does have a solid build quality to it, rather than holding an object that feels more like a toy (Glares at the S3). The system/OS is smooth as butter, if I could I would slap that on some toast and eat it I would, it's that damn good. The display is nice and bright, colors are more natural and feels more on point rather than the over saturated Samsung AMOLED displays. The sounds are bombastic, night and day compared to S3 due to Boomsound front facing speakers. The on screen capacitive buttons aren't a big deal for me, I actually like them.Cons-My only gripe is the camera quality, its not terrible, it's not great it's somewhere right in the middle and if you take a lot of night/low light shots it excels here-Not a major gripe here but it's noticeable, phone is a bit slippery and a bit heavier but the trade offs is totally okay in my book but for some users it may be an issue.I can't see myself going back to Samsung products after giving this a go, if you are on the fence you needn't fear, take the plunge cause I certainly don't regret it.

Great phone would of given 5 stars if HTC hadn't used their lame ultra pixel gimmick of a camera AGAIN, they actually put a higher Megapixel camera on the front of the phone&#34;WHY&#34; The placement of the 2nd focusing lens is so close to the top of the phone that if you use 2 hands to steady the shot I get a warning that my fingers are in front of the 2nd lens and missed a few pictures till i learned how to hold it.The pictures are fine for Facebook and social media but not for anything else, and out door sunny pics can be hit or miss.ALL other parts of the phone are great its fast, smooth, no lag, and plenty of memory, if in a LTE area the speeds are great I'm averaging 17 down and 6 up. and that's not in a spark area. Max Speed are 24.47 down and 9.35Battery holds up well getting a easy full day and have even gotten 40 + hours on a lower use weekend.

I love this phone. I didn't know it was waterproof I dropped it in the tub full of water and nothing happened to it. It's very fast and definitely one of the best phone out right now. If u buy it u wouldn't be disappointed.

This is my second HTC phone. I had a Samsung phone for the past few years and they had a really horrible battery life. The last few weeks I had to keep them plugged in always for the phone to work. The HTC M8 has a sleek and a solid feel to it and its battery last the whole day even after I use it for watching a few hrs of hulu etc. The features are also very good compared to other phones especially the S5 which is really hyped.

Let's get something straight:  this phone is phenomenal.  It's thin, light, amazing screen, great speakers, decent pictures.  It's basically everything I expected and more.You know what's not great?  Sprint!  Sprint should not be selling any Spark enabled phones as they are all completely unusable.  If you don't believe me, just do a google search of &#34;Sprint Spark Connection Issues&#34; to see the pages and pages of unhappy customers.  As I type this a co-workers Sprint iphone5 has strong LTE connection.  My phone?  Can't load a web page and not even 3G data.  This is not the phones fault.  This is Sprint rolling out a phone before their network is able to handle it.  So us early adopters are basically paying for the privilege of owning a really expensive WiFi device.BUYER BEWARE!  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE UNTIL SPRINT FIXES THEIR NETWORK!You have been warned.

I liked it when I saw it but when I received it I relalized it is also a great device.

So far I enjoy this phone I think it takes a bit of getting used to especially from switching from an iPhone to HTC android but overall it has been pretty decent some of the key functions are a little strange and they are a bit touchy and small keys so sometimes ill have a hard time typing or doing whatever correctly because of this but thank god for auto correct. Feeling like the S5 might be a better choice so I've ordered that to test out as well

Great phone at a great price.

It's a beautiful piece of tech.  The metal frame looks and feels amazing to hold.  The battery life is fantastic.  It easily lasts all day.  The processor is lightning quick.  The camera takes amazing shots.  The UI is easy to use.  I love the phone.

Best phone ever made n everyone should go get one n no iPhone or s5 is not like this one

The phone has a great feel, nice screen, good speakers, and I like that HTC finally makes the memory expandable with a micro-sd slot.It's good, when it works.  Sometimes it doesn't ring.  Apps that require a connection work as long as they can maintain a connection, which is rare.  If I walk into a store, and my bf is standing beside me with his HTC One M7, he has 4 bars and can send/receive texts.  I, however, receive repeated &#34;cannot connect to network&#34; messages.  I walk out to the car, where the phone worked moments ago.  I reconnect to (sprint) network, no dice.... trying.... disconnected.  I reconfigure network settings via the sprint app on the phone that sets it up for the sprint network.  Sometimes this fails, sometimes it succeeds, never results in a network connection.  So, as long as I can maintain a connection to sprint's 3g, 4g (LTE), I'm fine.  If I lose it, it takes a hard boot to recover, and that only works until the next time I lose the connection, which is anywhere from 15 min to 6 hours.Amazon is sending me another.  Let's hope it was defective.  Otherwise, HTC and sprint have a serious bug on their hands.

HTC One M8 is a great phone in aluminum body. I have been using this phone for past one day with a friend helping him migrate from a different OS. I have personally used Samsung Galaxy and other Android phones. I resisted HTC one previously due to lack of expandable memory, but glad they have fixed it. The design is beautiful and I root for all Android phones to succeed so that in the end we users win and get superior products. The phone/data connections was excellent! I will put down the key specs of popular phones as of now 2014. I may have missed some, but these are ones I have used. Note S5 is not yet out, but I am pointing the specs as the war will happen between S5 and One M8 in 2014.TOP Phones as of 2014 beginning:In my opinion, following are key specs to consider. Most of others are standard or does not matter at all. First size,weight and resolution are part of look and feel. RAM/CPU part of performance. external Storage is part of expandability. Camera is obvious! SAR  (Specific Absorption Rating) is an often ignored, but I feel essential to making a buying choice. Manufacturers don&#8217;t advertize or mention SAR prominently.phone: size, weight, resolution, ppi, RAM, ext Storage, camera, CPU, USA SAR ratingHTC One M8: 5.76 x 2.78 x 0.37 in, 160 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, 4 MP (rear), 5 MP(front for selfies), Qualcomm Snapdragon 801, Quad core, 2300 MHz, Krait 400, 0.94 W/kg (head), 0.83 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy S5: 5.59 x 2.85 x 0.32 in, 145 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.1 in, 432 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, Qualcomm Snapdragon 801,  MSM8974-AC  Processor:  Quad core, 2500 MHz, Krait 400, 0.63 W/kg (head), 0.82 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy S4 (Intl version):  5.38 x 2.75 x 0.31 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.0 in, 441 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD, up to 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5410 CPU, Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, 0.85 W/kg (head), 1.55 W/kg (body)LG G2: 5.45 x 2.79 x 0.35 in, 143 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.2 in, 424 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 13 MP/2.1 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.26 GHz Krait 400, 0.50 W/kg (head), 0.69 W/kg (body)HTC One: 5.41 x 2.69 x 0.37 in, 143 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 4.7 in, 469 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 4 MP/2.1MP, Qualcomm APQ8064T Snapdragon 600, Quad-core 1.7 GHz Krait 300, 0.66 W/kg (head), 0.40 W/kg (body)Google Nexus 5: 5.43 x 2.72 x 0.34 in, 130 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 4.95 in, 445 ppi, 2 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 8 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800, Quad-core 2.3 GHz Krait 400, 0.92 W/kg (head), 1.23 W/kg (body)Apple iPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 in, 112gm, 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 8 MP/1.2 MP, Apple A7, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cyclone (ARM v8-based), 1.12 W/kg (head), 1.18 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy Note 3 N9000: 5.95 x 3.12 x 0.33 in, 168 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.7 in, 386 ppi, 3 GB RAM, micro SD upto 64 GB, 13 MP/2MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5420, Quad-core 1.9 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 0.24 W/kg (head), 0.72 W/kg (body)Nokia Lumia 1520: 6.41 x 3.36 x 0.34 in, 209gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 6.0 in, 367 ppi, 2 GB RAM, microSD up to 64 GB, 20 MP/1.2MP,  Qualcomm MSM8974 Snapdragon 800 CPU  Quad-core 2.2 GHz Krait 400, SAR: 0.59 W/kg (head), 0.24 W/kg (body)Motorola Moto G: 5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 in, 143 gm, 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 in, 326 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 5 MP/1.3 MP, Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 1.17 W/kg (head), 1.06 W/kg (body)HTC One M8 Impressions---------------------------------This runs Android (4.4) HTC Sense 6 UI. Aluminum body frame is great. It is indeed strange that front camera has more pixels than back camera. This may be a sign that selfies are becoming popular. There are two cameras in the back one is taking the depth information and you can do post processing changing focus in  camera. Features are : Back-illuminated sensor (BSI), Autofocus, Manual focus, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Smile detection, Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Burst mode, Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Macro mode. Battery life was excellent. The video playback was crisp and my friend was amazed at the customization options.GPS was spot on and I tried multiple GPS apps. It was bright outdoors (had to crank the brightness all the way up). I tried multiple apps to demonstrate to my friend. In the end, my friend was impressed with what all Android and in particular S4 had to offer. Smooth and Stunning display!I installed  following apps and they just worked awesome.Amazon MobileAndroid StatusAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBoxGoogle Navigation/Earth/MapsGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Google DriveEbayLinkedinGoogle MusicTapatalk (awesome forum browsing app)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)TweetCaster Pro for Android (excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, I am planning to get one for my wife once current contract expires in couple of months!

I was an iPhone guy until the release of iPhone 5.  That's when I switched from my iPhone 3G to a Samsung S3.  At first I liked my S3, but in time I found it was failing in several key areas... although the specs were good on it's camera - the camera produced lifeless images.  The UI of the Samsung had a lot of issues for me and it was loaded with tons of carrier/samsung apps that were killing my performance.I just recently upgraded again to a HTC One M8.  I reviewed it against the S5.  There's a lot of Samsung people who seem to have a need to knock this phone - especially for the camera.  I have to say, I don't see the limitation. I realize it's only a 4Megapixel camera, but it's quality is pretty amazing. It's immediate usefulness is also nice.  Just click, shot taken.  Instant refocus using ufocus ... the Zoe video maker is pretty slick too.uFocus:It's basically a social camera.  It's not going to give you images you are going to turn into canvas wall art at 11x17&#34; or larger.  It can't do that with a  4 MP camera.  Nor will it produce Super HDR Video.  But what it will do is give you fun social tools - like the camera... it's ufocus is much better then the other alternatives I've tried.  Samsung has a selective focus, which you do post photo. I found it failed to be accurate 80% of the time I used it. Most images I see with it, have large parts of the background in focus, along with the foreground.  That isn't to suggest that uFocus is 100%... it fails too at times, but at a much lower scale - i find somewhere around 10% of my shots have issues with uFocus.  There's ways to work around the limitation, but you may still get some non defocused material showing up. However Samsung's selective focus is pretty bad, leaving large sections of background mixed with foreground - and a lot more often.  Google Camera has a defocus ability... but it requires a lot of work.  You have to take multiple shots. You start out with the first shot, then move your camera upwards while it takes more shots.  It gets a good result, ONLY if you do it right.  I found in the lighting in my living room it wouldn't even work.  This of course won't work for fast moving targets (like kids!)  If you have kids running around and you are trying to use Google Camera to get the defocus, it's most likely it won't work, the'y'll have moved out of the frame by the second or third shot it takes.  What I've read/seen in the new Xperia Z2 coming out, is that their defocus requires an actual mode you go into.  Then you take two shots.  It then lets you blend the images, and it merges the focus/defocused images per your liking.  In the HTC One uFocus: it's simple... you have to be in Auto mode and you take a picture.  That's it.  You click and it refocuses.  There are limitations... 1) you can't refocus if the image was taken in a special mode  2) you can't refocus if the image was altered and saved out (you loose the depth info if you adjust the image and save it)  3) if the light is too low it may not work.  4) if you use a flash it won't work.  I found it worked in my living room, using nominal lighting (at night).  But if you are in a dark resturaunt, the image you take may not be refocus able.  it just depends on those above factors.For all daytime shots, I never had a problem.  For all shots in doors I didn't have a problem (where Google Camera did have a problem.)Zoe:Zoe is pretty slick.  You go into your images, and it will select random ones and apply a music soundtrack and video effect to them.  You can also pick the images/video you want, and then the theme and music (even your own music) and it will apply a cool flowing video from your content. It's really impressive.Could a person do better with post processing software like iMovie?  Maybe... but then you'd also have to download the video/pictures, get some music together, put it together yourself and adjust all the effects, movements, zooms, etc.  Zoe is there to give you a quick and fun video of your content... not be an aftereffects replacement.UI:I love the UI.  I never liked the Samsung S3 UI.  The UI on Samsung S3 was confusing for many people who used my phone... they found it too confusing to do basic things like send a text message... why?  Because the carrier + samsung + android all have their own software to do each thing... so you had like 3 ways to do almost everything.  You are constantly asked &#34;do you want this to be your default software choice in the future?&#34; and no matter what you say you'll get prompted again for the same action tomorrow!Not so with the HTC One M8.  I have the T-Mobile version, and it has little carrier apps... and the apps and UI work together... It doesn't feel like 3 different parties are living on your phone and not working congruently together (like my old Samsung.)  It is so slick, that my wife who is an avid iPhone user... was thinking this looked more fun to use then her 5S.What about all the hype on the camera not being as good as a iPhone/S5 etc?Ignore what people are saying... reviews that deal with 100% crop sharpness are pointless. You want to see what the best this camera can do, not the worst.  My advice... go to flickr.com and do a search for &#34;htc one m8&#34; and see the images and video that come up.  Do that for any phone/camera you are considering.  Many times you'll see pictures straight out of the camera with no post processing.  Look at uFocus and decide if the results you see look pleasing.  Check out Zoe on youtube of Viemo and see if they have results that are pleasing.Slo-motion video:it also does slow motion video... I found it does a great job at this, but you are limited to 720p at slow motion. Other cameras probably shoot slow motion at higher resolution.  So if that's important, it may be a drawback.Dual Camera shots/video:Something I don't see reviewed/mentioned often is the dual camera capture... there is a mode where it will shoot video or take still images with both the front and back cameras... it's pretty cool. That way people can see the main footage, and your face cam at the same time.selfie camera is 5mp:I don't do much selfies, but again, to the social aspect of the camera... the selfies are 5MP (one of the highest around.)  It's also a wide angle lens... so it captures more then the back lens.Camera Settings:I don't know if the S5 does this, but the camera can be saved out as different cameras - each version having it's own settings... like you could have a low light camera setting saved, a camera with +2EF saved, etc.  Then you click the named camera with those settings and are instantly in that mode.Guesture controls:if you have the camera in landscape lift it up, and click the volume button, it goes straight into camera mode.  pretty fast access to the camera.Downsides:- main camera is only 4MP, but... the main limitation here is no zoom or cropping later.- HDR Video (I haven't tried, but from what I've seen) is flickery and awful.- slow motion is only 720pUpsides:- Awesome back camera (despite neg. reviews)- selfie camera is 5mp- Great social features (that's what this phone is all about.)- Slick UI (even my wife who is an avid iPhone user is drawn to this phone.. the first time an android every was pleasing for her to use)- metal construction feels great.- uFocus works pretty well compared to it's rivals (Samsung's selective focus, Google Camera and the Z2.)

I have had my HTC M8 for a month and it is a wonderful piece of technology.  My only complaint is with my Sprint service.  I'm in the metro Atlanta area and I can go about 1/2 mile from home and receive 4G LTE service, unfortunately at my home I sometimes have no service to 1 bar of 3G service.  I think they have a tower problem, they just tell me they will check into it.  But the phone is great, I wanted something bigger than my iPhone 4 and this fits all of my needs.

The device does not work consistently on Sprint's LTE network, and sometimes not even on 3G or voice networksIf you stay in a Spark coverage area or don't mind a phone that is only useful on WiFi, then the One M8 is outstanding! It is an extremely fast device that does everything great....as long as you don't need the network. For the couple weeks that it worked well, I LOVED IT. Until Sprint gets things straightened out with their Spark devices in non-Spark service areas, go somewhere else if you want a top of the line phone on a network that works.

This didn't even deserve one star. It lasted 2 weeks and apparently overheated. The Sprint guy had never seen one do it. It was $50 cheaper than what I could have gotten at Sprint, so I should have known better. I spent $75 replacing it and had to go back to my old phone that was 2 years old for 2 weeks. It was a nightmare to say the least.

I have nothing against the HTC One (M8), but I think I'm jumping ship when it's time to upgrade.  I've had different HTC phones all the way back to the original HTC Evo 4g for Sprint, back on their wimax 4g.  My problem with those HTC phones is that they don't hold any value, whatsoever.  I currently own an HTC Evo 4g LTE (the Sprint version of the One), and the current trade in price from various retailers is $20-30!!!  This phone came out in May of 2012!!A a Galaxy S3 (came out May 2012) goes for $75!!  A Samsung Galaxy S4 trades in for around $140!HTC and it's fans can call the Galaxy &#34;cheap plastic&#34; all they want, but I think those numbers speak for themselves.  To be fair, one of the newer HTC One's trades for like $120, but that came out in Feb of last year.Also, Amazon's pricematching for cell phones kind of sucks.  It's one of 2 categories they claim they are willing to pricematch, but it has to be from a select list of online retailers.  However, if you have to go into the store to get a low price at one of those retailers, they will not price match.  I can go up the street 1/2 a mile to a Radio Shack and pay $139.99 for a Sprint Samsung Galaxy S5, but on Amazon the price is $50 more.  That's just bad business for something you claim to do.  And it just might get me to step foot into a Radio Shack.

Simply an AMAZING phone. Battery life is great. Very user friendly and sound and picture are perfect.

I choose to purchase this phone after watching many YouTube videos of it and it's competitors.Reasons I choose this phone over others included a few things.Number one for me is build quality. This phone is absolutely stunning, it is a brick of metal, with smooth contours that hold the screen and speakers.Talking about the speakers, this is my number to reason that I wanted this phone. The speakers are outstanding, I have never heard sound like this from a  phone, and honestly they are worth so much more that the competitors heart rate monitor in my opinion.Number 3 is lag, and this phone has never once lagged in the 3 weeks or so that I've had it. It is a beast and does everything instantly.I could go on with praises, but I feel like those were some of the top ones. I don't know what else people want to know, but feel free to ask any questions.Also, go into the store and handle them for yourselves, maybe you prefer a more plastic phone that's a little lighter, if so this is not the phone for you.

It is fast and works well. Even my other half loves it and that is saying a lot since he doesn't like smart phones.

I suggest you read all the recent reports of Sprint connectivity issues. I'm supposed to have Sprint Spark TriBand LTE in my area, but this phone won't stay connected for more than a few minutes. I've had days where no one could reach me via voice call, nor could I call out, have had no data connectivity, and texts showed up days later if at all. Most folks on the internet (in Sprint's help forums) say this is because of issues with the new phone and Sprint's cell towers not being upgraded to handle it. Sprint's customer &#34;support&#34; online and on the phone have been completely unhelpful. I'm ready to return the phone. Zero stars for Sprint.

I love HTC phones and I have both last year's One(m7) and this year's(m8). I am NOT affiliated with HTC or compensated by them in any way. I just feel that competition and the underdog companies are crucial and essential for a healthy free market economy, and ultimately, us consumers. I have had the iPhones 4 through 5s, Samsung Galaxy S3/S4 and Note 2/3, and several Nokia(n95-97, n84/85 and several lesser phones) and Sony/Sony-Ericsson(Xperia) phones over the years, and I have loved most of them. For a healthy and positive technological evolution, we NEED the small or struggling companies like HTC to succeed. If Apple and Samsung become duopolies, that will be a dark future indeed. Pick up an HTC One(M7 or M8) and any Samsung Galaxy phones and compare the quality and craftsmanship, and tell me why it's Samsung and not HTC that have more successful phones. It's all about the MONEY and marketing, the bigger guy trying to squeeze out the smaller guy, and that's NOT how a healthy free market economy should be.Now that that is out of the way, let us get down to the nitty gritty. This is my direct comparisons to the iPhone 5s, Samsung Galaxy S4/S5 and Note 3, but mainly to the last HTC One(M7)(and yes, I am mainly updating keypoints from the m7 review):The Good:1) THE SCREEN: If there was such a better screen on a phone, I have not yet seen it. The iPhone 5s is lauded for its excellent screen, but at its current resolution, it trails behind the One's screen by far. Everything just POPS out at you. Even in direct sunlight, everything is CLEAR and BRIGHT. I really loved the 2013 HTC One's(M7) screen, but once again HTC has outdone itself and given us a true masterpiece in 5.0" 1080p(440ppi) form. The main difference between the M8 and the M7 is the color reproduction on the M8 is better and more true-to-life. This is THE BEST screen on the planet right now - WOW!!!2) THE DESIGN/HARDWARE: Once again, the new One continues the HTC tradition of making really high-quality phones with high-class material and craftsmanship. This version has more of a matted-brushed aluminum finish than the glossier M7. The One feels THICK and TOUGH. I don't have to worry about carrying this around case-less(except from drops, which is a whole other issue). I will not be worried about this phone nicking and scraping like the iPhone 5/5s. Personally, it may not have the flair of some of the Sony and Nokia phone of the past, but in totality the One has the best combination of design and craftsmanship. It oozes style and sophistication, unlike the plastic-y feel of the Samsung Galaxy S4/S5. The One is one real looker!3) THE DUAL FRONT-FACING SPEAKERS: We have all been desensitized to the modern smartphones nowadays with their crappy, tinny, mono speaker. I remember the days of the Nokia n95 and n84 with their stereo speakers - whatever happened to phones after that? Whoever agreed to a mono/solo speaker with all the smartphones thereafter?? FINALLY, someone has the senses to come back to reality - thank you, HTC!. Trust me, your ears will thank you and you will realize all phones should have been made like this. Especially when you use ringtones/alerts that were specifically created for this phone, the sound is loud, immersive, expansive, and POPs into your ears. It's simply a re-revolution. Compared to the M7, the M8 loses the Beats audio engineering, but it actually sounds louder than the M7, which although has really high-quality speakers as well, was known for being too soft in certain scenarios. The new moniker is just BoomSound.4) THE CAMERA: I don't use my phone camera to make prints from photos, I have my dedicated cameras for that. So to me, the paramount function of phone cameras is the convenience/accessibility - it has to be able to capture what I want quickly and clearly, with decent enough quality to post online. Therefore, the 4MP size in the One's camera does not bother me at all. Who cares if the camera isn't THE BEST phone camera ever? Because it is not, but it is a GREAT low-light shooter, and to me that's more important than pixel count. The sensors in the camera are bigger than other phone cameras, therefore, it can capture a lot more light, which in laymen's terms it can give you better photos in more situations than other phone cameras can. Also, the touch spot focus is almost instantaneous - this camera is quick, quick, quick! What's really cool about the new camera is the duo camera functionality - each photo you snap is recorded from both cameras, so afterwards, you can re-focus the image, ala Lytro camera style. This is really cool and quite revolutionary for a phone camera. So in the real world, this means no more out-of-focus photos! You can now always re-focus your photos after the fact, so you will not have to regret missing out on a great memory because your photo was out of focus - awesome!5) For a phone with a 5" screen, it's quite svelte, at least at the girth. It's easier to hold in the hand than the Samsung Galaxy S4/S5, and for sure a heckuva lot better than the Note 3. It fits in your hands nicely and securely, with just the right combination of size, weight, and balance. However, it is very TALL, even taller than the M7, so trying to reach the power button with one hand while your holding it in a normal position is almost impossible. HOWEVER...6) The One borrows the features of the LG G2 where you can double tap on the screen while it's off, to turn it on! While the screen is off, you can swipe left to turn it on to see Blinkfeed, which is HTC's version of Flipboard/news reader, and swipe right to turn it on to the home screen. The one thing HTC forgot though, is you can't double-tap the screen while it's on, to turn it off, which the LG G2 CAN do.7) The user interface(UI) and software design is now even more polished,minimal, and simplistic. Sense 6.0 is the on-going improvement from the previous versions. It's really quick and light, not bloated like Samsung's TouchWiz UI. It improves on the older, but still good, Sense 5.0 and 5.5. You can move from one screen to the next lightning quick, almost as good as the iPhone UI.8) And FINALLY, HTC has included a microSD slot so you can add your own memory card for more storage(the HTC DNA/Butterfly and M7 didn't have any). You can add up to 128gb more!The Bad and Ugly:1) The battery is only 2600mAh - I wish it was bigger because I'm one of those paranoid people who always needs my phone at fully charged, just in case, of you know, something. But so far it's been holding steady at about 40% at the end of the day(from 9am-6pm). I check emails, read the news, text, Facebook, etc. throughout the day - I would say that I'm a moderate to heavy user. At least it is a lot better than the M7's 2300mAh battery, which drains super quick, yet charges SUPER SLOW.2) Comparing features with the Samsung S4/S5, the One is not as good. It's not a deal breaker, but for those who like fancy functions, the One will not make you as happy. The HTC One is very simple in its feature set. The one feature I miss most from the new Samsung phones is Smart Stay, where the phone can sense that you're looking at the screen, and won't dim/turn off the screen - that was a HUGE convenience for when you're watching a movie or reading the news. The coolest feature so far for the One has been the tap/swipe to turn the screen on.3) Like I wrote earlier, the size is both good and bad, and it's also heavier than most similar phones. It's taller than the S4/S5, and with the power button up on top, it's almost impossible to do one-hand phone operations without shifting your hand up and down to accommodate both the screen gestures and buttons. The buttons(power and volume) don't protrude enough to make it easy to press them.All in all, I feel the combination of the One's screen, design/craftsmanship, and audio experience trumps over the Samsung S4/S5's fancy functions. The S5's screen is almost just as good - AMOLED screens are known for their deep blacks and saturation, while the One's is much better in direct light, and with a more true color reproduction. The S5 has a higher MP camera, therefore able to take better photos in broad daylight, while the One's camera is more versatile and better in low light conditions. The One has a much better audio experience, while the S5 gives you better convenience with its features - userability goes to the S5 for sure.But in the end, considering the totality of things, I feel the new HTC One provides me the best TOTAL experience, and is the king of the smartphones(at least for now!).

I bought this phone the day it came out through Sprint's website. There are lots of great reviews and comparisons of the M8 out there. I want to address two specific issues I've had in less than two weeks that indicate HTC's quality control is not doing a good job - both involve the screen.Dead screen in under ten days: My first phone's screen died less than ten days after the phone arrived. I turned on the phone when I woke up and there were lines streaking down the screen, like a bad electronic connection. Within ten minutes the screen was dark. I could receive calls because I knew where the answer icon was, but that was it.Screen polarized along wrong plane: I ran to the Sprint store and they luckily had two M8s in stock. I swapped out my first phone as defective and walked out with my new M8. As soon as I got in my car I realized there was a problem. As soon as I put on my polarized sunglasses I couldn't see the screen in upright/portrait mode! When I turned it sideways/landscape I could see the screen fine. This was not an issue on my first M8. I went back into the Sprint store and the only other M8 they had also had bad polarization.If you don't wear polarized glasses, the bad polarization won't be an issue for you, but between that and the dead screen on my first phone it points to quality control issues at HTC.I love my M8. The problem is it's pathetic that HTC can't get the polarization right. (95% of the time I use my phone in the upright position. I doubt I'm unusual in this respect.) Oh yeah, the screen dying was a slight issue as well. Yes, I could take my sunglasses off whenever I need to do something on my phone, or I could turn it sideways; but that is a ridiculous solution (one proposed by an HTC tech).If HTC and Sprint address the issue and replace my phone with one with proper polarization I will instantly upgrade my review to 5 stars and add more details.

MY LAST PHONE WAS AN EVO 4G LTE. I LOVE THIS PHONE. HAVE NOT FOUND ONE THING THAT I DON'T LIKE ABOUT. I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANY ONE.

Awesome phone! I love HTCs and this exceeded my expectations!

I have been using HTC One M8 since one year and it is a brilliant phone with great functionality.  Camera is brilliant and the picture clarity is exceptional and with an HD scree it gives a very good and clear view where you can make out even the smallest of details. I would regard this as the best phone in this price range. The interface is smooth and very user friendly with a very attractive look. The best thing about the handling is it is very comfortable in hand if you are using it without a hands-free. The battery backup is also very good and would keep you tension free as it lasts really long.Most of the other phones you come across may have issues with the software as you may experience lag and time to time slow interface but with this set you will never experience such disruptions. With good amount of RAM and memory size you can be rest assured that no such problem will arise. HTC once again is spot on in it's product, may it be the picture or the sound quality it exceeds my expectation. The dual front facing speakers are really very good and awesome clarity to beats and you can also change the presets to the way you want.The physical appearance is slick and tough with less worries if you accidentally drop the phone.I can say that the phone is worth each and every penny and it's a must buy if you are looking for a phone in this price range.

Okay I've head this phone for maybe 4 days with Sprint and the first day it disconnected from the network and could not reconnect for anything only way to fix that is to restart the phone which may not seem like a big deal but today only I've had to restart it maybe 7 times 3 of which being in the same hour the phone is amazing but sprints network is too unreliable as of right now if you do not believe me Google HTC one m8 connectivity issues it appears that I'm not the only one with the problems IT IS NOT THE PHONES FAULT BECAUSE IT IS GOOD,AMAZING IN FACT but the network I chose was obviously a mistakeUPDATE as of 4-25 : well the phone runs on Sprint spark which is fairly new and Sprint hasn't fully finished bringing it to all the cities of the US and well it's only in about 7 (guessing maybe a few more) cities if you're in those seven you're lucky if not well you'll be fairly upset but if they do bring the spark network in it'll be the fastest network out there but they need to speed things up

After using and playing with this device for about 2 weeks i can say that it was a pretty solid choice. Plenty of fun features to take advantage of. Beautiful external design. The camera comes packed with gimmicky extras. Some you may use and some you may never use. But they are there to stay, I guess. The speakers sound great. Literally, blew me away. I like that they are front facing speakers. That&#8217;s a big plus! There are tons of great things about this device. No need to go into them. There are plenty of full reviews that point them out.Cons---Biggest problem on sprint: network issue- CDMA/LTE network setting. Drops calls unless network is set to CDMA only. This is a major set back since at the moment, it forces you to manually switch from LTE to CDMA if you are not on WIFI before making a call (when taking advantage of LTE/Spark).-I made a mistake of not ordering a case sooner: Don&#8217;t get me wrong, the casing of the phone is metal. This does not at all mean stainless steal. Yes it is strong. But do your self a favor and get a case ASAP because this sucker is slippery. Not kidding. I dropped it on concrete and my M8 has a nice little dent and scar to prove it. Get that case!-Gorilla glass...really?: Now correct me if I&#8217;m wrong, but isn&#8217;t this supposed to be tough glass? Mine has scratched a bit. My old EVO 4G LTE was tougher to scratch. Maybe it was the concrete, maybe it was something else. But, I am not impressed. So I guess that means get a screen protector too.-And as expected: I have experienced odd and random system lagging and screen freezing. I say expected because this is a very new device.Coming from a Evo 4G LTE, I am very happy with the M8. The M8 is equipped with a fresher and more modern lay out. The battery life is solid (cant wait for the extreme battery saving mode update!). The speakers are awesome. It charges very quickly. The HD screen looks great. With later updates, I only see this device getting better.Over all, I have high hopes that the updates will fix some, if not all, of the problems I have come across. I am happy with my purchase.

Nice solid phone. Minor kinks and harder to find accessories.

I have had this phone for two months now and have thoroughly enjoyed it from the start. The build quality is second to none. 90% aluminum unibody and sleek Gorilla Glass front make this a beauty to behold.The Boomsound front facing speakers make this a multimedia consumption powerhouse. It sounds great with music, but even better with YouTube and Netflix playback. The speakers are far enough that stereo sound is achieved.The Duo Camera with UltraPixel technology is great. It is incredibly fast to focus and brings some very nice features like UFocus, 3-D, Seasons, etc. My photos have gotten rave reviews by family and friends. They're amazed that a smartphone was able to produce those results. An out of state cousin assumed I bought a DSLR because of a photo I shared.The HTC Advantage is another great feature, 6 months free screen replacement and 2 years of guaranteed updates.Lastly the Motion Launch gesture controls make this a very intuitive device. They work well and work fast. It allows me to quickly glance at the device, get the information I need and get out.

This phone is really out of this world. The look and feel is second to none! The phone operates quick and smooth while on WiFi, on Sprint's network not so much! The phone has trouble keeping a data signal and is constantly roaming. Great phone HTC, terrible Sprint network.

Great solid phone htc fan

Perfect size for me, and performs like a champ, another blockbuster product from HTC. I hope the trend continues in the future!

I had the HTC One M7.  I haven't had the M8 for too long but I probably didn't need the upgrade.  There isn't a whole lot of difference between the two in my opinion.

Love love love this phone. By far the best HTC device to date. Excellent battery life except in poor signal areas where Sprint is upgrading towers, but it still lasts more than an entire work day. Excellent camera and screen. I would definitely recommend a case for those prone to dropping phones. Phone is extremely durable though. No scratches or dents yet and I've dropped mine several times before putting it in a case. Awesome sound quality and volume levels. No need to have it plugged into car stereo because of the BoomSound.

I'm not going to write a long review. Previous reviewers sums it pretty well.If there's one thing I can emphasize on though it's you just have to hold it in your hands to understand it's beauty. It's unarguably the most premium feel phone ever manufactured.Oh one more thing.It's fast! And I mean like more than Android vanilla fast. It's faster than that.. Blazing, really.HTC, check mate.

You are probably interested in buying a new phone but having a hard time choosing the right phone because of all the choices that are out there. After researching the best phones that are available or soon to be available (HTC One M8 and the Samsung S5) for weeks, I pulled the trigger on the M8 and picked one up when it was released to Verizon. The LG G3 is too far away to be considered. I can't tell you how awesome this phone is without writing 10 pages but I will try to keep it short and straight to the point. I hope this review helps you decide if this is the phone for you and why this is the best overall phone available right now. Honestly do not get the S5, because you will regret it. If you want a plastic phone that is powerful and probably the best in the Spec department, just wait for the LG G3. It is coming near the summer of this year and it will have amazing performance and the best display. It will probably outperform all phones including M8, but I will be happy with my HTC M8 because there isn't or will be any better looking phone that also has competitive specs this year.Why and who should get this phone?People who want a phone that:-Is well crafted and probably the most beautiful phone ever made (yes better design and materials than iPhone)-is one of the fastest phone currently available-Can live without having the best camera-Simply works without buggy software crashing and want a smooth android experience-Is one of the best phones available this year-Is a solid phone that is 90% metal and feels elegant to hold in your hand-Has very good battery life (not the best) but most people will be satisfied-Makes other people wish they had a sexy phone like it, even iPhone users-Has many "cool" features like motion launch, dual camera, step counter, IR blaster to be used as a remote for TVs and more, double tap to wake up, few other tricks that make it fun and easy to useWho should buy something else?People who want a phone that:-Is an iPhone (Apple lovers)-Is a Windows Phone (Microsoft lovers)-Is slightly faster but mostly plastic-Has an amazing camera and loves taking highest quality pictures with a phone-Has the best battery life and does not have a car charger-Is ugly with amazing performance and unnecessary specs.Skip this paragraph if you don't care to know what type of person is giving you this information:It is very difficult to choose a phone today because of all the choices that are available. But I finally found the ONE without compromising much. I want to give a little background about myself before you think I am just an average smart phone user. Like many of you I always want the hottest gadgets and especially the best phone. I honestly love iPhone's design but I hate their software and that is why I have always used Android phones. A few of my previous phones include: HTC EVO 3D, Galaxy S3, Droid DNA, Galaxy S4. I also had the Nokia Lumia for a very short period of time and I was not impressed by the phone or the Windows software. The only reason I did not get the original One (M7) is because of the lack of microSD slot.HERE I WILL LIST THE POSITIVES AND NEGATIVES OF THE PHONE WITH RATING COMPARED TO OTHER PHONES THAT ARE AVAILABLE OR WILL BE SOON:Overall Rating 9.6/10Positives:Design 10/10 : Arguably the most well designed phone available right nowPerformance 10/10 : One of the, if not the fastest phone currentlyDisplay 9/10 : Easily the top 3 displayExtra Features 9/10 : Missing few extras (fingerprint, heart rate monitor) but it has other features that makes up for it.Storage 10/10: Finally a microSD slot that supports up to 128GB and it has a 32GB model.Software 9.5/10: HTC Sense UI is the closest OEM software that is as awsome as the stock Android UI, I personally like the HTC sense more, it is smooth and not buggy like the Samsung TouchWiz. It has useful apps such as: BlinkFeed, Sense TV, and FitBit can be downloaded serperately and the sensors provide very acurate step counts.Negatives:Battery 8.5/10 : The battery life is above average but could have been a little better. Overall it's better than 92% of other phones. Not bad at all. A new update called "Extreme Power Saving" is soon to be released and it will help save a lot of battery when you turn it on, almost 70% increase. It basically turns off useless services and will probably increase the rating to 9/10.Camera 8/10 : Kind of disappointed because so many other phones have better cameras (iPhone 5s, Galaxy S4, LG G2, etc). There was no upgrade to the camera from the previous model. But I give it a 8 because the camera is decent and it has other interesting features that make up for the slightly low resulution. The camera is not bad by any means, its just not excellent. It is the first phone with dual camera and it can do some breathtaking and useful trick to the pictures using the depth information captured by the second camera. Overall I am happy with the camera.As you can see the phone is just too good to have extreme negatives, the negatives are just slightly below what is expected of a smartphone in my opinionBelow are more specific details of the phone, read if you pleaseDesign 10/10: "This is the best looking phone in the world right now" and that's a fairly accurate statement. Some might disagree but not many. The pictures does not do enough justice, it is truly gorgeous to look at and to hold. It feels like holding a metal artwork. It feels very solid and premium in my hands. I am only 5'3 and I have fairly small hands and I honestly think it is the perfect size, maybe 5% longer than I hoped for. Overall it's hard to find a well-crafted and more beautiful phone than the HTC M8, yes it is more elegant than the iPhone. Don't worry it is not all about design, it packs some serious power.Performance 10/10 : Let's just say it is the fastest phone available right now according to the benchmark tests I have done. The phone is amazingly smooth, everything just opens up instantly. I have not experienced one bit of lag or any errors. The Sense UI is closest as you can get to the stock Android UI experience with any OEM UI. The Samsung Touchwiz and LG UI is a mess compared to the Sense. The Qualcomm 801 processor is a fast and efficient processor. I can almost guarantee you that performance will not disappoint you.Display 9/10: The phone gorgeous inside out. The picture quality is extremely sharp and vibrant. It is easily top 3 in the graphic department. It is very bright and crystal clear. But there are a few phones currently out that outperform the display. My brother's LG G2 has a slightly better display. I hoped for it to be number one in this department but overall its nothing to complain about.Battery 8.5/10: With all the advances in technology I am not sure why there has been such little innovation in the battery field. It is not just cell phone batteries but all batteries in general. Some manufacture like Motorola has done decent job with providing large batteries in recent years. HTC has always disappointed me in this department and this phone is no exception. But I have to admit it is above average and I am fairly satisfied so far. I am able to go through an entire day without a problem. My day starts at 6 and ends at 7. My normal usage include: Frequent texting, 1-2 hours of talking, 3-4 hours of surfing and email, 30-45 minutes of games and the rest standby. I am able to get through the entire day but honestly most of us have chargers at work and in our cars. So overall I am not too obsessed over battery but the M8 does provide fairly decent battery life. Most of the tests reported a full day of normal to somewhat heavy use and I can confirm that. It was supposed to come with a setting called "Extreme Power Saver" but apparently it will be provided soon with an update. It supposed to limit the phone to only email, phone, text and few other basic things to save a lot of battery. Supposably up to 70% more battery. I can't comment on it until I receive the update.Extras 9/10: What's a flagship phone without some tricks? The M8 has some cool tricks up its sleeve.Camera Affects: I will complain about the camera quality later but let me state the positives in this section. Basically the camera has some tricks that help me deal with the moderate quality of the images. My brother has a$1200 DSLR camera that he uses to take cool pictures and I can do the same now with my $600 new phone. My favorite feature is the U-Focus which blurs the background and focuses on the object, like your face. Obviously the DSLR camera does an exceptional job but most people can't tell the difference with the first glance. The second camera on the device captures depth information and you can add cool affects to the pictures after you take it using that information. There few other ones like Sketch and Cartoon and Zoom effect but I find the U-Focus to be the most interesting one. But most people will use all of them because they work very well and are very easy to customize a picture.Motion/Sensors Stuff: My favorite trick is double tapping the screen to wake it up and turn it off. It's amazing how this simple feature can be so useful. I hated pressing the power button to turn on the display and now all I have to do is tap the screen. I can also swipe from the bottom to top in order to unlock the device and go to the last app I had open. You don't have to go to the lock screen, you can directly go to the home screen if you don't have a passcode setup. Swiping from right to left take you to the awesome BlinkFeed screen. Swiping from top to bottom brings up google now (voice command). Swipping from right to left take you to the home screen. The final motion trick is answering the phone by simply lifting the phone to your ear. Thre is also a feature where you hold the phone in landscape orientation and press the volume up to activate the camera app.FitBit App: The phone has a built in barometer and bunch of other sensors that can track your steps very accurately. Most phones have some of the sensors but only the iPhone and Nexus 5 has all the sensors like the M8. As a result the M8 and the few other phones can track your steps very accurately without buying a pedometer like the FitBit Flex or Force. The FitBit app was supposed to come preinstalled but you can easily download it from the play store for free. I am currently using it to track my steps and its about 96% accurate.Remote for TV and more: The M8 has an IR Blaster built in, you can control all your electronics with your phone. HTC has this app called "Sense TV", it's very interesting and useful. You basically select your cable provider and select the channels you have and the app gives you show times and what's currently playing based on your favorite stations and shows. Basically it's a smart guide on your phone and you simply click on the show and your cable box will bring up the show. The setup is easy, you simply select your cable box model, TV model, home theater model and you can control all of them using your phone. But I highly recommend getting this app called "IR Smart Remote", it's about $6 and it is the best remote app for your phone. You can basically throw away all your remotes and use your phone to control everything; it does a very similar job as the Harmony remotes. Do some research on it, you may like this app.Camera 8/10: Compared to all the other phones available, I am very disappointed at with the picture and video quality of the main camera. It is the same exact camera as the previous model except it has an extra camera. The picture quality is not bad but it is not excellent like many other phones. The main problem is the lack of resolution and bright light pictures. If there is too much light, for example capturing the sky in a sunny day might be hard; the picture doesn't capture blue sky properly. Overall it's a decent camera but I was expecting more. It is an average and maybe slightly below average camera.Final Verdict: If you want a beautiful, fast, elegant and a phone that simply works, then just get this phone as soon as you can. I know many people are comparing the Galaxy S5 and honestly the S5 has several advantages but the HTC One M8 is the clear winner to me. If you don't mind the plastic and somewhat of a bland look, then get the S5. If you want the most elegant phone that is available, then get the M8.

Best phone I've ever had. Well  made. Fast. Bright screen. Great features, and for all the negative talk about it's 4MP camera. It actually takes nice photos. Ask yourself. How many times have you  printed a photo you have taken with your camera? Zero?  Camera phones pictures stay on your phone or go on social media.

I have used a Moto X, Droid Razr, S4, Note 3, etc..... am on sprint now and this phone is the quickest, snappiest, and best built solid phone i have ever had. Screen is amazing, battery is also. way better than any new plastic Galaxy.

Let me just do this with the scale given here:Camera:4 Ultrapixels is admittedly a bit of a compromise. Sometimes you get more noise than you'd like, but it is still a very very solid camera. Plus there are so many software tweaks that are so cool and totally make up for it.Sound:BoomSound, what else needs to be said? If you haven't heard it on the previous One, you really should hear it. The front facing speakers are completely unmatched.Screen:SLCD3, arguably the best in the business. Everything shines off of it, plus the new gorilla glass is impossible to scratch.Ease of use:Sense has never been better. Customization is smooth and silky. All the gestures it provides is really awesome.Battery life:1.5 days heavy use, enough said.Look and feel:Amazing.

Excellent phone

industrial construction, all aluminum gorgeous screen and good amount of weight to it to not make it feel flimsy like samsung. My previous phone was s3 and i loved it but this phone is the big leagues it just feels so pro compared to the 'amateur' competition.Cons: of course the camera, but its not really a con. its 4 MP, you WILL STILL BE ABLE TO INSTAGRAM THE CRAP OUT OF STUFF AND FACEBOOK. I never understood this about people that require super duper high megapixel count on their camera if the social sites they post these on will auto adjust the image to fit within the websites parameters, guys you dont need 20 megapixels on your profile pic. This camera does the job superbly.Pros: screen size, colors, solid feel, the boomsound speakers!!! never knew how important this would be until i got this phone my old galaxy had speakers on the back and ya it worked but who thought of that ? it makes no sense these face forward and they are a steroeo pair so the sound coming out during movies or youtube or music is awesome.

Great phone. Poblem with Sprint network provider.  Currently, it does not fully support this phone. Can't use internet or any app requiring internet via Mobile connection and talk simulataneously. I was excited to get this phone. Then disappointed with the network interface with device.  And pissed that no one warned me about the potential problems.

Fast, fast, fast! Minimal bloat keeps this phone going like a champ. Battery is great, especially when I'm working, I just throw it into extreme power saving mode and will last me at least 24 hours. Cell connect, WiFi connection and Bluetooth, are the best of any phone. Speakers are a no brainer. The phone is a little tall, which makes the power button a little unreachable at times, but you don't need to reach it with this phone, which is the case with most phone, double tap the screen or slide up and bam you're in. Very professional looking phone. Highly recommended.

The best phone out hands down.  Great battery, cool styling, and its not buggy.I think even die hard iphone users would enjoy the experience

Great phone and great battery life.this phone has met and surpassed my expectations&#8230; I love it..

When my phone arrived the higher button on the right side was rattling.  To me this was a clear sign that it had been damaged during shipment so I sent it back.  That was almost 4 weeks ago and after 8 calls averaging 40 mins and being lied to 4 times by different Sprint Customer Care folks and threatening to just go to Verizon, I just got my upgrade eligibility back tonight.

Love the new camera features.  it can take due pictures and use it to add / edit more effects in picture.  I am having a lot of fun with it.  ZOE cam is very useful as well.  usually I don't have time to look through what pictures I been taking.  ZOE cam can just process all pictures of an event and make it into a mini slide show combined with music and theme you choose.  with all the available connectives I can for use my Pioneer home theater to output my ZOE slide show.not to mention the build quality... top notch!!!

I'll be upfront that I am a HTC fan all around.  Ever since their EVO I've been sold. Upgraded from that to the EVO 4G LTE, HTC ONE (M7) and now the M8.this is their best phone yet.  I didnt think it could get any better than the M7 but they've out done themselves again.  I love the features to unlock the phone, expandable memory.. this phone is fast and sleek.  I wasnt sure about it being bigger than the M7 but after a weeks use I couldnt even remember the difference there.I've had this phone for a few months now and couldn't be happier.  The front facing speakers are amazing and the screen resolution is beautiful.  I think I like the camera better on the M7 but the camera on this still takes amazing shots.  There are a lot new features on this camera that I have yet to use so I'm not much help there.I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for something fast and functional.  Did I mention how awesome the battery life is?  I always tease my buddies with Iphones as it seems like they are constantly having to charge their phones while I can go a full day on one charge.

Well, waited for this phone specifically. Skipped the m7. Upgraded from a HTC 4g lte. First thing I noticed straight out the box is how heavy this phone is. It IS a beautiful phone, but heavy compared to the lte. Does not have the carousel for screens which I loved about the Evo 3d and the lte. I like to have a lot of screens so very annoying not to be able to go all the way around them. I can not stress this enough, BlinkFeed sucks! Screen is gorgeous. Like others have said, this phone is slick, as in in your hand.Overall this phone is just ok. Speaker sound is great, and ear buds sound great. But forget that great sound if you use Bluetooth headphones like I do. It does not come through and it says so in the package, just not online when you are checking it out. The sound is better from my lte through Bluetooth..Speeds are better, but overall I am just not as impressed as I feel I should have been.

This is a great phone! It is fast, responsive, durable and it has great battery life. It doesn't have as much bloat-ware pre-installed as I thought it would. The BoomSound front facing speakers are also very impressive. HTC Sense 6 is very intuitive and easy to use. Overall, its by far the best phone I've ever owned.

I love this phone. Lots of features and it's got an IR function too. Amaze balls. This is what I love about HTC.

I would like to thank HTC for giving me an opportunity to be a part of their testing program. There really aren&#8217;t too many negative things that I can say about the htc one m8.  First lets talk about the build which is easily the best in its class.  The One m8 all metal chassis really is a work of art and its an incredible improvement compared to the one m7 which in itself was beautifully designed.  When you look at an One m8 it really looks and feels like a device you spent $700 dollars on.Second is the UI or user interface.  Typically any android device that has some sort of UI overlay tends to suffer to some degree in the performance department but that doesn&#8217;t seem to be the case with the One m8 running sense 6.  It is easily the smoothest running device I have ever used.  You click on an app, any app, and it opens immediately.  Also switching from app to app is just as snappy with absolutely no lag whatsoever regardless of how many apps you throw at it.  Sense also doesn&#8217;t throw all sorts of useless features at you, you have a simple overlay that should meet the needs of any smarthphone user without getting too crazy on useless gimmicky features you would otherwise not use on a regular basis if at all.Third, lets talk about those front facing speakers, I don&#8217;t know why on earth more OEM&#8217;s haven&#8217;t gotten on board with front stereo speakers.  Regardless of whatever comes on the phone, the boomsound speakers on the One m8 by itself is enough of a reason to get this phone.  It isn&#8217;t just about the loudness of the speakers but the actual quality of the audio and it pretty incredible considering the size of these speakers.  I really hope this is something htc will continue to improve on because I don&#8217;t think I will ever own another device without front facing stereo speakers.Fourth, that camera.  Yes, most other reviewers seem to knock the One m8 camera because of it being &#8220;only 4mp&#8221; but don&#8217;t let that fool you.  The One m8 is capable of taking some pretty good looking high quality photo&#8217;s.  Not only that but it takes superb photos in medium to low light as well where most of its competitors will struggle in the same lighting conditions.  Same goes for video, an excellent all around camera that is more than capable of handling taking videos in almost any lighting condition effortlessly.  One thing to add about the camera which I think many take for granted is the time it takes for it to focus, it happens in a fraction of a second and while other camera are taking their time trying to get ready you would have already took 15 plus photos using its burst mode, the whole camera setup is very fast and very easy to use.  I am even willing to say that the camera on the One m8 is arguably one of the best &#8220;all around, most versatile&#8221; smartphone camera&#8217;s on the market to date.Finally, the battery life.  The One m8 comes with a 2600mah battery.  At first I was a little disappointed that it only came with that much, I was hoping it would have around 3000mah but using using the device on a daily basis I can see how surprisingly easy the One m8 is on the battery.  With light to medium use I can easily get a day and a half or so out of it before having to charge it up and for those days that I can&#8217;t get to a charger it has an extreme power saving mode to help whatever juice you have left to last that much longer.  For me though, on a typical work day, I would probably send and receive 50 to 75 texts and emails with an hour worth of phone calls while streaming Pandora for at least half the day and by the end of my shift I will still be sitting around 40% to 50% of battery left which is amazing in my opinion.To wrap up, I think htc did a fantastic job taking what worked with the One m7 and improving on what didn&#8217;t quite work to come up with what we see on the One m8.  As a user of several android devices the m8 is easily my favorite device to use and to hold, can&#8217;t wait to see what the m9 will bring.

I had the Galaxy 2 and wanted the 5 but with only 16gb internal memory decided to give this phone a try.  Unfortunately it just wasn't what I wanted.I'll start with the Pros: I liked to metal feel/look, the memory, the phone jack on the bottom, the speakers (they are only about as good as my clock radio but for a phone great), and the picture is crisp.The Cons: Transferring data from my old cell phone was a pain and failed once causing lots of duplicates, the phone is kind of long with the speakers, there's no menu button so finding anything in the phone is hard, transferring stuff from internal to external drive is a pain- I couldn't find any folders so had to download an app, when texts couldn't send there was no resend option they just hung out there until it tried again on its own, the default home screen is useless, the app screens don't wrap around, all the symbols at the top of the screen can't be accessed in one touch or swipe, if LTE didn't work it wouldn't go to 3g, the music player doesn't have an equalizer, the battery can't be removed and with lots of apps going was below 10% before noon, the power button is on top, the volume buttons require too much pressure, you need a special key (included) to remove the micro sd card, no swipe for texting, and the 4mp only camera.All the little things just added up to not a user friendly experience. I will wait for the next galaxy that has more internal memory, so I can download entire google play tv seasons and movies for my commute and flights.

The overall quality, speed, and screen quality is outstanding.  This is my third HTC phone as I've become eligible for upgrades, and by far it's the best phone I've ever had.  My only complaint is the battery life.  It's not bad but I was hoping for better. I can get approximately 30 hours of use from a charge, but I charge it every night anyway.

I usually do not write reviews, however my experience with this phone needs to be documented. Purchased the Sprint version from Amazon and activated in mid April.  I'm fairly familiar with customizing an Android phone. It took me 3 days to get it the way I wanted. Two things did not worked properly from the beginning:1. the message (email, text, calendar) notification front led did not function (known issue, documented all over the web). The led works when the phone is charged but it does not flash when an incoming message was present. I've contacted HTC support and open a ticket. The technical support was immediately available and professional. They supposed to call me back with the solution/answer. As of today I did not received a call back from HTC support.2. the Bluetooth connection to my car was inconsistent. I drive a 2012 Mazda CX 9 and my previous phone (Galaxy S3) worked flawlessly. I performed the pairing several time with the HTC M8 with the same result. Streaming music and phone calls worked after the pairing was completed. However, after a day or two the communication became  "broken up" to the point that it was unusable. Some time I've just turned off and on the Bluetooth on the phone and all worked for a period of time. Ultimately I  had to delete the device on my car Bluetooth menu  and pair it again.I was ready to call HTC when, after 18 days of usage, on a Friday evening (of course!), the phone semi-died. The screen went blank (black) and all my attempts to restart failed. Some of the phone functionality was still available - I could hear the email notifications, but no way to access them.At this point I've called HTC support again. The tech support was available immediately and very professionally they explained to me that the phone has a hardware issue  - more than likely there is a loose connector between the main board and the screen. Unfortunately the only solution to fix the problem was a replacement. HTC has different replacement options - all of them would cause me have no access to my phone number for a minimum 3 business days. They also advised to go to a Sprint store and get a replacement.I took the advice... and that it is another Sprint "horror" story  not for this posting.I've returned the HTC M8 back to Amazon, re-activate my old Galaxy S3, and cancel my 2 years contract extension with Sprint (I'm in the process to move to a different provider)Bottom line: HTC M8 is a good phone, and maybe I'm one of the "lucky" guys that I had a defective device. However my combined experience with HTC and Sprint was so bad that I'm reconsidering the whole cell phone strategy for the near future.
