
Okay, so this is a love/hate review.  I absolutely love this phone if it is working properly.  It's speed, functionality, it is truly a SMART phone.  I received the phone on June 6th, but my camera stopped functioning on June 21st.  I spent a lot of time going through my settings trying to fix the problem.  I finally contacted HTC customer service on June 25.  After performing a series of sequences with customer service I was able to get the &#34;Selfie&#34; camera working, but not the main camera or video, it was determined that I would need to perform a &#34;Hard Reset&#34;.  Which means I have to completely start over setting up my phone.  I did reset the phone and it did NOT fix the problem.  The main camera will not engage.  I can get to the menu for the different camera modes, but the phone does not recognize or respond when I click on &#34;camera&#34; or &#34;video&#34;.  &#34;Selfie&#34;, &#34;Dual Capture&#34;, and &#34;Pan 360&#34; will all engage the selfie facing camera.HTC is now going to send me another phone, but it may or may not be refurbished.  I am sorry, but this is a brand new phone and it has broken almost immediately after I received it and I should be guaranteed a new phone as a replacement.  Next, in order for me to receive the replacement phone and not have to send my current phone in first, I have to pay a non refundable $29.99.So my overview looks like this:* Camera breaks on new HTC One M8 phone.* HTC is sending a refurbished phone as a replacement* I have to pay an additional $29.99 for the refurbished replacement after just spending $650 for this new phone just 19 days ago.Shame on HTC for their poor customer service policy it's not fair.

I originally owned a Droid (OG), then upgraded to a Droid 4. When the latter phone died, I chose to part ways with slider keyboards forever and bought the HTC One M8. I was skeptical about having to use an on-screen keyboard, but it turns out that the larger screen real estate and the coming-of-age of smart predictive keyboard apps like Swiftkey made all the difference.I'll give you the short (hah!) rundown of why I like my HTC One so much, as well as try to correct some misinformation I've seen on the popular tech review sites. To be honest, I've read the first 2 or 3 reviews on Amazon and can well recommend that you read them, too. Some of those reviewers did a great job, spending a lot of time to cover all the details. So for my part, I just want to emphasize the major points.------------------------------------------------------------------------Part 1: The High PointsThe best qualities I noted after using this phone for several weeks are tempered by the fact that I never used any of its competitors, like the Samsung Galaxy S4 or S5. My previous phone was an antiquated (3 years old--hah!) Droid 4. So, with that caveat, here they are [IN NO PARTICULAR ORDER]:1) Good 3G/4G reception and outstanding wifi performance. My HTC One easily matches or exceeds the reception coverage of my old Droid 4 (my wife also has a Droid 4 so my comparison is based on her phone's performance). I read some reviews stating the HTC was generally superior. But then I read a few reviews criticizing HTC for call reception. It's possible that some configurations of holding/positioning the phone and/or using bluetooth may be interfering with those persons' reception. But to further seal the deal, my wifi performance is absolutely sick. My iPad used to be the wifi king at our house, regularly clocking up to 20mbps download speed. In repeated speedtest trials, my HTC One now outperforms it by about 25%.2) Beautiful screen detail and color rendition. I hate the false candy colors you get with the AMOLED displays. I like to see my photographs with at least some kind of realistic grayscale. While I wish the HTC One's display were a little brighter in sunlight, I am very pleased overall with how beautifully it renders my photos. And, because the 5" display is large but high definition, this phone is very easy on the eyes. One way you'll really appreciate a high def display is when you load a detailed PDF or Word document with illustrations, then note which phone gives you the most eye strain as you zoom in and try to read. (Another aside: HTC's native Office doc reader, while not perfect, is far superior to every other one I found in the app store.)3) Fast, responsive OS. Sense 6 + Kit Kat is better than Kit Kat. Don't pay any heed to the weenies who have fixated on the most trivial differences between Sense and stock Android, like how the app list scrolls vertically (the horror) instead of horizontally (oh, the horror). Sense is more than good enough to compare with pure Android--many of its unique features save time and make intuitive Sense (see what I did, there?). Like other reviewers, I love the swipe gestures to turn the phone on or go instantly into voice call mode. But mostly, I am blown away by how fast this phone responds to my gestures, how fast it scrolls, how quickly it opens an app, etc. The major reviewers concur that this phone has better response than either the Galaxy S5 or the iPhone 5s. Better than the iPhone. Huh. ****Addendum**** I just saw a preview of the next version of Android, codenamed "L", and it appears to borrow some of the key features from Sense, including the simpler (flatter) look to the icons, notification menu quick settings, and swipe to turn on the phone. HTC was ahead of the curve on this one.4) Superior sound quality. First it was the speakers. Awesome playback--louder than my iPad 2! Not only does this make a big difference when listening to music or videos, but it really helps with the overall call quality. Then I read somewhere that the internals from DAC to preamp were high quality. So I loaded-up a bunch of my CD quality .wav files--these are audiophile recordings, like LA 4's Just Friends, or Salamander Pie by Jay Leonhart. Then I plugged my Grado sr60 headphones in, and started listening. Then I went back to my Droid 4 and did the same. Wow. In comparison, my Droid 4 through headphones sounds like a mono radio! My HTC One sounds like separate, focused sources, spatially rendered, with deep, tightly controlled bass, sweet treble, easy on the ears, big dynamics... in other words, all the stuff that says you are approaching audiophile quality playback. Music is fun and exciting again! ****Addendum**** My friend has a Samsung Galaxy S4, so we loaded up the same track and listened to both phones using my headphones. Oh my. My HTC One totally stomped it. Much better dynamics and clarity--separation of instruments--and the headphone amp puts out way more power!5) Metal. More precisely, aluminum. You need me to say more? Just go pick one up, already, and you'll understand what everyone's talking about. I certainly get a good impression about this phone's build quality. But honestly, only time will reveal whether this phone lives up to HTC's reputation.------------------------------------------------------------------------Part 2: The (theoretical) Low PointsFirst off, let me just say that if this phone had any seriously negative points, I could list them here with a clean conscience. But I don't perceive any deal-breakers. So instead, I'm going to respond to the gripes I've seen on the popular tech sites and from misc. reviewers [IN NO PARTICULAR ORDER]:1) 4 megapixel camera. It generally takes good photos, but you can't blow them up to a full monitor screen. In low light, this phone excels. In bright sunlight, you'll get blown highlights. When I go photo shooting, I prefer to use a real camera. No phone will do justice. Having said that, it's too bad HTC didn't follow the trend of other phones and put a better camera in. I personally am happy they chose to at least give you superior performance in dingy bars, where you're not likely to be carrying a separate camera.2) Big bezel. Specifically, the black bar that says "HTC". Some people actually thought HTC did that just to have their branding be prominent. It interferes with some aficionados' practiced one-handed swipesmanship. On account of the phone being too tall. For the little paws. To box with God. Look, weenies, HTC says they needed the room for circuitry, antennas, speakers, whatever. Get over it!3) Slippery metal body. There is truth to this. When I first held my brand spankin' new HTC One M8, I was seriously concerned that I might drop it. Then I quickly adapted my grip and it's no big deal. But here's what you need to know: be careful to protect your phone from inquiring guests. I let a friend examine my phone. And was shocked to see her blithely do the one-handed master swiper expert thang and watched the phone squirt out of her hand like a banana. Fortunately, it landed in her lap. You have been warned.------------------------------------------------------------------------Part 3: Correcting the False PointsWhich brings us to a few remaining misconceptions I would like to correct:1) Ufocus. Does NOT bring selected unfocused objects into focus after the picture has already been taken. Do not compare this to Lytro. It DOES blur the scene around selected objects, and not always pleasantly. Gimmick.2) Battery life is... wait for it... OK. Not bad, not great. Gosh. You'll generally get a little over one full day.3) Screen is barely readable in sunlight. Who are all these people praising its brightness in sunlight? Get real! Still, most phones do poorly in this area. ***** ADDENDUM ***** I just read on an Android forum that HTC is not turning out identically spec'd displays. They may be using different manufacturers, because some phones have polarized glass, while others don't (mine doesn't). Also, within the same manufacturing run, people are noting significant differences in contrast and brightness. Too bad HTC didn't implement better quality control to assure consistency.4) Gorilla glass is not made of hyper-compressed banana skins. When will these rumors stop?

It's the best looking phone out there no doubt. Only 4 stars because the radio's are not .up to par. They are capable but for some reason HTC is not utilizing them to 100%. Hopefully a software update will fix things. Then I can give it the 5 stars it deserves.

You have probably read all the reviews by major corporations by now and pretty much know what this phone is about. So did I.I take my technology seriously and like to enjoy the fruits of my labor. So naturally I look towards the best phones in the business.In the States, there are really three brands  that standout on top and are known for their quality,  design, and performance: iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, and HTC.The HTC Evo 4g was the reason I never picked up my blackberry again. I was very impressed with the super large - at the time - 4&#34; display, wifi capabilities, and speed of the phone.When the M7 came out I wanted it but was not in a position to grab it. When the M8 debuted I jumped at the chance.I am very impressed with everything about this phone. The screen size was big at first but now seems normal, the optional are spectacular thanks to the latest Android  version, and having both speakers in the front makes everything loud when you need it to be (in my opinion all devices should have speakers on the front side. What do they think, we have ears on our fingers?)The best thing about this phone is the battery life. With all this power and events enabled on my phone the battery lasted a full day, even with the screen display set to auto. That makes it a real winner for me.

This phone is seriously sick! I know you've probably heard this so many times but the build of this device is just outstanding. Ok moving on now because there are other reasons to buy this phone. I'm personally a big fan of Sense 6. BlinkFeed is awesome once you set up your highlights list the way you like it. You can check Facebook Twitter and instagram from it and u can also get the latest tech news, celebrity news and whatever you want. It's great. If you don't like it however than you can easily get rid of it and save some battery power. Which brings me to my next point, the batter. On normal use (texting, calling, occasional internet usage, and BlinkFeed) I get about 34 hours of use out of the phone. On heavy use, and I mean HEAVY USE, where I dont put my phone down from full charge to zero charge I get about 7 hours of use. This is really good because during heavy use for me I'm either watching videos on YouTube or Netflix, I'm checking social feeds, making videos and listening to music non stop until the phone dies. Just so you know though, you never want your phone to get down to zero battery. It's best to charge your phone when it gets down to 50% and you want to charge it to about 95%. This will extend your battery life greatly. The UI of the HTC is awesome as well. Look up videos on how to get the developer option in settings and turn off your animations to make it even FASTER. Honestly you don't have to do this as the HTC has the best screen latency out of any phone on the market. Next is the camera. I know some of you are worried about this because it is only 4.1 UltraPixel. Coming from the galaxy S3 I can say that for me, the pictures are very good and slow motion video is my favorite thing to use. I'm constantly getting compliments on the quality of my pictures on Facebook and things like that. The Ufocus setting is a blast to use. The one down side of the camera is the zoom feature because the camera is only 4 pixels, the pic gets grainy when you zoom. Other than that I love it. I don't print my pics or transfer them to my laptop typically so I'm getting the best experience with the camera. Definitely a step up from the Galaxy S3. Phone quality is ridiculously clear and the speakers on the phone are as good as you're going to get with a smart phone. They're full of bass and loud as hell. I used to be an iPhone fan but the screen size was killing me and so we're the limitations to customize the layout. The HTC is fully customizable, it has great build quality, awesome speakers, cool camera, the best screen latency in the market and An intuitive UI. I almost forgot too, the screen quility is magnificent as well. In my opinion, it renders the most realistic image quality out of any other flagship device. Be a boss and buy this phone you will not regret it.

Love my new phone it's great. The best phone I've ever had. Would highly recommend it to anyone. Battery life is great.

After 10 days of intense comparison, I can honestly say the HTC One M8 is as good as (if not better than) my wife's iPhone 5s.I know some folks are put off by the 4MP camera on the HTC One, but don't be. If all you do is post your pics online, then the camera is perfect.Also, the HTC One's display is better, the size is great, the performance, the sound quality, the battery, everything is just superb.The UI is simple and intuitive, BlinkFeed doesn't get in the way, and there's very little bloatware.I like my Windows Phone before this, and I like my wife's iPhone, but it says something about the HTC One when she keeps trying to trade phones with me (I am not making that up).

Have to say I really like my new HTC M8.  I think its the perfect size.  Its a good size bigger than my previous Droid phone but its not too big. The Galaxy felt just a tad to big in my hand.  The M8 is just slightly less wide than the Galaxy which suits me well.  Not sure why some complain about the power button being on top, it works great for me there and I don't hit the volume by mistake as much.  Very happy with the camera performance, and the features of this phone.  Easier to text than my old phones too.  And I love the dual speakers, sounds about as good as some of the small bluetooth speakers I've heard. As a matter of fact, camping with it last w/e we were listening to music on it and my wife told me to turn it down!This is my first HTC and I'm happy I chose it.  Also, they have a awesome clear back case with rubber sides for it, add the tempered glass top protector and your completely protected without it looking like a big fat protector on it.

I'll make it short and sweet ,  because it is a sweet phone,  it's the best new phone I've had yet.

I don't regret buying this over the LG g2 It's fast and really good looking. The battery is pretty good and the camera isn't as bad as many reviewers make it out to be. Definitely recommend this phone.

This phone is great! Before I purchased this phone, I was somewhat skeptical because of the camera and of how the specs were slightly less then the galaxy s5 but I decided to jump in and buy this phone. This phone is impressive and has been the best phone that I have ever had! Now 4mp does sound bad but I honestly love the camera. The battery is great too! I am always on the internet and on social networks and it lasts me the whole day, literally. I even tried out the s5 at the local Verizon store and I was not impressed. The home button on the phone seemed really cheap and it was too sensitive. Although the camera was really nice, I am glad I went with the HTC one m8. My advice is to not read too much into the specs because this truly is a great phone. Now I am just waiting for the Dot View case to become available

Best phone around with out a doubt.  Excellent battery incredibly fast and very nice build quality and I love sense 6.0

Switched from Apple 4s because I wanted a larger screen and wasn't prepared to wait for 6 months for the iPhone 6. I did a lot of research on what was available (Samsung S5, HTC One, LG G2, etc) and felt that the HTC M8 was the best choice. The build quality is second to none, compares to the quality of  Apple  iPhones which many consider the standard for quality builds. The metal case felt much better than the Samsung plastic S series phones. Battery life has been very good and data speed is terrific. I would highly recommend this phone!

One of the best phones I have ever had. It is much better than my droid maxx so it must be better than the motor x too. I have zero complaints about this device.

I got my HTC One on Verizon as soon as it hit. The aluminum build, different approach to a camera, fantastic LCD, and design of Sense drew me to it, and it just had to have it. The past seven months with it have been amazing. I've had no issues or complaints about it, and when I started seeing leaks of the M8, I immediately started following them. We all knew what we would be getting weeks in advance, the worst kept secret in tech of this year. I saw what I liked.The new HTC One is a good upgrade over it's 2013 sibling. The new finish is fantastic. They only had the dark gunmetal grey color when I got mine at the Verizon store, which isn't what I had wanted initially, but the color has definitely grown on me. The hairline finish isn't quite as nice as the old matte finish on the silver, but it's also growing on me. Despite everyone else saying that it is more comfortable in the hand due to to the aluminum wrapping all the way around, I actually think it is a bit more uncomfortable. I didn't mind the plastic seam in the middle last year, and the loss of the back chamfers makes me sad. The M8 is really a step back in terms of design, but really only a baby step.Unlike every other Android manufacturer, HTC still puts their power button on the top. If you're used to the power button on the M7, it feels completely ordinary. Coming from a different Android phone, there would definitely be a learning curve. The M8 is slightly taller than the M7, and wider too, yet I've not found either one of those to be significant in the past couple of days. The power button is still just as easy to press, if not easier due to it being on the right side and being raised a bit compared to the M7. The migration of the headphone jack from the top to the bottom is welcomed. The entire top of the phone is now a black plastic strip for the IR blaster and the onboard radios. The already excellent IR blaster was improved this time around, recognizing input from an even wider variety of angles. The plastic strip doesn't look the best but I'll take the improved IR performance.The biggest difference in feel from the M7 to M8 is how the metal feels against your skin. It feels a bit sturdier, and the metal is much warmer to the touch. The M7 was already a heavier phone with its metal construction, and the M8 adds to the weight, yet it feels more premium and sturdy. I feel like if I drop it, it won't dent or break as easily, and early scratch and water tests on YouTube seem to suggest its a bit more rugged than it's younger brother. It feels reassuring in a different type of way than the M7. I had the official HTC Flip Case on it off and on for a couple days but I have mostly taken it off. I've dropped it twice naked, and hit it into a metal chair and it is still flawless.There is a new notch on the side of the phone for a microSD card. I personally don't need it as my M8 is 32 GB which is fine for a phone in my use case. That's not the case for everyone, so it may be a welcome addition to many. The second change is the switch from microSIM to nanoSIM. In my case I didn't have a problem as the SIM came preinstalled out of the box. I have a feeling that if I ever switch to an iPhone the change will be welcomed, but I don't plan on it anytime soon.The 5&#34; screen on the M8 is just as beautiful as the M7's was, if not more. Colors pop without being over saturated. The blacks are deep, though not quite black. Everything is as sharp as a tack, and bright and beautiful. This screen has a certain punch to it that is missing on the M7, and the iPhone. The colors look near perfect to me, maybe a tad warm, but I'm very sensitive to cold light, so that might just be me. Auto brightness could probably stand to be a bit dimmer in the dark, but it's perfect in every other setting.HTC finally implemented onscreen buttons. This was one of the biggest things that I missed from my old Galaxy Nexus. I was one of the only people who seemed not to mind last year's capacitive layout, so this was just a slight upgrade to me. It's not without it's faults however. Instead of shrinking down the bezel, HTC kept it there and just put the onscreen buttons above this blank space. In practice it isn't as bad as I had initially thought it would be, and the magnets underneath the bezel help with the new HTC flip case, but it still seems a bit silly and adds to the largeness of this phone. It's definitely not for ex-iPhone users or Moto X fans. However, I love the design of the soft keys much better than stock, they just look better.That brings me to software. I found stock Android on my old Nexus devices to be dark, cold, and a little bit lacking in some ways. Sense 5 is a great skin with a beautiful cohesive design that seems to fit the hardware better than stock did on the M7. Sense 5.5 added little bonuses everywhere you turned. And now Sense 6 tightens everything up, flattens it, and embraces color. Sense 6 is the best skin I've used to date, with a great stock keyboard, cool themes, and bursts of color that make the phone feel a bit more alive. The messaging, dialer, gallery, and TV apps have a fun iOS vibe to them with their accent colors at the top. The font selecting tool is a fun addition, and the themes all look great.The lockscreen notifications have been reduced in obviousness but make the overall design much cleaner. The quick settings menu matches the theme you have chosen and adds a pop of color to the phone, while giving you more options. Sense 6 seems to be about raising the bar for design while also adding some fun personalization and customization options.New on the M8 are the Motion Launch gestures. I don't know how I lived without them, yet they are not without their faults. The double tap to wake is amazing, but I'm left without a gesture to turn off the screen. The hardware lock button isn't that bad, but I like the gesture a bit better. I am also left wishing that the screen was just a little bit less sensitive to it sometimes, as turning the phone over can sometimes trigger some of the gestures unintentionally. Yet, at the top of the screen especially, it seems not to work all the time. I'm also left wishing that the double tap to wake worked when sitting on a table or counter, but unfortunately that is not the case. The volume button in landscape to trigger the camera is so hit and miss that I have just stopped trying.Sense 6 definitely feels faster than it's predecessor and I'm not sure if that can be chalked up to the faster hardware or to software optimization. Whatever it is, I've not experienced a single slowdown, even when using it while using the HTC Power to Give app in the background, Spotify playing the background, and using Chrome. Unfortunately the HTC browser is gone, replaced by Chrome, but thankfully it doesn't run like shit, but we'll see what happens over time.The stock messaging app is one of the places where Sense 6 shines. The bleeding header is incredibly beautiful here, and the blue is the perfect shade. Messages are quick to send, and everything works just as you would thing it should. There is themes here too, to make sure you stand out a bit. The Dialer interface is also fantastic. Call quality is what you would expect, and about equal to the M7 in the same locations. The speakerphone is nice and loud as well.The keyboard is quick and accurate, and follows the theme that you have chosen in the Personalization menu. All of the autocorrect and custom words I had in my personal dictionary are present, however, I did have to recalibrate the keyboard to my fingers in the settings menu, buried deep in sub-menus. I wish they had made them easier to find.I prefer to use Nova Launcher on my phone, with a custom icon pack, so unfortunately I miss BlinkFeed, though when I used the stock launcher, it made the experience just that much better. I'd love for them to somehow implement it into custom launchers somehow but I'm not sure about the feasibility of something like that.I love listening to music and watching music videos on my phone, and the M8 doesn't disappoint with either. The BoomSound speakers are back and better and louder than before. HTC claims they are about 25% louder than the old One and in a side to side comparison that seems to be the case. The screen has also made a bump from 4.7&#34; to 5&#34;, which makes watching videos a slightly more immersive experience, especially with headphones. The audio output is very good with my Klipsch S4i headphones, yet I still miss the volume control that works with other Android phones from Motorola and Samsung, and also my iPad. Would love to see a fix for that in the future if possible.Battery life on this phone is great. I don't have to worry about being tethered to a wall at all. I consider myself a heavy user, with hundreds and sometimes thousands of notifications a day, huge amounts of screen time, hours of music, and hundreds of messages across many apps. The M8 doesn't disappoint. With my very heavy use, I can expect around 12 hours before I start needing a charger with heavy use, and longer with more moderate use. The camera drains the battery more, but I'm sure that might have something to do with the camera itself.The primary camera on the M8 is slightly than the one on the M7, if only for the secondary one right above it. While the smaller sensor above the main UltraPixel camera takes a little bit from the design, the refocusing effects are actually useful and interesting. It has taken some fairly average photos and given them just a little bit more pop. Coming from a PureView or even a traditional 8 MP shooter, you'll notice the camera suffers in quality. Everything is a bit mushier than it could be. Daytime photos lose some color, and can easily become washed out. Living with the M7 for 7 months, I've learned how to adapt and take pictures from slightly different angles and frame my shots a bit differently to get better results. By no means am I a professional photographer, nor do I get as good of results as I would like sometimes, but it's not the dealbreaker that many make it out to be. Low light shots are always nice, and macro shots turn out just fine. I haven't tested out the new flash, but with flashlight apps it seems to be a bit brighter and warmer in tone. I haven't noticed any difference with the removal of OIS.The front facing camera takes very adequate selfies, better than any other phone I have used. The wide angle lens is appreciated, but I feel like sometimes the front facing camera does a better job than the primary camera. That's definitely a bit of a problem. My SnapChats to friends seem to have gotten that extra little bit better, and Selfie Sunday will never be the same, but I would have liked to see this be the rear sensor.The new camera interface takes a bit of getting used to. There is many options, and some very well could have been left out. The dual capture view, for taking a picture with both the rear and front cameras simultaneously is a gimmick for sure. Many manual controls exist for the photographer who wants more control for things like White Balance and ISO, and they are incredibly easy to access. Overall it is very clean, just a bit different.The new gallery app is a good representation of the Sense interface. The purple header bleeds into the notification bar like many apps on iOS 7, and it looks fantastic. The editing interface is easy to use, very powerful, and is completely non-destructive. Sharing to any app is incredibly easy. But HTC has a weird idea of how to sort your pictures if you leave the camera roll. It tries to sort pictures by location and event and time and all kinds of stuff, but often falls short. You're best off using it like the iOS camera roll.I have just a couple of other small tidbits of information I thought I would throw in. The all grey settings app is a bit monochromatic for my tastes, and some simple settings can be a little difficult to find. The HTC Transfer Tool was a godsend, transferring over 2,000 pictures, 15,000 text messages, all of my wifi settings, my personal dictionary, contact links, etc. from my phone in about 15 minutes using a Wifi Direct connection. The official HTC Flip Cover is pretty, and turns the screen on and off, but it don't think it is worth $30, and I'm debating returning it. I like the idea of the Dot View case, but I'm waiting to get the blue one if it ever comes in stock. Data speeds are what you would expect on any phone from Verizon.Update: I have an SD card in there for photos. Works fine. The Dot View case is fun and cool. Battery life is usually 14-16 hours a day. Scratches and dents are easy to put in it without a case. (look at it wrong and it will scratch) You can break your screen and get it replaced in the first 6 months for free by HTC. Whatever you may have seen online, this phone is NOT waterproof (my first one died in the river). A tempered glass screen protector is perfect to resist cracks and scratches in the screen.

Unsure on how to start this review. Overall I am happy with the NEW HTC ONE. The design and aesthetics of the device is the best of all flagship phones. It is so well made and beautiful to hold, touch and look at. The iPhone has always held the crown on construction, but I think the HTC One deserves that title now.The screen of this device is gorgeous. Colors are accurate and everything just pops. Prefer it over AMOLED screens. The 1080p 5 inch screen is great for watching videos and playing games. Able to read e-books comfortably, although nothing can match a dedicated reading device like a Kindle and their e-ink technology.The Boomsound Speakers are just as great as the first HTC One, if not better. Music played via the loudspeaker is loud and crystal clear. For music lovers who enjoy listening to their music and videos without the aid of headphones; nothing compares.Network connectivity is stable and great. Able to get high speed connectivity on Verizon's LTE Network without issue. Average download speeds of 16Mbps and average Upload speeds of 12Mbps. Please note! that this is highly dependent on location and population size using the network at the time. Average speeds will be different for all. Overall I'm able to retain stronger signal than any of my previous devices.The inclusion of a micro-sd slot is a welcome add-on. I am now able to carry all my music, photos, and a few HD videos with me at all times. No longer do I have to pick and choose what I want to carry on my device. Carrying a Class 10, 64gb microsd card at the moment which is enough room for me given that the HTC One comes with an extra 32gb of storage.Other features that I enjoy are the IR-blaster which works like a charm. I'm Able to control my TV and Cable box directly from my device without issue. NFC technology is something i have not used much except for transferring pictures to buddies but I was recently introduced  to open an Isis account and I must just say "WOW". I am now a faithful user of such payment technology. I have used it a few times since receiving the device and it works. Can simply use my device for payment instead of my cards. Just place your phone on the NFC payment hub (same device used to swipe your credit cards) dial in your security pin, and presto. I only hope that more vendors start taking advantage of this technology because it really works.The front facing camera is superior to anything out in the market. Picture are of high quality and look great. Unfortunately the front facing camera is the only camera to get excited about.Now for the small caveats that makes me think twice about keeping the device.As I said before, the 5 inch screen of the device is gorgeous but HTC failed here by including the menu buttons on the screen itself vs dedicated buttons below. I have always hated this set up, given that it takes away from having the full screen real estate at your disposal. I don't understand why they went this route. The bezel below the screen is just as big as their first HTC One and could of easily accommodated these buttons with ease.The metal design is beautiful but my god is it slippery. I highly recommend you buy a minimalist case with this device, you will drop this phone without one. The metal finish is beautiful but it is hard to keep a proper grip on it.The Boomsound Speakers are within a class of its own. Loudspeaker performance is awesome but I wish that such performance transferred over when receiving calls. I don't think the earpiece gets loud enough when talking on the phone via the top earpiece, which is odd. HTC must of tuned down the earpiece speaker capabilities during calls. I mean the device is more than capable of outputting higher volumes during calls, but seems a bit low to me.Lastly the Camera. Once again we have a 4 Ultrapixel camera. Every other vendor is going bigger but HTC decided to stay small and improve on "quality", or so they say. I'm sorry but although it is true that megapixels aren't everything to a good photo, they do help. This is the deciding factor that might or will have me return the device and wait on the Galaxy S5. I have taken various shoots with the HTC One and they do come out great (when viewing them on the phone) but the same cant be said when viewing them on my Macbook Pro. I cant zoom into anything for editing because there is just not enough resolution to play with. The photos are great for viewing on the device and sharing them on Facebook but they are not good for post editing on a higher resolution screen such as my Mac. The "secondary" top camera being used to capture depth works, but only under the right conditions. Most of the time U-Focus (name of the top camera module) seems to be more of a software fix and not an actually camera capable of measuring depth. Some picture come out great, while others do not blur correctly. It makes me question the capability of the U-Focus camera.Overall the HTC One is a great device with few issues, which is a shame too. I love the look and feel of the device. It screams premium but upon closer look it just isn't for me. Others will have a great time with this device and speak highly of it but the camera just didn't do it for me.Update June 05, 2014Initially I wasn't very impressed with the HTC One M8 but I have to go ahead and give a deserving update. I have changed my review from a 3 star to a 4 and I will say why below.I gave up on the HTC One M8 early on and switched to the Galaxy S5. Over 30 days later I couldn't continue liking or recommending the S5 for various reasons and went back to the HTC One M8; only this time I went with the BestBuy Gold edition. Although the Galaxy S5 is an overall excellent powerhouse of a Smartphone, it does have its issues. First and foremost it lags considerable. I can't tell you how many times I have had the phone dragging at a slower pace than my rapid fingers. I constantly had to wait for the keyboard to pop up to commence typing and pages had an issue of freezing. Worst of all was the slow speeds I witnessed when launching the camera app and snapping the first picture. I continued to lose the perfect photo moment due to how long it would take to start up. The Galaxy S5 does still have the superior camera (no questions about that) but I disliked the constant waiting for the camera app to launch.Overtime the Galaxy S5 began to feel more to what it was.... cheap plastic, It took some time, but after a while I felt I was holding something less premium than what I originally believed on day one.The S5 also isn't the best performer when it comes to call quality. I found myself asking people to repeat themselves because I had a hard time understanding the words coming through the top earpiece. The HTC One M8 differs in this area since its call quality is loud and crystal clear and just better overall in this aspects. Sometimes we forget that our Smartphones should be a phone first and then some. Im not sure if it was a software update or my disappointment with the S5 but I am enjoying the HTC One much more than I initially did.

A tremendous powerhouse of a phone. I love the lack of bloatware found on other manufacturer's phones. My previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy Nexus...I had a real concern that HTC would make major changes to the stock Android Jelly Bean, but I was surprised how little I needed to do to set up the phone to look and feel like what I had for the previous two years. The transfer of media from the old phone to the HTC One M8 couldn't have been easier, with a really simple to use app HTC offers for free. The performace of the phone is blazing fast and nearly hiccup free. One fault - the phone turns off its accelerometers when the screen is off, so using it as a pedometer via an app won't work at this time, unless you're syncing with a bluetooth accessorty like a Fitbit or Up Band. Really, that's my only complaint.Purchasing through Amazon as an upgrade to my Verizon account was simple, and the phone arrived exactly when promised. I'm very happy with my overall experience, and will once again look to Amazon the next time I look for an phone upgrade.

So this is the first time in 5 years im switching phone brands. I had the motorola for 5 years: droid, droid 3 & 4 and Droid razr m. I been throught a lot and i wanted something new. Some of my choices were Droid MAXX, S5, and Note 3 but in the end I needed a phone right away so I got the most up-to date phone which was the HTC One M8. So far so good. When i buy phones I try to look at all the comments from each phone i am about to select and i did hear the HTC brand had a lot of problems but no phone is perfect. That is why most companies let you upgrade when a new type of phone comes out. The note 4 is coming out soon in the fal but i didnt want to wait that long to the HTC One M8 was perfect. 32gb of awesomeness and 3d camera i been hearing about and its pretty big so i cannot complain about it not being big enough lol. And the screen is super clear and also a decent size to see youtube & netflix. I love it :D Thank you!

I've had this phone for about three weeks,and so far, I've have not been disappointed.Pros:Great Battery Life, haven't been below 50% with heavy use.Great Look, like the metal case.Cons:None so far.

I have been using Samsung Galaxy Note 2 for a few years and really like the looks of the HTC One M8.  I decided to give it a try and glad I did.Pros1.  Very FAST, and I mean really FAST2.  Very nice looking, slim and easy to hold3.  5" Screen is the Sweet spot for me.  I can complete most task with one hand4.  Double tap to wake works very well and excellent feature.Cons:Battery doesn't last all day (I'm a heavy user (using Mobile Hotspot and GPS))Overall, I'm very satisfied with the HTC One M8 and will continue to use it as my daily drivers.Andre

After spending a lot of time with the iphone 5s and some time with the Samsung Galaxy s5, I am very confident that this is the best phone for me. This is my 4th HTC phone and i am still impressed with the phones they put out. It may not have everything that some phones have, but one thing HTC does well is that their phones just plain Work! I've never had a single problem with a HTC phone, i've had the Aeris, the Incredible, the Rezound (amazing phone btw, would've stuck with it longer if it had jellybean) and now the M8. Can't really compare the 5s with it since they are two different types of phones for 2 different types of users. The big comparison would be between it and the S5. They both share similar apps and features and i personally prefer htc's. Everything is great, the screen, sound and interface. The camera isn't that great compared to samsung's as far as megapixels but it's still fast and has some great effects. It's not waterproof like the S5 so theres that. I love the remote app, it's programable unlike the smart remote app on the S5. Theres a million reviews so i'm not gonna waste anymore time, the one thing i have to say is i love this phone!

I traded my HTC One in for an HTC One M8.  Immediately the phone started randomly turning itself off.  Called T-Mobile and the store was out of stock.  I've had this phone less than 24 hours and through Chat, email and voice calling HTC (and T-Mobile) for a solution.  HTC had me restart in safe mode (that didn't work) remove all 3rd party apps - no help here.  Finally perform a factory reset (no small task), still did not help. Phone would randomly turn itself off (90%charged) and the only way to turn it on was to hold the power key down and the volume up key for 10 to 15 seconds.  Called HTC several times.  They offered exchange my phone if I paid them $30!  Can you believe that?  I've had the phone for less than 24 hours, it's defective and virtually unusable.  And HTC wants me to pay them money to exchange it.  They way they treat their customers is a reflection of their business success and frankly a poor reflection on the integrity of the company.  Please keep that in mind when deciding on your next phone.

I had many expectations for the HTC One M8 after owning the older flagship HTC One M7 device. There are many things that the M8 delivered but there some that I am still yearning for in the next HTC phone.Camera quality is an improvement that I see in the M8. Although the HTC One M8 does not improve on megapixel count nor ultrapixel count, the software has improved immensely. There are more features that the M7 did not have that leaves little to be desired from a photographer standpoint. I admit that the lack of improvement on megapixel count is disappointing but it suffices for the purpose phone cameras are intended for: social media. The low light ability on the M8's camera is superb and is surprising for a phone camera. As a photographer, I am amazed about the capabilities that I have on the M8. The manual mode and Ufocus is very useful and although it has some quirks, HTC can fix it with a simple software update through the google play store. With the manual mode, you can set custom exposure times, apertures, and ISO settings which is something that photographers use on the daily. With Ufocus, you can create amazing composition sound pictures by isolating your subject from the background making it a stronger image overall. If you are wanting to take the next step in your photography skills, this is definitely something that will become useful. The only problem that I have with the camera on the M8 is the organization of the UI. I find it hard to navigate through the menus. There are a set of menus that let you switch from camera to video, selfie mode, etc. and then there are another set of menus that let you choose which mode you want like manual mode, HDR, and panorama. This can get confusing and latter menu is hidden in the settings button. In addition, sometimes I forget to change from video to camera or visa versa and when I open up the camera app again, it goes to your last saved mode so I end up taking a video when I want to take a picture.The overall UI is much improved. There is a way that you can change the font, theme (though there is only a limited amount of colors), and blinkfeed content which was not found on the M7. However, most software is the same as the M7 now that it has been updated to Sense 6.The hardware is solid and much improved from the M7 and still unique compared to other phone manufactures. Besides apple, HTC is the only one that has nearly metal phone. Having a metal phone makes you it feel very solid in the hands and premium. From a design standpoint, it shows that the carrier has put a lot of thought with the curved body and the brushed aluminum. The boom sound feature also is a perk because it delivers loud volume quality sound. As a musician, this is one of the features that I enjoy because I can listen to music the way that the artist intended me to listen to. It is also good for social times when you don't have speakers or a computer to play music. It is loud enough to fill a room. I also like how the speakers are placed on the phone because it really amplifies the sound when they are the front. I hate to put my phone where the glass is facing the ground just so that i can hear the music coming from the speakers on the back.Among the flagship devices that are out, the HTC One M8 is the top contender. It still brings quality features that many competitors have not included yet in their device. It looks great and it feels like a flagship device. I would recommend this to those who are very much into the latest and greatest. Also, it is very easy to use and can be enjoyed by everyone who doesn't find tech their forte.

My only complaint is more about Verizon than the phone.  At the time of this review, Verizon has restricted some key features such as Extreme Power Saving Mode and HTC's S-off tools for those interested unlocking the device.

For a week, I had a Samsung 5 and the music audio was mediocre at best - I have a new car with a terrific sound system and want a phone I can use with it. HOWEVER the Samsung has phenomenal Bluetooth: crisp sound when phoning, and magical one touch handsfree texting. I hoped that was partly due to my new '14 Subaru (my old HTC sure couldn't do that). So to help the music audio problem I reluctantly used my one Verizon switch to go to the HTC One m8. Crossing fingers the car was making the magic.  True to reputation, the M8's sound (after downloading the Poweramp App) is fabulous!!!!  So why only 3 stars?  Bluetooth s*cks on it. Phone calls sound as if you are talking in a barrel and NO handsfree messaging. I am one sad HTC owner and can hardly wait until my two years are up. PLEASE HTC, update the software to compete with Samsung. Oh yes, the voice command function on Samsung is great. There is nothing on HTC to compare. I just went down to two stars.

I had been waiting for something new to come out for several months and I have to say I am very pleased with the HTC One m8. I've been using it for about a month now and for the most part it is great. I love that they added the ability to add a micro sd card. I play a lot of ROMs on my phone so I would fill 32gb right away. While I do wish that I could replace the battery (I also play a lot of Ingress which eats battery) so far it has not been too much of a problem. In general I can easily go all day without charging. To me, this is the perfect sized phone, my wife has a note 3 that she loves, but I find it a little too wide for my taste. The speakers sound great. The camera is decent. For the most part the 4 megapixel camera delivers what you would expect, but I do which it performed better in low light. The IR blaster is a pretty neat feature too even though I rarely use it. The remote control app even was able to control my costco &#34;Element&#34; tv. One minor annoyance is that the lock screen will reset your phone if the wrong pattern is performed 10 times in a row. This just seems to make it too easy for someone to troll you and wipe your phone. Over all I think it is a great phone. Some people complain about the slickness of the phone, if you are looking for a case, that doesn't make the phone look terrible check out the Spigen cases, they look great and offer a decentPros:-Perfect size screen (for me)-Great speakers-Decent Camera-Fast and responsive-Can add micro sd card-beautiful looking phone-decent battery lifeCons: (mostly minor)-Easy to accidentally hit volume rocker-No way to disable the &#34;wipe phone if lock pattern is incorrectly done 10 times&#34; without disabling the lock pattern completely-Not replaceable battery- I actually prefer the micro usb and aux jack on the top for when I have my phone propped at my desk, but not a big deal

This is the best phone I have ever owned. Having had the Iphone 5s, which I still have, and Samsung 3,4,5, as well as all Blackberry forms (as a start up businessman, I have many phones and businesses)... this phone essentially offers great display, functionality, apps, and also battery, believe it or not. Also the sleek look definately gets people attention. Finally, the size of the screen is perfect and replaced my need for my IPAD mini... which is colelcting dust. Given this is $149 with renewal, this is the best buy.

My prior phone was also an HTC, so I am aware of the build quality of these phones.  It does amaze me what a difference two years can make in the Tech world.  The One M8 feels like a Rocket Ship in your hands and also performs like one too!I think I'll be happy with this phone for the next two years or beyond, get ONE you wont regret it!!!Stivo

battery better than my razor  "R.I.P."  but slippery to hold of the smooth back / at bit  hard to hold for small hands . so far performace top notch  no lags in gaming yet..  just a few apps have started by them selves without user input ??.  the on button on top a con  my thumb cant reach it but learning the double tap start  method  kool.  since its slippery the heaviness keeps it  in ur hand more stable .  audio is kickin  front speakers  ..  voulume buttons super light  i keep on activateing by  just brushing up against ema case / skin may cure some isssues for me . it gets a bit warm if you game . made backup on the cloud on old phone  but just lost the ringtones i set  for contacts  no biggie .  i am better than happy ...  se how it goes

Best phone I have had yet!

I'm not going to get into anything but the sound as everything else has been described pretty well in the other reviews. So, what can I say about the sound quality of this cell phone?It rocks! I've owned several ipods including the ipod touch, ipod shuffle 4th Edition, and ipod classic, and the sound (through bluetooth, auxiliary, and the BoomSound speakers) all sounds way better than the ipods that I have owned!My last phone was way behind this one (Droid Razr Maxx), and I thought that the sound on that was pretty good. However, compared to the HTC One M8, it's not even close to the sound quality.I had also tried the LG G2, and even though it was cheaper and had just as nice of a screen, the sound was awful (might have just been the Verizon version, but still).There is nothing that I don't love about this phone, but I am especially happy with the sound quality. If you are considering this versus other phones like the Samsung S5, buy this one. You won't regret it once you listen to it!

I haven't ever bought a phone off contract, but this phone is worth it. Feels like a piece of fine jewelry in your hand -- flawless aluminum construction. Screen has a way better color palette than the GS4, and I actually really like the Sense 6 skin compared to TouchWiz. It feels closer to stock Android with less bloatware, and BlinkFeed seems cool so far.HTC seems to have taken the core great features from the first model and beefed up the performance, and it is a FAST phone.The camera's 360 panorama feature is awesome, and the speakers sound fantastic.Call reception is good, and have gotten about 5 hours of battery life from the initial 60 percent charge out of the box (plugged in at 25% remaining).Highly recommend this phone!

They've finally gotten a phone that in its vanilla state competes with ios. Plus it can control my tv... I mean c'mon how long have you wanted that?

This phone is really good. All the spec I wanted and needed. I had the HTC Incredible and decided to stick woth this brand.

I don't want to re-post the same 100 things that you can find in all the professional reviews so I'm just going to give a couple of observations of my own that I never saw in my research...Overall build- it is well built as I am sure you've read but it is also so smooth to the touch I can't hold onto it.  I had a few co-workers try it and they agreed that it's like this thing was dipped in oil.  I don't mean this to be critical- just an observation.  A case is a necessity for me to keep from dropping it.Screen- it's beautiful but it is also huge.  I can't touch the top third of the screen when I'm holding the phone one-handed.  I have medium-sized hands for a guy.Speakers- I highly recommend going to a cell phone store and watching a movie trailer on this phone.  I didn't think I would particularly care about front-facing stereo speakers but now I realize what I have been missing.  It might be embarrassing to listen to something loud in the store but just do it so you can hear for yourself.  It's pretty cool.Battery- everyone's level of use varies so I won't comment on how long it lasts on one charge.  I'll just say I am happy with the battery life.  If you want to know how much electrical energy your current phone holds do a search like &#34;HTC One M8  mAh&#34; (but use your phone's model/name instead of the M8).  Once you know your phone's battery capacity you can compare it to the M8's, which has a 2400mAh battery.The only other thing I want to comment on are the gesture controls.  If you haven't read it already this phone has a built-in ability to unlock the phone from a black screen just by swiping up.  It sounds simple but I freaking love this feature. I have started accidentally trying to activate my ipad with the same gesture because it's so useful/easy.I guess that's it.  Everything else you can read in the professional reviews online...I feel like the things I read mirror my own experience.

I bought this to replace my iphone.  I don't think I can go back to that size screen again...I love the functionality of the android and the sleek design of the phone in general.  It's also very fast.  So far so good...

This is an amazing phone. Like many, I was on the fence between the S5 or the m8. After going back and forth, I decided that I didn't need the high megapixel camera on the s5 and everything else was better on the m8.  Everything on this phone feels premium and it works extremely well. I had been using a Galaxy nexus with pure android before..the HTC version of android is very clean and works fantastic. I can't say the same for Samsun's version of android and honestly was one of the reason why I didn't like that phone.If you are on the fence, get the m8, it is a better overall package.

I was very excited about this phone prior to launch, as I had been a big fan of the originial HTC One.  Coming from an Galaxy S3, this device looked to be a nice upgrade, and it surely didn't disappoint.  I was also waiting for the Galaxy S5, but I went ahead to pull the trigger and I'm glad I did.Hands-On Impressions:Exterior body / Design -Wow.  I thought the pictures for this beauty looked good, and then I came across this phone in-person.  I actually got the Glacial Silver version instead of the featured Gunmetal Grey, but I got a chance to see both.  The silver is the almost exact same as the silver from last year's model, so if you've seen the HTC One from last year, you will know what to expect.  It is a bright non-glossy silver with a hint of shiny accents around the rim of the body and the camera lens.  Metal wraps all the way around the sides, and the only plastic I can make out are the thin white strips on the back and the black piece on top of the phone, which I think is an IR blaster used for remote control.The Gunmetal Grey version is noticeably darker, with brushed aluminum accents wrapping around the back and parts of the front (the top and bottom strips where the Boomsound speakers are).  Under direct light, the metal almost looks dark brown, but it is still definitely more on the grey side.  It's a more aggressive look compared to the silver, but the brushed aluminum finish helps it retain elegance.  I can see this color going very well with a dark case (maybe smoky black?)  The two-tone color scheme on the front of the device is less noticeable compared to the silver version, and this is as close as you can get to the all black version that was discontinued from last year (at least for now, no one really knows what other colors they will come out in the future).  I also heard that this grey version is made of stainless-steel instead of aluminum, but I'm not certain.I didn't get a chance to see the gold color in version, but I've seen videos and it looks like bright gold.  It's not the really shiny gold that blinds you, but it's bright enough where it doesn't seem dull.  I would say it looks like the Champagne gold on the iPhone 5S, except it is a tad brighter and has a stronger gold hue.  Keep in mind that the device is still made of metal, and it is not actually gold.Overall you can really go wrong with any of the colors.  I personally picked the silver, because the color is the most pure and refined compared to the Gunmetal Grey and Amber Gold, but I can see other people who prefer the grey and gold to make a bolder statement.Now onto the physical body shape.  This phone is definitely on the big side, and it's more on the tall side than anything else.  I would say this is very quickly approaching the &#34;phablet&#34; category, but it's still small enough where you don't have to use two hands all the time.  The 90% metal construction gives it a noticeable heft, and this is definitely not the thinnest phone out there in the market.  However, HTC did a really excellent job of shaping the curves, as this phone doesn't dig into your palm and rests nicely on your hand.  I really liked how the volume buttons are now easier to press, as the older buttons on the first HTC One were next to impossible to feel.  The micro-USB port and the 3.5 mm headphone jack are both on the bottom, with the volume rocker on the right and the power button on the top-right hand side.  One thing I dislike about the button placement is that the power button is harder to reach, but thankfully HTC has a software feature that takes care of this issue (more on that later).  The camera lens (both of them) are completely exposed on the back side, and there is no bulge around the lens to shield them when the phone is resting on a flat surface so keep that in mind.  Overall this phone is nicely built and designed, where the design means all business and looks very mature.  I would suggest getting a case for this phone, as the last thing this device needs is one big crack running across the display.  And speaking of display.........Display/screen - 1080P S-LCD3This display is hands down one of the best screens out there in the market.  The 1080P resolution on a 5 in. display comes at about 440 pixels per inch, and this is incredibly sharp.  This also means that it is virtually impossible for the human eye to distinguish individual pixels, and you would pretty much have to have your eyes touching the screen to tell the pixels apart (which I still think is impossible).  It's almost unbelievable to imagine that this display has the same resolution as most HDTV's in the market, all packed on a 5-in. screen.  Pictures are sharp, and videos offer ample detail.  The colors are also good as well, especially for an LCD.  Compared to other LCD's, this screen has a relatively high contrast, yet the color production remains very realistic.  Compared to AMOLED screens, you'll notice that the colors might not have as much pop and the blacks are not as deep, but what you get instead is a brighter screen with surprisingly accurate color reproduction.  Sunlight legibility was also good, but I have seen some other AMOLED displays to offer less reflection.Overall this display is pretty darn good, and the colors looked as if they were painted right on the screen.  I would have preferred the display to offer a little more contrast and saturation, but for an LCD screen it is definitely impressive.Software - HTC Sense 6.0 on top of Android 4.4.2 Kit KatLast time I extensively used HTC Sense was Sense 3.6 on the HTC Rezound, and Sense has definitely came a long way.  Sense 6.0 (or the Sixth Sense as HTC likes to call it) takes Sense 5.0 from last year's HTC One and makes it even more refined, so it's less in-your-face type of deal.  This version is the closest that Sense has ever gotten to pure Stock Android, but it offers some features that aren't on stock.  The home-screen pages are still organized in a horizontal fashion, with Blinkfeed on the left-most home screen pane.  For those who don't know, Blinkfeed is HTC's aggregator of information, where it takes information from sources and shows you the headlines in a clean and colorful catalog that you can scroll through.  Facebook, Twitter, CNN, ........the sources are almost endless.  You just pick your content and it will show up instantly.  This is very, very similar to the popular Flipboard app, but it also includes information such as your personal calendar events and tasks, so in a way it offers an extra dimension on top of the Flipboard experience.  You can always remove it from the Home Screen should you find the need to do so.Apps and icons are arranged almostly exactly like Stock Android, but the custom widgets will differ.  The notification area and settings are very similar to Stock as well.  One thing that HTC added to improve usability is the addition of motion gestures (I would say this is derived from what LG and Samsung did with their phones).  Performing a specific gesture will make the phone react in a unique way.  For example, double-tapping the screen when the phone is locked will wake the screen up (double-tapping again will put it back to sleep, but keep in mind that this only works on the lock screen as you cannot put the phone to sleep on the home screen. Also this solves the power button placement issue that was mentioned earlier).  Swiping the screen to the right during sleep will open Blinkfeed.  There are also a few other motion gestures, and allows people to get to what they need right away. All in all, the software experience is very clean and smooth, and I have yet to encounter a hiccup in the process.HTC still likes to offer chances to really personalize your phone, where you can change the color schemes and other aspects.  It's a nice addition because some people will find Stock to be a little boring.  I would say HTC has achieve a balance where there are enough customization options to keep the device fresh, but not to the point of being overwhelmed with extra tidbits.Performance / Battery Life -Performance-wise, this thing flies.  The quad-core Snapdragon 801 processor is able to manager numerous apps without a hint of stuttering, and everything feels snappy.  I'm not going to go into the Quadrant or Antutu or any sort of benchmark, but it is definitely a noticeable improvement in speed compared to last year's flagships.One of the biggest surprises with this phone was the battery life.  HTC has had a long history of making phones with poor battery life, and last year's HTC One was merely acceptable.  With this new One, HTC claims to have a 40% improvement, and this claim is accurate.  I never have the feeling of having to carry my charger with me, and I have confidence in this phone making it through the whole day, even with heavy usage.  I charge this every other day, but with my older Galaxy S3 I had to charge it every night (sometimes multiple times a day).  HTC knows battery life is going to be a big concern, and they effectively addressed this problem through software optimization and the use of an efficient processing chipset.Call Quality / Antenna Reception -Calls were very clear, even though I wished they were louder.  I didn't experience any dropped calls or moments where the conversation fell through.  As for the level of reception, it was decent, but not excellent.  Some phones like the older Motorola phones are able to get at least 1 bar of signal even in the most tight remote locations, and this HTC One is not quite up to that level yet.  So far I have not had any issues with reception, and I would say the signal connection is better than most.Camera -This phone uses the 4 ultrapixel configuration (technically still 4 MP) to take photos, plus it has an extra lens for depth focus.  The image quality is passable, not great.  The camera really shines under low-light conditions, but in normal instances the image quality needs improvement.  The sharpness of the photos is lacking, and there is quite a bit of noise coming from the background.  This is one area where I wished HTC would focus more on, but this is far from the worst camera I've seen.The camera software interface makes up for the image quality, as the phone enables you to change up the photos in various scenes and settings.  Some aspects of particular note are the UFocus feature and the 3D effect (I don't know if there is an official name for it).  UFocus allows you to shift the focus on various objects by blurring out other objects in the background, and this is starting to become a really common feature among the high-end phones.  The 3D effect allows you to tilt the camera after you have taken the photo in order to get a 3D peripheral around the object, very much like the Photo Sphere on Stock Android.  There are so many ways to tweak your photos where you might end up forgetting which is the original.Video quality is less of a letdown, but the 1080p recording falls behind the competition just a tad.  Motions are smooth, but the phone could use a bit more anti-shake counters to deliver a better video recording experience.Miscellaneous -Boomsound: This is HTC's front-facing dual stereo speaker system, and it pumps out really strong sound.  I was surprised that in addition to the volume output, the clarity of voices and instruments was very sharp, and the whole sound experience was very-well rounded.  This phone could almost clarify as a wireless speaker, and I never had to worry about missing a phone call because I couldn't hear the ringtone going off.HTC Advantage - This is their &#34;service program&#34; where it guarantees that you get a free replacement phone if you crack your screen in the first 6 months, software updates for 2 years, 50GB cloud storage for 2 years, and some other goodies.Conclusion - This is just a really quick rundown on the initial impressions of this phone, and I can tell this thing can hold its own ground for the time to come.  The premium design/build, gorgeous display, and outstanding processing performance are the biggest advantages for this machine, complemented by the stellar UI experience.  Even though the camera may leave much to be desired and the size may be a turn-off for some, the new HTC One M8 is made for the work-hard, play-hard enthusiast who seeks a reliable, well-rounded smartphone.

My favorite phone yet.  I like many other reviewers owned the m7 before this phone.  Wasn't sure about this phone being bigger but I don't even notice.  The m7 was an awesome phone and the m8 takes it to the next level.  Battery on this phone is awesome, so is the screen and front facing speakers.  One thing that gets mixed reviews is the camera.  I'm no pro at taking pics but the camera seems to take pretty good pics and has a lot more editing features I have yet to use.  The expandable memory wasn't a deal breaker for me but I have to say I'm happy HTC brought that back with this phone.  I'm very happy I upgraded to this phone.  HTC just keeps making them better and better.

I'll keep this short.I was offered the opportunity to upgrade my device via the Edge program.  I had the galaxy s4 and still had a year remaining on my contract so I figured why not take the chance on the M8, camera be damned.  As soon as I got the phone I felt a pang of guilt for surrendering my S4,  I mean the S4 was a great, speedy and such a light- weight phone that snapped vivid photos,  and I felt a sense of loyalty to the brand.  However a week later with this device I can actually say that it was gamble that truly paid off.  Other than the obvious metal design, this phone makes a lot of sense: headset jacks at the bottom of the phone,  loud front-facing speakers,  32gb of internal storage, the ability to waken the phone by tapping on the screen (though trying to compensate for placing the power button on top of the phone), and lastly HTC refused to spam the phone with useless gimmicks. In terms of the camera,  the phones Achilles  heel, I've managed to capture great-looking photos.  I can't complain nor have any regrets.  People complaining about the camera on this phone and other insignificant details remind me of my coworker who complains that when he gets home from work all he looks forward to is cracking open a beer and play video games but all his wife ever wants to do is have sex.  You figure it out.

Headphone jack broke after 9 days of owning phone. Partly due to fact it's on bottom of phone (terrible idea.) But somehow my 2 1/2 year old Sony headphones survived just fine and are still working perfectly. I had a Droid Razr Maxx for 2 years with no problems as well as Zune, Ipod's Razr 3, flip phones you name it never broke a headphone jack.Does not have hdmi port which Razr Maxx did have. New android Kit Kat is also bad. Removes back button and Menu button and gives you window button as replacement. This is basically getting rid of two hardware buttons because you could use window function in previous android OS ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) by holding menu botton. Hardware buttons actually are not standalone buttons but in screen. This sometimes results in accidently hitting menu button while playing games. Although it does go to full screen view in videos and pictures as well as certain games and apps which is nice.Processing speed is good as advertised and battery will last all day. But i am more experienced in monitoring apps opposed to average user. I had to go change every app individually to not allow notifications (time consuming!.) This includes every single app on phone. Apps like calculator, because that uses notifications right?Lock screen will factory restore your lock screen if guessed wrong 10 times. That's right delete everything if someone grabs your phone and decides to mess with it and you have no option to turn this off. There are no 3rd party apps that work either because home button will override 3rd party apps. Had to install backup app and allow them to access my information and put on a "secure" cloud.Sound is ok, but would still much rather plug into speakers, oh yeah I can't now because my headphone jack doesn't work..Keyboard doesn't have option to turn off auto correct with suggestions. You can't view the time of call in call history. Last of all customer service at HTC is terrible and wastes your time more than this review.Phone doesn't show up on computer half the time when inputting through usb. Have to unplug replug, I'm scared to see how bad it works down the line if ports are brand new.Network connection is shaky, much worse than Razer maxx. On Verizon network constantly get 1x data speed in places I used to get 4g with other phone. I had 1x on the border of Columbus a major city.Screen timeout ignores app priveledges like stay awake.  Turned to auto screen timeout and dims when lyric visualizer turned on.

Love my new phone. I like to research out all phones to find one that meets my needs and wants and this worked out. Battery life is longer which is huge for me.

The best smartphone I ever used so far. Big screen, fast response, slim body, good battery, interesting due-camera. The only thing that I feel less perfect is the build quality. The bottom edge of the screen glass is not well attached to the plastic part for speaker. I can feel the uneven surface. If possible, I would like to rate 4.5. Overall, it is a very good smartphone.

Battery started failing on DNA, so had to get a new phone off contract.  The one I got did not have a nanoSIM card, so I had to go to Verizon with the phone (IMEI) to get one. They said they HAD to activate the card in store.  Of course, had to make sure it did not affect my plan.  The DNA had a microSIM card.Speakers are great.Yet to try the camera thoroughly, but will soon.  As long as the quality is better or at least as good as the DNA, I will be more than happy.  I mostly take photos of dogs that are up for adoption at the local animal shelter.  Action shots are not necessary except in HD video.Surprised that the LG G3 for Verizon is at a much lower retail price for off contract than this m8 which has been out for a while now.I do like that they made the pattern lock smaller and at the bottom of the screen where the thumb naturally is.When I start from locked, it goes to Google Search. I need to find out how to make that stop.

I have had this for about a month now. Still learning some of the features, but I am primarily a business user. I have no complaints. It sets up fast and simple. One of the desired features was the volume and overall sound quality. I have to say that I don't have to have the volume all the way up as in other smart phones, to carry on a conversation.I don't use it for video or music, so I can't comment on it other to say it appears it would perform to my satisfaction.

This phone is the best phone I ever had. Solid construction, great performance, superb sound quality. The camera is really good to the point that my wife is dropping her Iphone 5 to get one as well. Battery life is good for a complete day of heavy usage. It needs a case because it slips out of hands very easy without a case.

. I've used many phones even have the Galaxy Note 3 and this compares quite well I love the build. Personally I use both on the same line go back and forth I like switching it up. The m8 uses the Nano Sam know nano SIM. So I have to use an adapter to go back to my micro sim in the note 3. Personally I like a build on a gadget in this one is built as good as they get. I've used it for almost a week now my only drawback would be the permanent battery I like to be able to switch back and forth with new battery. But the screen is totally whack great. And the speakers blow me away. I love the 4G reception it's better than my note 3 and also it's just snapped earlier and faster the note 3. Snappier and faster. Sorry using my voice to text and it will not let me correct my errors for some reason on my note 3.honestly 1 can go wrong with any of these know if entries into they android fieldcan't go wrong. I don't think I'm not one to nitpick. But I do need my note three things like the video editor and to be able to go lol dongle which I can't seem to do on the m8.I have no complaints about the camera the little bit I have used it I really like the pictures its very simple to use and as far as quality I ate can't see much difference between the camera on my note 3 and this m8.so anyway I have owned just probably a dozen different Android smartphones and iPhones included. I would still probably rate overall the note 3 as the best phone I have ever owned and this would be a close second. Followed by the note 2 in the 3-position and the s4 in the fourth position. Hope I help somebody with all my gibberish. Thank you would recommend a buying this phone if you're up for an upgrade I bought mine out right. Or I would lose my verizon unlimited. So 615 maybe to spend itsorry I spent $650 for it on Amazon. One of the gold color but it was not out yet. So I went with the dark grey. And I'll thank you

Finally a good smartphone, Don't like the Samsung interface. This interface makes sense. Easy to setup, easy to use, no bouncing around from screen to screen to work. Camera is great. Screen is phenomenal, battery lifer is very good. the size is just right. Get a case to make it easier to hold. took it to Europe and took pictures and pictures. came out great. I have not liked a smartphone since blackberry till now. Buy it. Beats the iPhone.

Don't hesitate to get this phone. Great finish. Very responsive. I would reccomend this phone to anyone who likes the Android OS.

I was amazed at the adverse customer comments about the poor quality of the HTC customer service and having to pay a fee for replacing a defective, new device.  Those comments certainly changed my mind about buying an HTC product.  I recommend others receiving  the same unsatisfactory service and charges report them to the BBB and to their credit card companies.

I've had this phone as a replacement for my stolen HTC One (M7) since April and so far, I couldn't praise it more. It's fast, responsive, durable, has an amazing screen with clear and loud speakers, pretty good battery life, and the list goes on. I would say the biggest downsides to it are the rear camera lense is easy to scratch, even if you never lay it down and always have a case on it; the camera could be a bit more consistent, it goes from some amazing pictures to meh pictures in Auto; and if you have a microSD card in, you can hear it rattle around when you take phone calls.Otherwise, there have been no glaring faults aside from being advertised as having the Ultra Power Saving mode and Verizon still hasn't updated it to add that feature but with an average of 14-20 hours of battery life, it isn't missed all too much.

I love this phone. I was an HTC user a few years back with the Incredible and loved that phone. Then was influenced by a Verizon sales person to move to the Nexus for my next phone. Nexus was fine, but really missed the HTC phone. Glad this came out and glad I didn't hesitate. If HTC keeps making this kind of quality phone I will never buy another manufacturer phone again.What I missed most about HTC phones was simply call quality. I know a lot of people only worry about OS features...but my mobile is my only phone. So call quality is a huge part of it to me. With HTC speakers I never really have an issue hearing. Unlike other makes I have used (including iPhone and the Nexus). I just haven't found anything that measures up at this point. I'm sure something else does, but I haven't used it yet.

I've had the phone for 2 weeks and I know it takes a little while to get used to a new phone, but I don't love it. I had the Rezound before the RAZR that I just replaced and deeply regretted trading it for the RAZR so I was really excited to get a new HTC. I can't really complain about much except that I rarely hear the text ring because it's so quiet on it's highest volume. The camera is great! The speaker on the phone is really good too.

This is a classy elegant device that works extremely well.  I've been watching the One series with it's introduction a few years back on T-Mobile, but I have Verizon and honestly Verizon butchered their version of the One .Then the M7 arrived last year and I absolutely detested what was done with the sense ui .The new M8 is just right.

HTC  made two mistakes in the new HTC One(M8).1. It ignored criticism from many about its 4MP camera on its old model.  It kept 4MP camera and removed OIS. It went with complicated duo camera, which is mainly used for bokeh effect. I think higher megapixel with OIS is more important than bokeh effect. I understand higher megapixel does not mean high quality, but 4MP is just not enough. Minimum has to be 8MP. I would be happy if HTC just put whatever is used on Lumia 925/928(8MP + OIS).2. It went with soft buttons. That's OK, but what the hell is the HTC black bar under the soft button area. M8 display is increased to 5" from 4.7", but overall usable space on the screen  for the contents is same as its old model. This made M8 unnecessary bigger .I would give 4.5-5 stars if it does not have this two design problems.

First of let&#8217;s talk about specs, 5 inch full HD 1080p screen an all metal ergonomic unibody which allows or easy one-hand phone gestures. The display is beautiful and easy to read your favorite book on the go! The inside has a qualcomm snapdragon 801, 2GB of RAM, 32 GB of memory and a micro sd slot to upgrade storage to 128GB making this a mobile device with PC quality. The overall size allows for you to carry it in your pocket or a cute clutch purse.The features are some oldies with a few upgrades like BlinkFeed&#8482; but with customization of colors, themes and for the uber geek fonts, Helvetica anyone? Zoe&#8482; is still great for the mini Spielberg but now you can also add your own custom tunes if taking Danny Elfman jobs is your goal in life. The boom in BOOMSOUND&#8482; is much louder and you won&#8217;t need an external speaker for Shower Idol but it won&#8217;t replace hiring your little brothers friend to DJ your next party. Last the camera is even more amazing than the M7 with the new UFocus&#8482; that allows you after the photo has been taken to focus on the object you want and creating a blur for everything else. The return of UltraPixel&#8482; now with a duo cam is one of my favorite&#8217;s to show off around family and friends. Let&#8217;s say you are asked to take a photo but also feel your mug should be in the photo well duo cam allows you access to front and back camera&#8217;s at the #SameTime (not sure if that hashtag is still cool).HTC has raised the bar in the smartphone arena and proves why they are the leader in mobile devices year after year. Simply put the HTC One M8 is the best mobile device of 2104. HTC listens to their customers and gives them a high quality device for $199 with new contract or upgrade depending on carrier promotions.

The HTC One (m8) is a fantastic smartphone. It does everything you would want a smartphone to do. Its blazing fast and multitasks like nothing! This phone never gets bogged down! The HTC One (m8) is flawless in almost every aspect besides battery life, but in reality, most smart phones lack exceptional battery life. This phone is a must own for any smartphone lover!Pros: Build quality, speakers, screen, camera, processor, softwareCon's: Battery life

What a great phone. All the reviews are spot on. This IS a great phone. The screen is vivid and bright and the SD Card will allow you to load a lot of media extending the life of this device.I'm glad HTC was listening to their customers about including an SD Card slot as this was somewhat of a buying point for me.The only downside was there is too much bloatware on this phone (not HTC's fault but Verizon's). Most of it was/is useless to me. You make great apps and people WILL use it. You make crappy apps and people will want to learn to root their phone or find any means necessary to disable, hide or remove it (I am one of those people).There was only one app that I did find interesting and that was Scribble. If you like to write, share, create documents, blogs, etc. or even enter journal/diary entries, check this app out. The app was written by HTC.In conclusion...if you're on the fence about pulling the trigger, pull it. HTC makes excellent, beautiful phones. If you're considering coming over from iPhone, this is the best phone to switch to. It is beautiful on the outside and stable on the inside and you'll be wondering why you waited so long to leave Apple.

To start I have a few complaints, but they are mostly complaints about verizon. First. It took over 2 hours to activate my phone when it said five minutes. That is a gross underestimation and I'm not the only one who has had this problem. Second is the bloatware. I don't watch football so why would I want the NFL mobile app? At least give us the option to uninstall it. That storage space would be better spent empty. We know NFL is paying you to pre-install these sorts of apps. If you're going to do stuff like that, at least pass some savings on to the consumer. Rant overScreen: Smaller than my previous phone, the note 2, and I can definitely notice it, but it's not as bad as I thought it would be. At least it's not as small as an iPhone. PPI is the highest I've seen on a device. I love the crisp images and text, but I miss the vibrant colors from my old amoled screen. Honestly, it makes the device feel more &#34;adult&#34; and less cartoony and i can get over it.Sound: By far the best feature. It just makes sense to have front facing speakers on a phone. The quality is the best I've heard from a mobile. call quality is good as well. nuff saidBattery: So far it's been going about a day and has about a third life left. It's what I would expect from a premium device. Though the lack of a removable battery is a bit of a turn-off.Build quality: I've wanted a metal device for a long time. I'm disappointed samsung hasn't done something like this yet. Non-removable covers do make for a better looking device. It's a tradeoff that some will welcome and some will hate. It makes the build quality more on par with an apple device and I'm okay with it. The one actually reminds of an iphone in a lot of ways. If you removed the htc logo and slapped an apple sticker on it, a lot of people would probably think it was a new iphone. Only smartphone geeks would think otherwise.Camera: Great in low light, haven't done any outdoor testing. But it won't be replacing my dslr anytime soon. Smartphone cameras have never been a big selling point to me. It's a convenience and that's about it. I took maybe 100 or less pictures in the 2 years I owned my last phone. I'm not a &#34;selfie&#34; person either, so the front facing camera will never be used. Personally I would rather see front facing cameras go away.Operating System. Kit kat is the newest version as of this posting. A welcome feature for me is the ability to double tap the screen to wake. Especially since the unlock button is on the top of the screen. Which I HATE. I prefer it to be on the side of the phone. I hope kit kat sticks around for a while, because it seems like every time they do an update they make the phone slower. There's no reason a phone with a quad core and 2 gigs of ram should EVER lag. The system specs are comparable to my note 2 and yet my note 2 after 2 years was god awfully slow even after a factory reset. The only other feature I appreciate is that if you get a call from an unrecognized number, the phone will search the number for a match in the background. If there is a match it will show the name or business on the caller id. I got a call from the dentist office this morning and it wasn't in my phone so it searched it and found a match. All the other features are gimmicks. Having an IR blaster is just silly. Unless you lose your tv remote this will largely go unused by 90 percent of consumers. Most won't even realize it has an IR blaster.Sense UI: Seem less bloated than samsung's UI, which is welcome. It's better than my first htc phone (the eris) from 4 or 5 years ago. I like simplicity. Software buttons are okay, but I still prefer physical buttons. I can get over this.Other thoughts: I like how much faster the wifi is. I have a 105 mbps connection at home. My note 2 could barely hit 20 on the wifi. The one gets to about 75-85. I was having some connectivity issues with it while chromecasting. I couldn't seem to get youtube videos to play while I was watching some google play tv shows on the tv. Hopefully this will be resolved. Another feature I would like is the ability to make tv show playlists in the same way you can have a youtube que for chrome cast. I like to sleep with the TV on as it helps me get to sleep. I often wake up in the first few hours if the tv sound turns off and have to set another show to play.Conclusion: I like it more than any of the other options out there. I don't want an iphone because the screen is too small and samsung hasn't really done anything impressive other than a higher megapixel camera. I almost wanted to get the note 3 but i felt like the only reason I wanted it was for the 1080p screen. And its been out since last fall and will probably get an update soon. By far the selling points of this phone for me was the aluminum body, the speakers, and the high PPI screen. It's probably the best android phone you can buy for the next few months and will still be relevant for the rest of the year. My only regret was not going with an unlocked version.

Hardware:The design of this gadget is striking and gorgeous. Boasting a metal, slightly reflective sheen, this phone dazzles beneath the light. The display is even more brilliant. Despite the annoying inclusion of a wide bezel bearing the HTC logo on the bottom, the 5-inch 1080p LCD display is rich and vibrant. Forgoing any hardware buttons, the back, home, and multi-tasking buttons are now on-screen software keys.The front-facing boom-sound speakers are ridiculously loud and full, producing sound that bests my 11-inch Macbook Air if you can believe that. HTC claims the speakers are 25% louder than last year's One, and I believe it. This model includes support for micro-SD card expansion, which is always appreciated. Be aware that you will need to use a paperclip or sim-removal tool to access the port.The only problem is the slightly slippery-feel of the back and the awkward positioning of the power-button on top; but otherwise the design and form of this phone is near-flawless. You'll never want to put a case on this phone, as this beauty deserves to be admired.Software:Sense 6 is surprisingly classy and functional-- it is most definitely not stock Android, but it's miles ahead of anything Samsung or LG is putting out with their software overlays. The speed of this phone is unbelievably smooth and zippy; it's quite difficult to induce stuttering or lag while using this beast. I've had some experience with the Galaxy Note 3, and the HTC One M8 is quite a bit faster. The ability to choose from a few choices for the color theme of the UI is very cool, albeit a bit limited in options. There's a lot of HTC and Verizon bloatware pre-loaded, but luckily you can disable most of these apps.My favorite software features are, surprisingly enough, the motion launch gestures. These gestures allow you to turn on the phone by double-tapping the screen, launch BlinkFeed by swiping right, go straight to the widget panel by swiping left, skip the lock-screen by swiping up, and launching voice-commands by swiping down. The only quirk is that those gestures can only be used when the phone is in portrait-mode, meaning you can't use any of those gestures while the phone is flat on it's back when on a table; you first need to pick the phone up. Regardless, these gestures are appreciated due to the awkward positioning of the power-button on top of this tall phone. My favorite gesture is being able to hold the phone in landscape position and pressing the volume button to launch the camera. Every phone should have this feature!Camera:Speaking of the camera, how is it? It's average. The front-facing camera is 5 megapixels while the main duo cameras on the back are stunningly only 4 megapixels. The twin cameras on the back allow for refocusing of an image AFTER it has already been taken. This effect can be strikingly brilliant at times, and weirdly artificial the next. Low-light photos are very effective, but everything else is middle-of-the-road. You'll find noise and muddled detail frequently; and no refocusing gimmick can assuage those shortcomings.Battery:The battery is 2,600mAh lithium-polymer battery that gives decent, but not astounding performance. My first few days with the phone required a charge by the time evening came along, due to extremely heavy use. As my usage leveled out to a more typical, moderate day of usage, I was able to get through a whole day no problem.Conclusion:Beautiful industrial design, fantastic media-playback, blazingly-fast performance. What does all that mean? The HTC One M8 is a brilliant example of how to do an Android phone right. Sadly, the camera is a true downer. It's acceptable for the occasional Facebook or Instagram post, but if you're a camera-enthusiast, this isn't the phone for you. But for everyone else, if you asked me to recommend an Android phone, my answer will always be the all new HTC One.
