
Is good

I received the item ahead of time, i think i will credit it to the shipping company lazership. I think it is location dependent since lazership in GA is near our apartment.All of the functionality was working and there are no damage or scratches on the casing so i can confirm that the item is new.I give it a 5 since i dont have any bad experience on the product and on the shipment.I will recommend the company both shipping and seller.There are two more functionality that i need to test:1. the memory card expansion2. Is the phone an openline/unlocked for international SIMI'll update my comments once I already tested it.

This phone doesnt like me not enought upgrades still the same thing than s4. Comparing with an iphone 5s the iphone is much better.

So what are the pros? Well very loud audio and a bright screen. The cons, well here they are: The cover for the battery compartment is cheap and only snaps on the body. The cover for the data port opens by itself. The optional carry case does not allow for a belt clip so you must carry it in your pocket. The screen is flat with the front panel so the plastic protective cover lays on top of the phone. Unlike my Razr Maxx, the edges are exposed which in time will cause the edges to curl up. My much hated Razr Maxx has had the protective cover on for 2 years and you don't know it's there. Worse of all, the supplied keyboard is smaller in horizontal mode than the Razr Maxx. Now I ask you, why make the battery replaceable? No one will keep a Smart phone for more than 2 years anyway. My Motorola Razr Maxx is 2 years old and runs for 4 days on a charge. Granted I am not on it 24/7. Unless you have Eagle eyes, this is a bad phone.I hate apple and their iPhone crap. So why does Samsung have to make a phone smaller, thinner and lighter than the newest iPhone? Hell my Motorola Razr weighs 9.5 oz. If I can't carry that, what are we coming to.My suggestion, go to a Verizon, AT&T; or Walart and see the phone in person BEFORE you buy online. Mu new phone is going back to Verizon. While I hate the Motorola Razr, I can live without the 490.00 expense and another 2 years contract.To you phone manufacturers, small is NOT always better. Try making a phone with some substance. For now, I will keep my Razr.

Love these phones owned the S series sense the 2nd and none have let me down. They greatly improved these phones through the years and the s5 is the best yet. You sure as hell can't get a better one for your money.

I received a fake galaxy s5 from this seller, pretty good clone but upon inspection in was not real. Watch a comparison video! Make sure you have a real s5.

on the box it clearly states: AMERICAN SIM CARD ONLY....that should have been stated instead of &#34;International Verison&#34; don't you think?.....I'll be going to Jamaica in July (one of the main reason why i wanted an unlocked phone) and i can bet it won't work there....well i&#34;ll updated this review with the dreaded out come.

I got my phone on time and it was working fine until yesterday the camera stop working and now it only says... Camera Fails... i do not know to fix it... i need help please

Please I demand a solution to my problem! I have spent several days indicating that. This cell has not reached its destination. UPS did not deliver, they indicate that if it was delivered &#34;front of door.&#34; Do not understand how they can leave a product of much value without a signature of responsibility. I demand I hand over the phone or return my money

Embarrassingly, here is the list of phones that I've owned (that I can remember):Samsung Galaxy s5iPhone 5SSamsung Note 3Samsung Galaxy s4Blackberry BoldBlackberry CurveNokia E6Nokia X2iPhone 3GSiPhone 3GNokia 1100And many more that I can't remember.So I love Apple Computers, and the last decade has been marked by a love and hate relationship with the Apple ecosystem. I think the iPad is a great device (and I DON'T like the Galaxy line of tablets). I really enjoy MacBooks in all sizes and shapes. But the iPhone stopped evolving with the 3GS, and they are now playing catch up with Samsung.The s5 is the game changer. I have been using this phone for a month now and can, without hesitancy, say that this is the best phone on the market. In addition, it is actually cheaper than the iPhone 5S! The speed, the beautiful photography, the performance, the sound - everything is better. The iPhone 5S was a bit clunky and would sometimes randomly scroll on its own. This phone doesn't do that. It is seamless.STEVE JOBS would have preferred this phone.In addition to all the other additions, this phone is indestructable. It can withstand dust storms, rain storms, etc. I have to deal a lot of this as a development worker in Africa. This phone can take it all.

Really fast, great Batery, I love it!

I got my hands on one of these a couple of days ago and absolutely love it.Pros:- It's very thin and light, yet sturdy.- The CPU runs fast and performance isn't an issue with the applications I need it for, which is mostly web development.- The camera is outstanding.- The picture is of a very high quality, you can't see any pixels and the colors are vividCons- In hindsight i think that i should have opted for the cleaner looking black version instead :http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J7Y5T42/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00J7Y5T42&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20It's hard to find cons because it's such a great device, maybe I'll add some later.

amazing :)

This is an AMAZING phone. Very fast, brilliant screens with a excelent camera. The new sensors adds a great set of features.

Works great just as description

Great phone. This international unlocked version comes with an international charger which I cannot use in the US, but other than that all my expectations where met. The phone was in a sealed package. It came in perfect condition and all expected accessories were included.I have Straight Talk, so all I had to do was purchase a $6.99 ATT SIM card conversion from Straight Talk and call their customer service to get the APN settings correct and I was good to go. For those who might be struggling with the APN or who just don't want to hassle with customer service, they give me the following info and it worked:Name: STRAIGHT TALKAPN: tfdataMMS APN: tfdataMMSC: [...]MMS proxy: mms3.tracfone.comMMS Port: 80

I just purchased a new Samsung Galaxy s 5 because I used have a s 3 before and dropped it in the sea water and it didn't work anymore. The s 5 is water resistant and i was told that it could be in 1-meter deep water for 30 minutes. The s 5 is not just has that feature, but works better, smother than s 3. But the charger plug-in is nightmare it's designed so bad that it's very difficult to plug in the phone. I have to charge my phone every day like anybody else, but every single time I struggle to plug the charger wire into the phone, and besides, it's very easy to come off! The s 3's plug-in works perfect fine, and I don't know why Samsung changed the design.

nice!

this cell phone is very good, but can you tell me this cell phone is att or T-moible, you told me this is factory unlocked, and you said i can use it in China, but i have tried, it is does not work in China, i just hope you can give me a answer, thank you so much!

had a Motorola Droid that I cracked my screen on that was great and battery life forever SO I UPGRADED . Now I have been on samsung remote help for 4 days and about 1-11/2 hrs each day trying to keep my e-mail working and syncing with this phone. They all go in re do everything and it works for 1-6 hrs. Then quits syncing again with my computer and won't refresh. i have been told everything and lastly this phone can't do that ? WHAT? How do you explain working for periods of time ? I have never had this problem with past i-phones or Droids. BAD MISTAKE ON MY PART GETTING THIS PHONE. Have not had this phone a week yet and have benn fixing it every day.

phone works perfectly , very big screen , very slim .... but didnt get the real s5 cable...does not  support 4g....

The Samsung Galaxy S5 offers more of an evolutionary step forward in Samsung's S series smartphones than a revolutionary new phone. There are plenty of new features and advances with the S5 but those who already own a S4 likely will not be rushing to get the S5. I'm coming from an iPhone 4S so the S5 offers a lot of new features for me and provides plenty to love.FEATURES & UPGRADES FROM S4:1. SIZE: The S5 is slightly larger at 5.59" x 2.85" x 0.32" and weighing in at 5.11 oz compared to the S4 at 5.38" x 2.75" x 0.31" and weighing at 4.59 oz. The S5 is lightweight and feels good in my hand.2. DURABILITY: If there is one new feature on the S5 that is a game changer it's got to be the IP67 certification. IP67 certified means the S5 has total protection against dust and can survive being underwater for up to 30 minutes at a depth of 1m or less. In order to be protected against water the S5 has a little plastic plug to cover the charging jack on the bottom of the phone. This needs to be in place and the back must be properly snapped into place to prevent water damage. I'm not about to test the IP67 certification however the guys at TechSmartt performed 2 water tests on the S5 that can be viewed on YouTube. First they let the S5 sit in pool at a depth of 1m for 1 hour, not 30 minutes. Second they sent the S5 through a normal wash cycle in a washing machine while in the pocket of a pair of jeans. In both tests, the S5 survived and functioned perfectly afterward.The durability of the S4 came under fire after many people reported cracked screens after minor drops. Samsung stuck with a plastic back for the S5 but did improve upon the durability of the smartphone. In separate drop tests again conducted by TechSmartt, the S5 faired better than the S4 and better than the iPhone 5s. However the S5 didn't fair as well as the durably built HTC One M8. The tests are a decent indication but should also be taken at face value since there is no way to ensure each phone fell the same way.3. SCREEN: The S5's new screen is nothing short of stunning. The S5 screen is 5.1" which is slightly larger than the 5.0" screen on the S4. The resolution remains 1080 x 1920 pixels so the pixel density is slightly less at 432 ppi. The screen does look noticeably better than the S4's screen and has richer colors, better contrast, whiter whites, and blacker blacks than my iPad 3 when viewing identical images.Displaymate who extensively tests smartphone screens said the S5's screen is "the best performing smartphone display that we have ever tested." Displaymate's tests indicted the S5 screen is 22% brighter than the S4 and 13% brighter than the Note 3. The S5 also has outstanding color accuracy. In addition it features a Professional Photo Mode that provides an accurate calibration to the Adobe RGB standard, this is a rare feature in consumer displays.4. CAMERA: The S5 sports a 16MP camera rear camera up from 13MP in the S4. The front facing camera remains pretty much the same at 2.1MP. The S5's 1/2.6" sensor is larger being closer in size to sensors from P&S; cameras than smartphones. The AF is also speedier with the S5 due to its hybrid use of phase detection and contrast detection AF. The S5 is the first camera on a smartphone to use phase detection AF, which is commonly found in DSLR cameras. Other smartphones only use contrast detection AF that simply focuses by measuring the contrast between nearby pixels. This type of AF tends to be slower and not work well if shooting in situations where there isn't much contrast. Phase detection AF however focuses by comparing the actual light received by sensors.COMPARING S5 & 5s IMAGES: Comparing daytime images shot with the S5 against images of the same subject shot with the iPhone 5s, the Samsung's images disappoint in spite of being 16MP vs 8MP with the 5s. At 16MP the S5's resolution is 2988x5312. The images are therefore at a 16:9 ratio. The iPhone 5s's resolution is 2448x3264. The images are therefore at a 4:3. When viewing images shot with the iPhone at 100%, they look sharp across the frame, even in the corners. Images shot with the S5 when viewed at 100% look oversharpened and blotchy. The center sharpness is passible but the edges are soft and the corners have absolutely no detail. If downsizing the images from the Samsung S5 so the lower number, 2448, is the same as the iPhone's the center sharpness between the 2 camera's images is almost indistinguishable but the edge sharpness and corner sharpness from the iPhone 5s blows away that from the Samsung S5.COMPARING S5 & 5s CAPTURE TIME: Both the S5 and the 5s are speedy when it comes to focusing and taking pictures. Holding the S5 in one hand and 5s in another, pressing the shutter buttons at the same time, then turning to take a picture of a new subject, pressing the shutter buttons again, and repeating this process several times, the iPhone 5s is a split second faster than the S5. It's not substantial enough to make big difference for most applications but worth knowing. The images from both cameras when doing so were in focus.5. VIDEO: The S5 will shoot 4K videos with a resolution of 3840x2160 compared to 1080P videos with the S4. Videos look great with S5 and the stabilization works very well. Sometimes when recording the screen will look at little jiggly but in playback the video looks smooth. I have no way to test its 4K capabilities.6. PROCESSOR: The S5 is a very snappy smartphone. This is due to the new Qualcomm's Snapdragon 801 chip. It features a quad core, 2500mHz processor which speedier than the quad core, 1900mHz processor in the S4. The S5's memory remains the same at 2GB.7. STORAGE EXPANSION: I love that the S5 along with other Android smartphones allow storage expansion through a microSD card slot. This can be used for music, videos, books, pictures, and other files. It is also possible to move downloaded apps, not preinstalled apps, to the microSD card. To do so, go to Settings, Application Manager, SD card, and then select the downloaded app you want to move to the microSD card. The S5 will allow up to a 128GB micro SD card that is double the 64GB with the S4.8. BATTERY & CHARGING: The S5 features a 2800mAh battery which is slightly larger than the 2600mAh battery in the S4. The S5 has good battery life ratings. The talk time of the S5 is rated at 21 hours while the standby time is 16.2 days. Being a new phone, I've been using it quite a bit. Even at that, I find that I only have to charge the S5 every 1 1/2 days. The S5's battery life is significantly better than my iPhone 4s which I had to charge at least once a day and better than my wife's 5s which has to be charged every day. Charging the S5 using the USB 3.0 Micro cable provided, the phone charges at a rate of 1% per minute with it slowing down slightly when the phone hits 80%. I'm able to fully charge the S5 when the battery is at 20% in about 1 1/2 hours.9.  CONNECTIVITY: The S5 features USB 3.0 connectivity for speedier transferring of files compared to USB 2.0 with the S4. It also features wireless AC. Wireless is extremely fast with the S5 if you have an AC router. It is about 4-5x faster than the wireless N on my iPhone 4s.10. HEART RATE SENSOR: One of the more talked about additions to the S5 is the heart rate sensor on the back of the phone. The heart rate sensor seems to be very accurate from what I know about my normal heart rate. I haven't had any wild readings thus far. The phone has simple How To tutorial if using for the first time. The mistake I made the first few times using it was pressing too hard on the sensor. The result was an error message. The sensor only requires a little touch from your finger.My complaint with Samsung's "S Health" app which the heart rate sensor is part of is that you are unable to use the heart rate sensor while using the exercise portion of the app. Sadly, that is when I'm most likely to use the heart rate sensor; when I'm running, walking, or hiking. Hopefully Samsung will change this in a future update. If the heart rate sensor is a feature you will use make sure you purchase a case with a large enough opening for your finger to touch the sensor. Some of the cases I've read about have a cut out only the size of the sensor. This makes it extremely difficult to get your finger in the opening in order to touch the sensor.11. FINGERPRINT SCANNER: Another very talked about new addition to the S5 is its finger scanner to unlock your phone, make payment via PayPal, and purchase content with Samsung services. The S5 requires you to swipe your finger, starting above the home button and moving down through the center of the home button. With the iPhone 5s you simply place your finger on the Touch ID button. The fingerprint scanner works from any angle with the 5s. The design makes the 5s easier to unlock than the Samsung because it can be done with one hand whereas the design on the Samsung requires me to use both hands, one for holding the phone and the other to swipe my finger. With the Samsung you can assign different fingers to perform different tasks, like right pointer finger to make PayPal payment.My wife has the iPhone 5S so I've setup both and unlocked the phones with both. Both are easy to setup. The Samsung allows you to register 3 fingerprints whereas the iPhone 5S allows 5. Here is where I buck the trend of all the tech writers complaining about the reliability of the S5's fingerprint scanner. While I prefer the design of the iPhone's fingerprinter scanner, the S5 more reliably scans my fingerprint to unlock the phone. The only time I've had a problem unlocking my S5 with the fingerprint scanner is while I'm running; I just can't get a smooth enough swiping motion. Outside of running, the fingerprint scanner on the S5 unlocks my phone on the first try 90-95% of the time. I haven't needed more than 2 tries. The iPhone in comparison only unlocks the phone on the first try about 75-80% of the time and sometimes I need 3 tries to do so.12. ULTRA POWER SAVE MODE: This is a great feature to have if your battery is getting low. Switch on the Ultra Power Save Mode to maximizes your remaining battery life. This feature switches to a black and white mode, turning off all colors. It also restricts background data and allows only low power communications like texting and calling.I've started to use the Ultra Power Save Mode overnight to conserve battery life, no sense in letting the battery drain as the phone just sits there for hours. I still receive texts and calls. After I disable the mode in the morning I have to update my email and weather. Switching to Ultra Power Save Mode, the battery only depletes by 1% overnight! Not in the Ultra Power Save Mode the battery loses 5-15% overnight.PROS:1. Amazing looking screen. Displaymate says the S5 screen is "the best performing smartphone display that we have ever tested."2. IP 67 certified. Protection against dust and water immersion up to 1m.3. According to drop tests from TechSmartt the S5 is more durable than S4 and iPhone 5s.4. Professional Photo Mode for screen that calibrates it according to Adobe RGB standards.5. Uses a hybrid between phase detection and contrast detection for accurate and speedy AF.6. Shoots 4K videos.7. Very fast processor. The S5 is snappy.8. 10.85GB of free storage space on new 16GB phone. Allows storage expansion up to 128GB through microSD card slot.9. Heart rate sensor that is easy to use and seems to be accurate. The sensor is good for those who exercise or benefit from closer monitoring of heart rate for health reasons.10. Features wireless AC connectivity. 4-5x faster than wireless N.11. Fingerprint scanner works more reliably for me than iPhone 5s.12. Good battery life. Rated at 21 hours of talk time.13. Ultra Power Save Mode maximizes battery life. Great if battery is running low or for overnight use.14. Unlocked version doesn't have all the bloatware that is present on the carrier versions of the phone. The carriers typically preinstall many of their own apps which are the same or similar to Google's apps that come preinstalled.CONS:1. Has plastic back instead of more durable aluminum unibody like the HTC One M8.2. Disappointing image quality for a 16MP camera. Not as good as the 8MP camera on the iPhone 5s. Daylight images are oversharpened, blotchy, have soft edges, and no detail in the corners.3. Design of fingerprint scanner requires me to use both hands unlike iPhone 5s which I can unlock with one hand.SUMMARY:Samsung's new flagship smartphone the Galaxy S5 is a wonderful phone. I've only had iPhones up until now but was seeking specific features, features that the S5 had. I love having the larger 5.1" screen. It is fantastic looking, having more vibrant colors, better contrast, and whiter whites and blacker blacks than my iPad 3. Another feature that sold me that the iPhone 5S is lacking is wireless AC. It provides very speedy downloads and internet experience. Of the upgrades from the S4 the IP67 certification and increased durability have to be the most significant. The S5 has very good battery life, is very snappy with its 2500mHz quad core processor, and the Ultra Power Save Mode is a nice addition.While the camera focuses and captures images very quickly, its image quality is disappointing for a 16MP camera. I love that I can cheaply pick up a 32GB microSD card to store pictures, music, videos and even transfer apps onto, something I couldn't do with an iPhone. Having used the fingerprint scanner in the iPhone 5s and S5, I prefer the fingerprint scanner with the Samsung because it works more reliably for me. I highly recommend the Samsung S5 for anyone looking to upgrade or in the market. It may not be revolutionary enough to make S4 owners jealous but still is a mighty impressive phone.

Love it. Works  well. I get to enjoy my favorite apps on the go. It was a worthwhile purchase. I would invest in Galaxy again. Cant wait for the S6??

I bought this phone for myself, and I could not be more satisfied.Like any other phone, I put mine to the test on the first day out of the box, already testing its water resistant and dust resistant capabilities. It has not failed me. The screen is strong and well built, with Guerrilla 3 glass, what would you expect? Not a single scratch. But, the sides are still made of plastic, just like the other Galaxies before the s5. It is stong but if you drop it it may chip off, leaving you with a white plastic colour that's barely noticeable. That's when I recommend a good case for it. But do not worry this phone's only 'fault' is the plastic on the side (which can be improved).Phone is super fast and very smooth, no need for a protective screen on it but if you want to get one, get the ArmourSuit one:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IMU39IK/ref=ox_ya_os_product_refresh_T1It has not failed me and I know this phone will be with me for a long time.Resistance: 9/10 - rating due to plastic sideWeight: 2/10 - incredibly light withought caseWater and dust resistance: 10/10Battery life: 10/10 - 8+ hours easily.Great product, would recommend!

Bought 2 s5 phones which are working well, however one of the battery is already overheating which makes the phone very hot.

Best buy for international phone

It's a great phone. It's probably a little bigger than of what I was used to but the camera is great and all the other specifications.  It is super slim and not heavy. With the unlocked I had at first problems to activate it due to an employee at a store that didn't want to activate it so he told me that my phone was probably not unlocked so I contacted the seller and they were there all the time to help me. Finally I tried in another place and it works perfect. I'm so pleased with this buy.

Great device, useful in Colombia.

I received the phone before the estimated delivery date. It was exactly what I expected to receive based on the description listed. My only issue with the phone is the battery life even while in power saver mode, it really burns through the power! To the phone's credit,  I've been using it far more often than usual while trying to get a feel for it. All in all,  great purchase!

I was very disappointed in receiving this phone. First issue I had was that it wont do 4G LTE despite the answers given from people inquiring about the phone. Secondly was the packaging; didn't have the standard Samsung screen protector on it , just a clear one. They also didn't include the USB 3.0 cable! they packaged it with the standard micro cable. I can say that it's a real Galaxy S5, but I think a 3rd party repackages the contents and then ship them out. The side of the box said for &#34;Americas/ Carribean&#34; SIM only!

I couldn't be happier with my phone. When i asked jess i was able to have my phone upgraded to 2-3 day shipping so I would have to go without a phone. She messaged me back promptly and even paid for the Upgrade to shipping.

Love It! It makes my girlfriend happy.

The phone is great but I'm not so please with the charger I got with it. The usb I got wasn't the genuine s5 USB, it didn't have the broader section where you plug into the phone. It was like an s4 USB.  Also the charger adapter in which u plug the USB in wasn't the one I wasn't the one I was expecting either. I was unable to plug the adapter in a wall outlet. I had to buy an additional section to plug onto the adapter so I can plug it into the wall to charge. Maybe this was described in the description of this product but I wasn't aware of it. Overall tho I love the phone.

cellphone is good&#65292; but the shipping is so slowly&#65281;&#65281;

Since day one I've had trouble with receiving signal on my phone. I have t-mobile which the signal itself kind of sucks but with this phone I have almost one bar of signal and have to go outside or leave it still in order to get my messages or phone calls. Anyone else experiencing this problem?

Exactly what I waited for!  Perfect

I needed a phone to use when I travel to brasil and it worked fine. No complaints about the service or the phone.

I used a galaxy S2 before i bought this phone, so for me it's a big upgrade. My galaxy S2 started lagging(crashing and taking up too much ram memory) on newer applications, it was too slow. Galaxy S5 is super fast and and smooth, everything is just better than my old phone. I bought it from the seller "WorldWide Distributors".

I had a galaxy 1-4 and loved them. The s5 is the worst phone I have ever used. Calling someone is slow. Yes. CALLING. YOU KNOW THE BASIC FUNCTION OF A PHONE RIGHT YES CALLING IS LAGGY. The screen looks great but doing everything is very bad. Traded it back for an HTC one m8 and it is muuuuch better. If you want a galaxy go for the 4 or get an HTC one m8.

The camera don t work, I need a solution

The phone arrived on time and in top condition.That being said, I cannot activate it with my Israeli sim, as it keeps popping the "SIM network unlock PIN" message, and I do not have a PIN number. I understood that the phone is supposed to be unlocked, but it doesn't seem so. It is very plausible that the problem here is me, not knowing the difference between a sim lock and a device lock, but still I cannot make the phone work, which is very frustrating.Update -It appears that in order for my phone to work internationally, I need to make a "cumulative call of over five minuted with an American sim". How am I supposed to do that when I'm 10 flight hours away from America??? Seriously disappointed and unhappy, will probably return it soon if won't find a solution.

Love it!!!!

I love this phone so far. It's nice and big enough for my needs. I am also happy with my battery life. The only complaint i have is that some of the games that I love like Angry birds, star wars 2 is refusing to install on my phone. I don't know why. Is it only my phone or is it all galaxy S5? or is it just the unlocked version? I have no idea. The phone is very pricey if you buy the unlocked version like me. Carrier branded versions are much cheaper but they are bloated with carrier junk apps that you cannot uninstall unless root it.

In love with my new smartphone &#9829;

It's almost perfect.  The only flaw is that the S5 cable will not charge S4 and vice versa !  What is wrong with you techo guys at Samsung.  With multiple phones in the house, its a ROYAL PAIN to check which cable is getting plugged into a particular phone.How can a standard be so non-standard ?

Love it.... :)

I just  been using the phone for a few days and gets me crazy.  I have updated the software.  I fully restored.  And keep failing.The touch screen sometimes didn't work.The earphone plug keep activated.And a lot problems.I'm from Venezuela.  And it's hard to send back to usa.  To warranty or something.

phone stopped charging after less than a week of use. never dropped it, never fell in water. Im hugely disappointed!  $590 bucks for one week!?

Excellent phone love ir

We use Straight Talk in the US and therefore we need to buy our phones outright.  Keep in mind, that since this is the international version it doesn't have LTE capabilities, but it does have HSPA+.  It also didn't come with the charging cable that people who buy at AT&T or Verizon get, it just had a standard MicroUSB charging cable.  If you get the USB 3.0 charging cable, your phone will charge much faster.  Also, due to being an international version, there is no phone company branded software built into the phone.

Great Job I love it

This is the best phone on the market. the only reason i didn't give it five stars is because samsung should have added three gigs of ram, like they did on the note series, and done something better with the speaker. but it is seriously fast, stocked with tons of features, and sports a beautiful screen. it feels really good in the hand, and the screen is sharper than you might imagine. there are many reasons for upgrading from the s4, including waterproof, much better processor, gpu and chipset, ten times better camera with 4k video, one hand usage feature, google now on any page without widget, and many, many more. their are youtube vids of this phone being dropped from a two story building, and still worked. also they put it in a washing mahine for three cycles with no damage, and it still worked perfectly. the only thing is don't buy it from worldwide distributors, as they ship you the wrong phone, with the wrong accessories, with the documentation and phone in russian. there are many others who do a much better job for you. i think worldwide, has most of the negative comments deleted, and it bolsters their reputation. they are very apathetic, and told me to deal with samsung, over their mistakes. so get this phone, just don't get it from them.

Will not get into technical details. Phone was sent to Turkey and it's been working fine. We didn't even use a US SIM Card and it still worked!

bad

Excelent

Phone is arrived with European charger kit and mini usb. .it has to be usb 3 charger cable. ..

I had the Gs3, skipped to the S5 - Just bought a GOOGLE PLAY GT-I9505G S4 edition about a month ago for $700  - just saw this savings :(  [...]

The best !!!

Samsung phones are the worst phones in the world. Never again will I buy a samsung phone. The company has the worst customer service and warranty.

Great product!

Anything bad that comes my phone and buy it on June 14 and nothing

I want to buy one but does it have warranty????

nice phone thanks

This phone is great! It works on the network in Jamaica and in the US with no problems. I'm really enjoying this phone!

Am a great android fan and I just love the S5! Just can't wait for the Note 4 woud probably add to beat this.

Its good

excelent everything, fast,nice and new... only thing was the cable... i want it the new cable for the new port o the s5 bu it didnt camewith it

So happy with my new phone

When I got this phone I thought  everything was ok, but after a few days, I got out of the campus (without wifi), I found I can't use mobile data!! But when I exchange the SIMcard in another phone it works!! and I exchange the SIMcard many times in different places. I pretty sure this phone can not use mobile data!!!

Awesome.

Real good stuff

I had a horrible experience in having to return the phone because of missliding in the title put as universal unlocked version

Excelente....

First of all the phone says it must be activated in Saudi Arabia or one of these middle eastern countries. The phone is region locked. I have tried three different unlocking agencies and no help. The folks sell g this phone knew there was no way for me to get this phone to work properly. Poor poor service.

The amazing!

I am very disapointed since this phone did not work properly using T-Moble connection.Neither T-Mobile nor Samsung Tech support said it will work here in USA as the phone was manufactured outside this country.

Excelente

Samsung s5 the best phone!!!

Got this phone for my 17 yr old daughter and she love's it. No problems w/ shipping. Will buy one later for myself.

It's cool.The item arrived on time.it works but my mobile data runs slower than the iPhone 4 I had before.

Neither Verizon nor Samsung will truly stand behind this phone! Do not believe the ad that says it is water RESISTANT for up to 3 ft for 30 minutes.Accidently dropped one in 1 inch of water for 2 seconds and it does not work. Neither Verizon nor Samsung will stand behind this phone and replace it for free. If the phone were truly Water RESISTANT as the ads and paperwork state it should have survived this accident! Does not charge and is glitching.This phone was in an OtterBox case and the USB port cover was secure and back on. Had the phone 3 weeks. Verry Angry!!

Really good product, except by the fact that the touch screen don't work very well when it has water on the surface.

I love this phone but it keep Freezing all the time. I don't know if I can change it . But I need a change.

with a 16 MPX camera I was expecting something much better than what I got with this phone.Anyone considering buying a Samsung Galaxy S5, I would recommand to check the Samsung Galaxy S5 K Zoom first.That's what I'm using now.same specs and an excellent phone camera ! Perfect !!

Very good

phone not unlocked

No matter how much Apple struggled to create an excellent product called iPhone 5s, Samsung is better.  This year Samsung has dominated the Smartphone war between Apple and Samsung. With the new Samsung Galaxy S5, Samsung has become the undisputed king of Smartphone&#8217;s while Apple still in a distant second place. The Samsung Galaxy S5 Smartphone has been demanded by people around the world with an approximate of 85 million Smartphone&#8217;s in the first quarter of the year. These numbers have are superior than any other competitors to Samsung such as Apple, Huawei, and LG. The Samsung Galaxy S5 carries a 5.1-inch 1080p SAMOLED display at 432ppi, a 16mp rear camera, 32-bit Snapdragon 801 processor, 2GB of RAM, 16 or 32GB of flash storage that can be expandable via MicroSD. In other words, the new Galaxy S5 is the best and most demanded Smartphone in the market.The Samsung galaxy s5 comes with some of the most amazing features that most Smartphone&#8217;s are missing. The water and dust resistant body that the S5 provides is one of major features why numerous customers have bought the Smartphone. As a matter of fact, the body the S5has is certified resistant to water with a contact up to one meter in depth for thirty minutes. Another important reason why the new Samsung Galaxy S5 is very resistant to water contact is that it comes with a flap on USB port that ensures the phone is resistant to any accidental water splashes or any accidental submerge.In addition, the Samsung Galaxy S5 comes with one of the first usable finger print sensors ever developed. This new feature makes a well better version of the Galaxy S5 that includes a sensor called the finger scanner that is located in the phones home button. In the same way, Apple&#8217;s iPhone 5s has also included a finger print sensor that users only have to swipe their finger and they do not hold it; this creates a bigger gap for any errors of the iPhone&#8217;s security. Unlike the iPhone, the Galaxy S5 has the finger print scanner that can be used to make payments via PayPal and lock the phone by holding the sensor to authenticate the finger print.Furthermore, the Samsung Galaxy s5 ports an improved and better quality camera. This new camera has an enhanced sixteen mega pixels rear camera able of record up to 4k video at thirty frames per second. This means the camera is able to take faster and better quality pictures. Samsung Company declares having the fastest auto-focus in the Smartphone industry since the Galaxy S5 takes 0.3 seconds to focus. This new camera also offers a great new feature that has fascinated people. The Galaxy S5 counts with a slow motion video recording feature that allows users see their videos in a new fascinating perspective.In the end, Samsung this year has created their best Smartphone ever. Even though, apple in previous years was the best in creating Smartphone, Samsung won the number one position for the best Smartphone. Without a doubt the Samsung Galaxy s5 is the best Smartphone in the market this 2014.

Best phone ever!

I got a lemon. So much doesn't work and is slow. I've been calling Verizon to get help with the software issues. They have been very unhelpful. There's much more to the customer service story; this has been wasting so much of my time. My Galaxy S3 was ssoooooo much better. I am so frustrated with the whole experience. I moved from years with Sprint to Verizon, too.

The best phome I have

Disclaimer:  I bought my Galaxy s5 directly from T-Mobile (USA), so my review is regarding the phone itself, not the one sold by this particular seller.  I love it.  In my house I have a problem getting network signal from different providers.  My calls were getting dropped or going directly to voice mail.  This phone has a feature that allows it to work with my WiFi as well as the network.  My calls are not getting dropped anymore.  The camera is outstanding.  The photos look great.  It has a call reject feature that allows you to block certain numbers such as telemarketers, etc.  It has a download booster that allows you to use the network AND your WiFi when you're downloading stuff.  But I believe that this feature only works with T-Mobile right now.  It has a Finger Scanner that you can use when you unlock your screen as well as to make PayPal payments.  It has an Emergency mode that allows you to automatically send an SOS message along with a front and back photo of where you are to up to 3 contacts.  That's just a few of the features.  But for me the main feature and the reason for buying this phone was the fact that it works with my home's WIFI so my calls don't get dropped anymore, which was extremely annoying.  I love this phone.

Excellent. I got my package on time

I just love this phone but sometimes scren frozes but I knew it heard this decheck even before it's ok anything else I love it.

The phone arrived to miami in condition, but the phone freezes all the time.  If your smart enough you will understand what that means.

Awesome!!!! Pretty fast.
