
Was as promised. Great phone,does everything I need a phone to do. Amazon did a great job getting the phone to me.

Best phone I have ever had, far more capable than expected. You will not be disappointed in this amazing phone!

Everything about this phone is great. Size, build, speed, even the Android skin. I currently switch between a Samsung Galaxy S5, Moto X, Nexus 5, and the HTC One M8. The only time I go to the other options is when a system update comes out and I want to try it out. Many have complained about the camera but I have no picture quality issues. I'm very satisfied with the output (mostly pics of my kids - 50% outdoors 50% indoors). It may not technically be faster than the GS5, but it definitely feels faster.If you're on the fence, get it. It's worth it.For the record, another reviewer said this was the AT&T; model. Mine is definitely unlocked and bloatware free. Tethering works fine out of the box and I don't have any other limitations.

Great phone.The camera is not super high resolution but it takes good photos quickly.The speakers are great. Loud and clear.The phones aluminum body looks great but feels slick in your hand. Could be a problem if you are prone to dropping phones. I added a &#34;speck&#34; case that really improves the grip

I have fallen in love with the phone! Best I've ever used! True to the word smartphone. I would suggest any android user to buy this without a second thought.

Hi, I once bought an HTC DESIRE, the phone was marvelous, fabulous, I loved the operating system capabilities and tweaks that HTC did, was a really amazing phone, I really liked ... my problem was mainly the following, I bought that in a trip to UK, the phone after 7 months started to over heat, reboot, etc etc ... until I couldn't use it anymore. If you search in the internet you will a known factory problem with some devices in that time.The catch here,for you who will buy this, is wait a little to spend 700 bucks on something brand new, making sure you dont end up in my situation, without a global WARRANTY ! this is very important, make sure they will fix or replace the phone anywhere.Anyway, after this episode I switched to Apple, which has their problems too, don't think I love everything there, but I got a problem when I had a 3GS, they simply gave me another phone, still working until today ...So, guys, check everything, the phone seems amazing and I can tell you, in terms of operating system customizations I never saw a better Android than HTC, I really really loved, was a shame what happened. Anyway, good luck!

Nicely  packed product received in time.Quality as expected and untouch.Working well to the mark as a HTC product using almost for a month so far.

I bought this phone about 3 weeks ago.Its an amazing phone! I love the feel of it, use it with the SUPCASE All New HTC One M8 Case - Unicorn Beetle Premium Hybrid Protective case which shoes its aluminum back.using the phone is absolutely fluent. applications start immediately and faster than whatever I saw before (had galaxy s3 before with cm11 rom on it, compared to galaxy s5 with a friend), passing between application is very easy and imidiate as well.the battery lasts forever. I use it for about 14 hours, about 1-1.5 hour of talk, and about 2 hours of screen time for internet etc... and sometimes a short navigation with waze. still I finish the day with 20-40% battery left without charging or even without turning power saving mode (not to mention extreme power saving mode which I never use)the screen is very good, I think that the size is better than the bulky lg g3 because even though the total size is the same, I dont think I could reach the top and bottom areas on the lg g3 which are used for bezels on the htc.sound is amazing, dont expect something to loud but the quality is very good and the volume is better than my last galaxy s3.camera - I use it for fun pictures and enjoy the easy editing modes, I find it working most of the times! otherwise I use my DSLR for photos I like to print big so I dont care about the low MP, as for the video - I use it for taking videos of the kids and its as good as any other video cam.overall - I enjoy this phone and am happy that I left samsung galaxy for it.

This item is advertised as the 32GB model, I received a 16GB. Not Happy. I have started the return process.

I've used a pair for two months without issue.  Excellent battery life, sound, cell call quality, and display.  These M8s fully satisfy my mobile phone requirement.

The HTC One M8 is a fantastic device and right off the bat I will say that if you are considering buying one, definitely jump on the opportunity to do so. Compared to the other flagship android phones in terms of specs, value, and overall user experience, the HTC One M8 holds it own fairly easily. The solid Snapdragon 801 processor moves things along very nicely and the extra 2GB Ram definitely helps with that. I have had no issues of general lag and HTC Sense runs very smoothly. The overall feel of the phone is great and when you pick up the phone it just feels like a quality device. In terms of software and features, all the features that come standard with the device just make sense and don't raise any question as to why they would be there. The front facing speakers sound amazing, the micro sd card expansion capability is of course great, and the camera is decent for taking good photos. With that being said, the camera could be improved because aside from taking photos for fun, this camera really cannot be used for any sort of editing purposes due to the 4mp images with the &#34;ultra-pixel&#34; technology because the images will get very blurry and distorted when zoomed in. Putting that aside, HTC's skin on android is very easy to use and if your someone like me who likes using stock android, you will be happy using HTC Sense because of how light of an overlay it is and it is definitely not as heavy as something like samsung's touchwiz. However within a few days of having the phone, I did install Nova Launcher just because it provides a more pure feeling android experience. If you don't want to use a launcher and want to use stock android, then just pick up a google play edition of the phone if they are still available. In terms of hardware, If you are coming from the iPhone 5, or any other model iPhone really, then you are definitely accustomed to quality hardware and components and this is an area where, in my opinion, some android phones lack in. However, this is not one of them. The phone is basically all metal, not entirely, but almost, so it feels great, however it does introduce some level of sacrifice, being a non-removable back of the phone which means no removal battery. But if your coming from the iPhone then you are already used to that and I can safely say that so far with my experience with the phone, this phones battery outlasts the iPhones battery especially once I upgraded to iOS 7. Also, this phone features an extreme battery saving mode which basically turns the phone into a high tech nokia phone that is limited to phone calls and texts for the most part at least. Continuing with hardware, my biggest complaint about the phone is the positioning of the power button. The way it sits on the top of the phone, being that this is a relatively tall phone, makes for a somewhat awkward reach that almost forces you to slide your hand up to the top of the phone. Also I find myself pressing the volume up button a lot of the time when I go to hit the power button. However aside from that, I really have no other complaints. If you are considering this phone against the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the LG G3, I would seriously consider this phone because it is simply just a solid build device with no gimmicky features and fantastic performance.

Greatly designed phone.Fast, beautiful, elegant phoneStereo speakers made the phone to work nicer than any other one in the market in terms of playing videos and music using the built-in speakers.Excellent sound using the headphones (I have Beats headphones) and they sound really similar to them. Difference is not noticeable. (Maybe there are &#34;hidden&#34; Beats, who knows)One thing you should knowi is that it comes with Android 4.4.2 and this OS has a restriction using the Memory card (MMC) this is a Google thing not the phone's, so that is why I did not lower the rating. Passing files to the memory card from the internal memory is not allowed unless the application installed has permissions to write to the MMC. I had to root the phone and modify the permissions to remove this restriction.

Great phone I imagine, wireless data does NOT work with TMOBILE downloading an app from google on wifi one minute, using wireless data 4hours. What were they thinking, and why do they not tell which providers this device will work with. I thought I was upgrading from my htc one s that smokes this machine.

I got my hands on one of these a couple of days ago and absolutely love it.Pros:- It's very thin and light, yet sturdy.- The CPU runs fast and performance isn't an issue with the applications I need it for, which is mostly web development.- The camera is outstanding.- The picture is of a very high quality, you can't see any pixels and the colors are vividCons- In hindsight i think that i should have opted for the cleaner looking grey version instead :http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J3554KE/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00J3554KE&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20It's hard to find cons because it's such a great device, maybe I'll add some later.

Hi, I just got this phone delivered couple days back.First, it came in with the wrong color. I ordered Gunmetal Grey, but it came as Silver. Which I don't really mind. But here is something that's not working for me on this phone right now.When I go into the Language&Keyboard; section, under Language, it only shows English and Spanish as the options.I tried reset the phone,but it didn't help.I got this phone for my dad, he only reads Mandarin. And i made sure this phone (HTC ONE M8) does come with all kinds of display language options before I purchase it. So I don't understand why this phone I just got only has two language options.

Before I begin this review, I have to say I enjoy smartphones and change phones every 4-6 months. For the past 4 and a half months I've been a Nexus 5 user, before that I had the Xperia Z1 and before that one I had the Samsung Galaxy S4, which means I will be able to judge according to what I've used in the past.I realized it'd be better if I left a summary of PROS & CONS before the wall of text:+ Premium look and feel, not as big on hands and at least for me, not really slippery.+ Beautiful and clear screen, even at direct sunlight.+ Micro SD expansion slot.+ Incredible and loud dual front-facing speakers.+ Pretty good camera after you learn its tricks and amazing effects like U-Focus when using properly.+ Sense 6.0, the best Android skin IMO, not invasive and it actually improves the UI instead of making it a mess.+ Gestures. With the help of a launcher you can actually avoid using the power button at all.+ Amazing battery, holds up from 6am to 11pm having Mobile data on and listening to music for more than 6 hours a day.- Metal unibody will scratch easily.- Terrible button placement for one hand use, which again, is fixable through other apps (Double tapping to lock).- Unprecise responsiveness of earphones/headphones controls (Play/Pause, Next and Previous track).- Camera could have been much better. I mean, it's not bad but there's room for improvement.Now, onto the review:FIRST IMPRESSIONS: I already knew what I was getting, I had read all the technical stuff and watched a couple of videos of the phone itself. But when I opened the box I was still blown away. The One M8 is such a great piece of smartphone, it's definetely a gorgeous phone because, as you probably read, it's made of 90% metal so it has that premium look and feel you'd expect from a flagship device.DESIGN: I honestly thought the HTC One M8 would be huge in my average size hands, but it actually was great to hold and the unibody gives it a great feel too or maybe my hands aren't as average as I believed! I was also concerned because I read from several places that due to its metal body it was pretty slippery; but I've had the phone for a week and not a single drop or slip so far. Although, I do have to say it is slippery when I have it on my pocket while sitting, it usually tends to slide out and I have to move it back once every while (Of course, this depends on how still you are or if you move your legs often). As much as I love the metal design, look and feel I think it's more of a curse than a blessing, because it scratches way too easily; this means you'll probably will have to buy a case if you don't want your phone to have the back side completely scratched, luckily there's a couple of case choices to avoid covering the beautiful back of it (I bought myself a translucid Spigen case).The one thing I think HTC got all wrong is the button placement, it's not logical or comfortable at all, but I will talk about it a little more in a while, along with the gestures system. But one point where HTC did great is on the memory expansion capabilities via MicroSD card, I listen to music most of the time and have around 40Gb of music on my phone at the moment, this was a big plus for me.SPEAKERS/AUDIO: Two of the many reasons I wanted this phone were the dual front facing speakers and in a couple of words: they don't dissappoint at all! They are simply the best I've had on a phone. Amazing loud and crystal clear sound speakers, there's no fuzziness or distortion at max volume here AND I can finally place my phone wherever without covering them. The only thing that kinda bugs me is the fact that they are not symmetrical, but I'll learn to live with it. In addition, I actually didn't expect earphones to be included, so I was a little surprised to see them. They're not bad, but I don't like the fact that the earbuds are red, so I will keep using my ATH-M50s and my Hammerheads pro.There's one thing I noticed and had issues with, the responsiveness of the handsfree button (Play/Pause, Next track and Previous track) with the default earphones and with my Hammerheads. It takes about one second after pressing it to take effect and sometimes the double tap action to skip to the next track is recognized as a triple tap, which takes me back to the previous track. Coming from the Nexus 5, where the responsiveness was immediate and precise, it will take some time to get used to.SOFTWARE, CAMERA AND BATTERY: I've always been a fan of Stock Android, which is why I loved my Nexus 5 and didn't quite enjoy the S4 and touch wiz; but I think it's safe to say I love Sense 6.0 as much or even more than Stock Android. It's not intrusive, it doesn't have drastic changes on the UI and it's simple enough to make it look great. I really liked the fact you can edit the quick settings shortcuts as you like and that they change colors according to the theme you choose, the same goes to the notification bar changing colors depending on the application you're using; I also enjoyed being able to change the font style of the whole phone with just a couple of taps. It's all about the little things.Talking about tapping the screen brings me to the next item: Gestures. This whole idea of double tapping and swiping the screen to unlock the phone made me remember my beloved Nokia N9, great concept. It also makes it a lot easier for the user to unlock the device without having to reach the awkwardly located power button. And since I'm a loyal Nova Launcher user I ended up configuring the double tap action to lock my phone, so now I have no need at all to reach the power button. The one thing I would have liked is that gestures wouldn't require a slight movement of the device to work properly because I tend to check my phone without moving it from my desk and now that requires me tapping the screen 4 times exactly to work without motion.The duo camera, as they call it, is pretty decent for what it is: A phone camera. You wouldn't replace your actual camera with it if you're into the matter; but if you're like me, a casual photographer, it'll do just fine. What I really liked was the U-Focus effect, I find myself using it quite often and after a while of playing with it you'll figure out what you need to do to make it work quite good. I say this because if you don't define well the foreground subject from the background or vice versa you'll end up with an unshareable picture. Overall, I have to say I'm quite impressed with the camera, but it's pretty obvious there are phones with better cameras on the market, I'd be lying if I said this was the best camera on a phone I've tried.On the battery side, most of my week (6/7 days) I get up at 6am and go to work, I have WiFi on throughout the day and Mobile Data when I'm commuting, answer mails and the occasional Social Networking usage (Facebook, Twitter, Line, Whatsapp and Instagram), but most importantly I can't live without music and because of that in my regular day I usually listen about 7-9 hours of music on my phone, . At the end of everyday, which is around 11pm for me, I have 20-30% left of battery; this is a bit more battery life I had at the end of the day than on my Nexus 5. To sum up: I can't complain about battery life at ALL.CONCLUSION: I'm very happy with the choice I made and I don't think I'll be changing phones for a good while; sure there are a couple of things I would change, but nothing drastic and nothing that'd be a deal breaker for me. Overall, it's an amazing phone and I would recommend it to most people.

I bought unlocked from Mango cellular without any contract. I have owned Nokia 925, nexus 5, iPhone 3 and 4. My comparison is relative to the above. My service provider is ATT. The phone does not have APN setup on arrival for LTE/4G access. one will need to contact service provider to set up LTE connectivity.Pro:Large , bight and high def screenBlazing fast functionalitySmooth operation.Nice solid, high quality feel in hand.Good fit and finish.Android kit KatFlexible cameras.Boomsound with loud and clear output.Great reception and clear conversation.Con:Heavy compared to othersBulky for a 5  inch phoneLow megapixel camera.Expensive.Bloatware from HTC cannot be permanently deleted, but can be turned off.Blinkfeed is more of a nuisance than help.Good, but not great battery life.Overall, best cellphone I have ever used.I wish it's a bit smaller and weighs a bit less. The camera is good, but resolution could be higher.

Android traditional failures apart, the HTC M8 is the best around. The screen is quite good, is fast, intelligent and very very please to use. The size at first bothered me a lot, people laugh at me coz of that!!!! But now, when I take an iPhone in my hands, I feel glad about the size of HTC M8.I'm from Brazil and everything works ALMOST right. I still don't why, but the SMS messages are working, but not 100%. A lot of it get stuck and I keep receiving blank SMS everytime that I come back from a &#34;out of area&#34; zones like subway tunnels.

The seller failed to mention that this is a Developer Version, Usually developers version cost is much less and also the pin to remove the sim is not provided.

Okay, so like most people, I've owned my fair share of smart phones. I've had flip phones and brick phones, an iPhone, and several Android devices, so I feel I have a fairly decent idea of what to expect when it comes to a good phone. The HTC One m8 completely blows my expectations out of the water.First Impressions:Right from the moment the T-mobile salesman hands me the box I can feel the weight of it, something I personally love. The first glimpse of the actual phone brought me back to being a little kid on Christmas morning. You can see it oozes quality craftsmanship with its clean lines, subtle curves, and brushed aluminum embodiment of pure awesomeness.  I pull it out of its box and remove the layers of plastic distraction to fully reveal the beauty within. As I said before, this phone is not a lightweight; at 160g you can feel the heft of its construction. I turn it on and the green &#8220;HTC&#8221; logo lights up the spacious 5&#8221; display. I can immediately see how crisp and clean the picture is, courtesy of the 1920x1080 pixel piece of engineering. The stupid T-mobile jingle plays through the BoomSound speakers, and even that annoying bit of commercialism makes me smile because I&#8217;ve never heard it clearer from a phone. All in all it&#8217;s off to a great start.Hardware Specs/Build Quality:So as I&#8217;ve now said twice, the phone is built solid. It has a brushed aluminum unibody made with &#8220;zero gap&#8221; construction (as it sounds, there are no visible gaps on the outside of the phone between materials). I cannot express how much I love the feel of this phone, I really can&#8217;t, I&#8217;m not sure it&#8217;s humanly possible, but I&#8217;ll try. T-mobile released the m8 the same day as the Galaxy S5, so I had an opportunity to handle both phones before making my purchase. The S5 might have a few more fancy features than the m8, but wow does it feel flimsy; just as flimsy as every other Galaxy product out there. I&#8217;ve owned two Galaxy phones now, and while I liked them for their features and performance, both phones succumbed to their poor manufacturing quality (ie cracked button bezel that led to cracked screen, and then just a cracked screen). In contrast, my last HTC phone, the MyTouch 4G, is like three years old and still perfect. Don&#8217;t get me wrong, it&#8217;s scratched to hell, but my Father-in-law, whom I sold it to, still uses it every day for a myriad of apps without complaint. Okay, enough about HTC&#8217;s awesome build quality, you get it, they rock. The new internals of the m8 surely don't disappoint; it sports the Qualcomm Snapdragon 801, a 2.3 GHz quad core processor accompanied by 2GB of ddr3 ram. It also has 32GB of internal memory, with yes, an expandable microSD slot for up to 128GB of storage space. I don't know the person who needs that much space on their phone, but whoever they are, I'm sure they're extra pleased about that. The speakers on this thing sound great. Personally I hated the gimmicky nature of &#8220;Beats by Dre&#8221; that were found on the m7 (though I admit they sounded great), so I wasn&#8217;t unhappy to see the m8 lose them. The BoomSound speakers that now adorn the m8 sound awesome (for a phone, mind you); not to mention the awesomeness factor of them being placed on the front of the phone. The screen looks great; I really can&#8217;t imagine a clearer picture, but then again, when your phone with a 5&#8221; screen has the same resolution as your TV with a 60&#8221; screen, it stands to reason the picture will be REALLY clear. The last thing I wanted to address was the ever so controversial &#8220;bezel&#8221; on the front of the phone. My honest opinion is that it does nothing to detract from the phone. Yes, the screen could be larger without it, or maybe the phone could be shorter, but come on, talk about nitpicking. The phone is awesome and I personally have no qualms with a half inch strip of glass proudly displaying &#8220;htc&#8221; on the front of my awesome HTC phone, but hey, what do I know?Cameras:I felt the cameras deserved their own section as they are a point of controversy of actual merit, unlike the bezel. The rear cameras (yes, I said cameras, as in plural) are a very interesting feature on this phone. The main camera is more or less the same as was featured on the m7, a 4-megapixel sensor. While 4-megapixels may seem small compared to most other high-end phones out there ( like the Sony Xperia Z1 and its 20.1 megapixel behemoth), there is a reason to the madness; the Ultrapixel. That&#8217;s right; the sensor is almost twice the size of normal phone camera sensors, which allows it to take in over 300% more light. Why is that good? Well, considering many pictures people take these days are in low-light areas (ie restaurants, concerts, anywhere at night, etc), the Ultrapixel allows you to take much clearer pictures during those times you might not be in perfect light (ie most of the time). The second rear camera is a new feature, and a damn cool one at that. It captures distance information and then allows you to adjust the focus of the pictures. Oh, and did I mention you can adjust the focus AFTER you take the picture? Yeah, it&#8217;s that cool. This also means you can take pictures much quicker than with other phones. It really is pretty nifty, and I must admit I have spent several hours just messing with the cameras and the different things you can do to the pictures (nerd alert). Finally, the front facing camera boasts a full 5 megapixels so you can take that perfect selfie. Not something I personally give a hoot about, but hey, it&#8217;s there.Software/User Interface:Obviously the latest high-end phone is going to launch with the latest Android update. The Android 4.4.2 KitKat is very smooth and pretty, as expected. The extra features that HTC throws in are pretty cool too. One of my favorites is the &#8220;Power Saver&#8221; mode it has on the drag down menu. That combined with the 2600mA/h battery lets the phone last all day and then some with fairly heavy use. I must admit that I&#8217;m not a fan of the &#8220;BlinkFeed&#8221; screen, and have yet to find a way to turn it off, but luckily it&#8217;s only the left window of the home screen. All in all the UI is very snappy and responsive. Most phones these days can claim the same, but it&#8217;s nice nevertheless. Another kind of nifty feature is that you can tap the screen twice to wake it up to the lock screen, or you can bypass the lock screen altogether by simply swiping up.Brass tacks:The phone is built to last, has the latest internals, has a truly awesome camera setup, and exudes &#8220;premium&#8221; at every turn. I know I will be enjoying this phone for a good long while. As the self-proclaimed most indecisive person in the world, I have to say I&#8217;m not feeling even an inkling of buyer&#8217;s remorse.  It doesn&#8217;t have every gadget and doodad in the Galaxy (pun intended), and it might not be the great conversationalist that SIRI is, but in my opinion, it&#8217;s the best mainstream phone on the market, hands down.

This phone is quite incredible really,  having all the necessary elements of a tear one smart phone and lacking the painful and aggressive adaptations to android that have become so present, e.g. the Samsung camp.A 2.3 ghz processor,  2 GB of RAM,  32 GB with the ability to expand with a micro SD (which I did immediately to contain my music library), resident best speakers on a smartphone,  sleak design,  fast wireless ac connectivity, easy potential for an unlocked and rooted phone provided by HTC, and of course a stunning 1080p screen that is edging me towards a tabletless lifestyle.My only complaint is a very subjective one,  which is an element of sense ui. Their native installation has a news app called blinkered which I happen to not be very fond of.  It is speedy but after a couple of days I found it to be nothing more than a novelty.  Also it consumed as much battery without being one of my home screens as the whole Android system did according to the power tab in settings.  To me this and a couple of other elements of sense that were not as pleasant forced me to CyanogenMod the phone. With such an adaptation, you can add battery life to the above list of positives.Regardless,  this phone is beautiful and backed by hardware to make me very happy with my decision.  The software is the best I have tried among Android adaptations but I still like the more pure experience leagues more!

Chances are you know already that this is a beautiful and fast beast of a phone. What you may not realize is that the M8 has a high-quality headphone amplifier that should make it hard to ignore for any audiophile. With a nice pair of earphones I compared the audio output from this device to the Galaxy S5 and my own Galaxy S3. The difference was enormous. While the overall presentation emphasizes warmth over clarity too much for my taste, sounds from this device are amazingly clean and rich for a phone. The Samsung devices sound very bad by comparison. Look up the GSM Arena review of the M8 and you'll see that instrumented testing backs my opinion up. If you care about audio and you hear the difference, you won't be able to pass this up. It's in a class of its own in this regard.I must comment on the BoomSound speakers. Like you I knew all about them before my purchase. But what I didn't appreciate was how much they would enhance my lifestyle, which involves listening to podcasts and audiobooks throughout the day. I like to be constantly stimulated and learning. With the M8 I can have rich and full playback of anything I like wherever I go without carrying around a separate Bluetooth speaker that must be paired and charged. That is a huge convenience and pleasure. These speakers are so impressive.I realize the camera is subpar for this class of phone but it is more than adequate. I have always used a dedicated camera for any photos that are truly important anyway so this isn't a big problem even if it costs the phone some bragging rights. But how often do you take pictures and how often do you listen to music through the headset or play podcasts in the kitchen? If you use your phone's audio capabilities more than you use its camera, and I suspect that's the case for most of us, then you should give the M8 serious consideration. HTC spent their research and hardware dollars on great audio and the payoff is remarkable.

very good.thanks

Had this phone for a month now and it runs circle around my company issued Samsung Galaxy S4. I just forwarded all the calls so I only use the Galaxy for the Hot Spot  the company pays for. I got three of these at the same time and it was my wife introduction to smart phones. I loaded it with music and movies for her. She is learning to text and seems to be enjoying it. all you Apple lovers can eat the dust this phone is so much better, I am a tech and this is closer to being a quad core computer than a phone. Use the GPS and it avoids traffic better than any I have had in the past. The sound is great, you can actually hear this when you are in a noise room like a casino. It is a bit large but the pictures it takes are second to none and it can take 3d pictures try that with your apple.

Cool, very nice

It is a beautiful piece of hardware, but I just don't understand why people think the Duo Camera is a good system.  I think it is terrible. Most of the photos are completely blown out and there is such a crazy difference between the HDR and regular auto mode that it is like two completely different cameras were used. Plus the image quality is just plain fuzzy and lacks detail of other comparable phones. It's a real head-scratcher that the HTC developers chose this route.  My Nexus 5 consistently delivers sharper, more true colors and better pictures across the board when I take the same picture using the same setting with both phones.  I guess if I wanted to tinker with all the settings on the M8 camera, I would rather plop the $649.00 down on a nice DSLR. In a market where the camera is  fast-becoming the deciding factor for consumers' choice of cell phones, this one is a really huge disappointment.And though the M8 is beautiful, the aluminum body has to be covered by a case to be used in everday life and that's a shame, because it ironically defeats the phone's stellar hardware design.  My Nexus 5 has not had a case since I bought it in February, and it has survived several drops with aplomb. Plus, I just love its sleek minialmist design, and slim, lightweight profile. After loving my M7 and switching to the N5 until the M8 came out, I personally think my phone does not have to be a big statement piece; rather it needs to be functional, simple, elegant, fast, sturdy, and have the ability to take a really nice photo quickly and without a lot of fuss. I am constantly being complemented on the photos from my Nexus 5. Constantly! And at the half the price of other flagship phones; the Nexus is a keeper.

I bought the phone a week earlier. So far I'm feeling amazed with this beauty.Here are the pros and cons to me,Pros:1. One of the few android phone with premium looks.2. Sound quality is just amazing. Personally I was a apple fan in term of sound quality, never believed an android would match that. But I was blown away so far!3. Blink Feed4. Battery.5. Like the power saving mood.6. cameraCons:1. Was a S4 user before. So this phone isn't easier to use than s4.2. I'm having a small problem with the connectivity. The same place I was getting 4g connection, now I'm having problems with even connecting to the mobile network.3. Home key sometimes a problem, specially when you're typing.4. Can't do two things at the same time like the Galaxy phones.

the best phone ever

Beautiful phone, comes with a headset, even though the box doesn't mention it.  Fast delivery from Amazon and I was up and running in minutes after I took it out of the box. You do need a nano SIM if you don't have one already.

Great phone! It's very thin and light. The processor runs fast and performance isn't an issue with the applications I need it for.  The camera is outstanding.  The picture is of a very high quality, you can't see any pixels and the colors are vividCons- In hindsight i think that i should have opted for the cleaner looking grey version instead :http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J3554KE/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00J3554KE&linkCode;=as2&tag;=hocivfd-20

I upgraded from My HTC One (M7) to this one and let me just say it feels alot better and smoother! I have been using HTC phones for the past 5 years and they have managed to never fail me. Solid yet elegant phones. Great choice for anyone looking for a solid good phone.

Just perfect

Phone is great in excellent condition has everything with it :) it is amazing with all its descriptions.. i love it!

The experience is amazing, touching it and texting is very soft. Has an amazing audio and it processes everything very fast. The pictures taken with its camera are stunning. The best phone you can find.

Last year I had the HTC One and thought there was no way HTC can improve this phone, it was just amazing and did everything you want with no gimmicks. Then i got my hand on the HTC One M8, and I was like, &#34;Woo&#34; It was an actually upgrade, not an update, as it is beautiful craftsmanship, a nice camera, amazing speakers that continue to set the bar for the industry and still not gimmick. While the HTC One M7 is no toy, however, it doesn't really stand a chance against the One M8, which is simply the nice Smartphone of the year. It's fast, solid, beautiful, long battery life and a plenty of feature to make it yours.

HTC sent me an M8 for testing last month. I fell in love with it once I heard it play music, while M7 BoomSound was already marvellous, HTC still manage to improve it for M8. The quality is so good that one day my phone ring and I totally ignore it as I thought I was playing music with my desktop speaker until the music stop abruptly, then I realize it was a phone call! I usually listen to music using MacBook with a pair of fair speakers, and I actually heard some details that I never heard before when I play the music using M8. My friend gets an M8 after listening a song on my phone later! This is how good the BoomSound is.In addition BoomSound, three-dimensional effect of the UltraPixel also gave me loads of fun. It has a lot of user friendly effect.BlinkFeed is also great for showing information that you are interested in but seldom have time to keep track -- it will display them in a neat way on your home screen. Now I can get cool ideas and news by scrolling the home screen. You can customize what type of information you would like to see easily too.In addition, the battery life of M8 is good. It is last for a whole day without recharging. M8 is also a TV remote control with integrated TV information, you can simply select your desired TV program, M8 will automatically turn on the TV to the corresponding channel so you don't need to look up the channel number yourself.Overall, M8 is a really good phone.

Super fast, multitasking, you can sync it to your car as phone, navigator, and consult internet at same time, it wont crash.Super easy access to the menus. I also loaded a different Launcher that eats more memory, but it still works like a charm.The sound is pretty loud if u use the speakers. The camera has some nice features, like double focus, 360 panorama views etc...the default gallery application is unfriendly, but you can choose another one.Oh!  The Battery ! Most important: Ok, here's the thing: If you use internet, bluetooth, wifi, phone and gps, ALL , I mean, it will last one full day, be sure about it, otherwise , if it's a normal day it lasts one day and a half.I'm a developer as hobby, and it runs fast, you can change even the software and make it an Iphone. I bought the unlocked version obviously.  ALSO, if you buy the strange cover with the grid lid, it's got some really nice features that let you answer a call just by putting it on your ear, and many more.  REALLY COMPETITIVE and state of the art I guess

They had a huge team of programmers, visual editors, interface consultants, and a Taiwanese team that worked a lot in San Francisco to bring this phone to life. Yes, the reviews in YouTube are somehow OK. By OK, I mean nothing really different from it's older brother the HTC One M7. Such a good product. Can last for a 30 hours in heavy use, camera filters and tricks, interface, and fast. Go buy this phone now. Or you can also check Xperia Z2 if you really really want to explore bigger and competitive options. But I went for an M8 didn't I? ;-)

I have owned quite a few phones (Note 3, Nexus4, Galaxy Nexus, and HTC Vivid, just to name a few). This phone has, by far, the best build quality of any of those phones. It feels amazing in hand and looks stunning. There are are only two minor things I would change about this phone and if you new me this is good since most phones have many more significant problems. First being the Duo Camera, this is just one feature that does NOT work and not only that it is a feature that I don't see using it at all. Second being the resolution of the camera on the back. Four megapixels is enough for me, especially when you consider that 1080p is only 2.1 MP, but I do know people to whom this is an automatic turn off for them. Other than that, I would highly recommend this phone to anyone. It's software and hardware is more refined than any Samsung phone on the market today.

Yes, you read the Title, That's Correct.. Simply this is a Diamond.The best Smartphone of the year hopefully..But the sad thing is the feature i urgently waited for the &#34;Extreme Power saving Mode&#34;. lately knew that feature supports upon mobile operator Dhiraagu,Love from Maldives@iMaF

cellular functions excellent very good and very fast

Htc one M8 is by far one of the best phone I have purchase.  So far my $650.00 i put on this phone keeps me smile and excited.Every touch on that phone is amazing.  The M8 sensors works perfec it feels when you hold it.  This Htc M8 feels your touch whether on the screen or while you hold it. M8 feels that. Especially when you using the TV app.  This is the WOW feeling i have been looking for.  It's design to make selfie better ooh yeah.  Lets take some Pics, OMG.  I Love my Htc M8.Go right ahead by the HTC M8 you will not regret that money.

I have experience too many factory problems .First one was when i update the software of the phone it get stuck and they change it for a new one so i gotta send it back and wait. Ok thats fine but now i was searching for factory problems and find that the keyboard is slow beacause there is a problems in the software of the phone.And so on , so for me that i have the m7 and havent experience anyproblems so far. So for the price it is i prefere the old than this one.

I ordered one of these today, and after seeing so much about it I can safely say that I'm pretty psyched! I would recommend this to people who enjoy tinkering with new Android stuff like I do. This won't be my main phone (that honor goes to the iPhone 5s) but will go on a second line meant for whatever Android phone I want to mess around with. I think HTC has done a nice job developing and building a quality product that is quite competitive!

I am a bit of a geek when it comes to cell phones.  I usually have a new phone every six months or so.  This is the first phone I can think of where I'm completely devoid of any buyer's remorse.  I really think this is the best phone on the market right now.If you're technically inclined, you can unlock this phone to run the Google Play Edition software too.  That makes the phone VERY flexible.My only two bug bears with this thing:1)  I'm not happy with the power button placement on top.  It's hard to reach.  This is mitigated by the tap to wake feature, so it isn't too annoying.2)  The black area below the screen that says HTC.  I understand they needed more space for components inside the phone,.  Aesthetically, it doesn't bother me.  However, It makes typing in landscape a little weird though.  I feel like I have to reach really far with my thumb to reach over that black bar and get to my keyboard.Other than those two rather minimal issues, this phone is perfect in my eyes.  I have no hesitation recommending this to anyone.

I don't even know where to begin describing all the ways this phone blows all others away.This phone is everything the tech sites boast it is and more. The processor in this thing makes a world of difference. Apps and widgets open in the blink of an eye, web pages load at blazing speeds and the phone boots up almost instantaneously. The last time I experienced such a leap in speed is when I first used my Samsung Galxy S3 and iPhone 4 after using a Blackberry Curve for so many years. The difference between the speed of the One M8 and S3 is like apples and oranges. A Ferrari 458 vs. a Hyundai Veloster.The display on the M8 is stunning. The screen on the this thing makes the one on the S3 look like a CRT display from 1998. And speaking of the display, my biggest (and best) surprise came when I used the phone outside in direct sunlight. To my amazement, I could see the screen perfectly, unlike my S3 (and other phones) which was impossible.The form factor of this thing is it's strongest quality in my opinion, and one of the reasons I picked this over a Galaxy S5 and iPhone 5s. You will be hard pressed to find a phone that looks this good AND feels this comfortable in your hand. I did notice the volume buttons felt a little loose, but it's not a deal breaker. The phone feels sturdy and ready for war, it feels like it won't turn to powder (iPhone 4, 4s) or dent (iPhone 5, 5s) if dropped. Although I would recommend getting a case to put it in. I haven't had any yet (*knocks on wood*), but I can see the potential for the back and sides of the phone getting minor nicks and scratches. I ordered the Spigen [Non Slip] [AIR CUSHION] HTC One M8 Case and amFilm HTC One M8 Screen Protector 2014 Premium HD Clear. The case hasn't arrived yet, but I can say the screen protector is EXCELLENT. They weren't lying when they boasted about the clarity and protection this thing offers.The OS is great too. If you're familiar with Android operating systems, it won't be hard to adjust to this phone. Although it did take getting used to having no physical home button and navigating the menus, but that's not necessarily a bad thing (I like newness). The camera, despite what some apple fanboys and tech reviews claim, is actually really good. The images are clear and the colors are rich, and with a little tweaking of the settings, it can compete with any other camera (on a phone) out there.The battery is also a strong suit of the HTC One M8. I was initially worried about purchasing a phone that didn't have a removable back cover, but now I know it was for nothing. When I first opened the box, it had a 47% charge, which would have lasted me, but I decided to charge it fully. The next day, the phone only lost around 30-40% charge after more than 18 hours of light to moderate use (facebook, instagram, email, whatsapp, music, youtube and internet browsing). With heavy use, I can see getting at least 10+ hours. In standby mode, I can see this thing lasting weeks. Needless to say, the battery is great.Now, onto my only gripe about the HTC One M8, the speakers. Don't get me wrong, these are the best speakers on a phone that I have experienced, and having them facing forward makes a world of difference. When the volume is up, the speakers are very crisp, clear and bass rich. However, after reading so much about Boomsound, and then actually hearing the phone, I was honestly expecting a little more. I know that I have to take the audio file quality into account (which I do), but I wasn't expecting to have to turn the volume up to the level I did (almost max) to experience what HTC so proudly boasted about.After all is said and done, I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants the best piece of pocket tech available.Pros:-Super fast-Very lightweight/excellent form factor.-Battery life is amazing.-Great display.-Can actually use the phone in sunlight!Cons:-Dual front speakers not as loud as I had hoped.-Volume buttons don't feel very well constructed.

Layout very good performance easy to use very good signal reception, the drums very durable great sounding speakers, Super Recommended

I've been stuck with my old phone (HTC MyTouch 4G) since 2010 and have always held off from getting a new phone based on post-release reviews and I'm the sort who refuses to jump on the Apple bandwagon. When the time was nearing for the Sony Xperia Z2, Samsung S5, and HTC M8 spring release, I was in dilemma as far as which one would suit my needs. I decided to take a chance and buy this phone unlocked for both me and my girlfriend and we couldn't be any more happier with our decision because this phone is as every bit as good as any other leading mobile phone. I especially love how the audio speakers are placed in the front of the phone and the sound clarity is outstanding. Even now close to a month after owning this phone, the premium aluminum feel and look is pristine as when we first got it (but I highly recommend buying a case). Beyond any doubt, this phone has set the standard when the original 2013 version released only to raise the bar even further with this new model.

Very good smartphone,I just received the phone two months ago, and it has work very good.

all how want fast device and great software ! this one is made for you! it`s the best! thanks htc :D

I replaced my old HTC Sensation XE with the new One M8, and i must say, i'm loving it! It's super blazzing fast and snappy. And i really like the fact that it has two front facing speakers for true stereo effect. I definitely recommend this phone, you won't regret it.

Nice looking, best smartphone in the market today. Previously owned M7 and I definitely fell in love with the phone now a proud user of M8, the biggest difference with the M7 would be the battery it definitely goes a couple days.

I recently got an upgrade with Verizon, I hated my Iphone with a passion. So I switched over to an HTC, I have no regret! Everything about this phone is great! on top of that it looks professional.Battery Life:I recently had an iPhone, the battery life was absolutely horrid. I couldn't make it pasted one in the afternoon without needed a charge. But now I can make it through about a day, day and a half! HUGE improvement. It also has a Lithium battery which has a high charge density which means a longer life.Camera:Are you a phone-photographer? Well if you buy this phone you are sure to become one! the HTC One M8 has not one, but two rear cameras. HTC calls it a Duo camera. The main lens sports a 4 megapixel (1520&#8198;&#8198;2688) UltraPixel sensor with an f/2.0 aperture and a pixel size of 2.0 micrometers. The secondary lens is there for just gathering information about depth. And instead on focusing on just the megapixel count and more on the size and quality of the pixels.BoomSound:I constantly listen to Sound Cloud, Pandora, and 8tracks. So when I heard that the HTC one M8 had built in amps I was ecstatic. Plus the M8 is 25 percent louder than before. The volume level easily beat the iPhone 5S, Galaxy S4 or Lumia 1020. The HTC One M8 has one massive .85cc top speaker chamber and .80cc bottom speaker chamber size. It's great for watching movies and YouTube.Size:Yes it is a Phablet (phone tablet) which means it has a bigger type of screen, Its about two times the size of my old iPhone 4s. I like it because its clear, handy, and the graphics are really nice. It is a 5inch screen along with a 441 ppi pixel density. The good thing about this phone is that its slightly big but not to big and its pixels are pretty amazing. Also includes a muilti touch sensitivity.Portability (size / weight):Has a good amount of weight to it that I really enjoy. It's kind of a larger phone but I really like it. Its not excessively heavy either. I haven't yet noticed a weight change since my trade in with my iPhone.  It's slim build and light weight make it easy to carry and use. Especially for the 5inch screen it has!Summary:All together I love the new HTC one M8, Its battery life is so much better, its camera fits my needs, and the BoomSound is amazing. I recommend this phone to anyone, whether you are working constantly or just like to play games. I cant find anything I dont like about this phone.

I got this phone from amazon and it works well with Rogers in Canada. I get LTE as well. The description of the product has a couple of errors. But it is the same one as the AT&T Version.

I have been using the One M8 for three months now, and it still feels just as current and robust now as it did on the day I got it.  I had been using the original One (M7) before getting the M8, and I can say that the M8 is an improvement in every way.  Although it is still not perfect, the M8's camera is a noticeable improvement over the M7's.  Images are sharper and I do get better results with daylight shots, both with auto setting and by tweaking the focus point.  The ability to take low-light shots remains excellent and the dual flash brightens very dark settings very naturally.  The Gallery and photo editing features are much more robust now too, especially with the second camera making some cool effects possible.  It does take some practice to get the best effect out of the UFocus feature though.  Boomsound is a great feature when you want to play some video or music for a friend, or just ambient listening - the sound is clear and not at all grating.  I also like the Motion Gestures - similar features haven't always worked well on other phones but Motion Gestures work great on the One M8. It is great to be able to answer a call just by putting the phone to your ear without hitting Answer.  Battery life has been superb!  On a normal moderate use day I have yet to deplete even half my battery power.  On a long day of heavy usage I haven't really had to worry much about the battery dying, especially now that the Extreme Power Saver feature is available.  It is a powerful, well optimized phone too - have not experienced any hiccups with it, it does anything you throw at it fast and very smoothly.  Finally, the updated design is SEXY, not just to look at but also to the touch - the gunmetal gray version is gorgeous!  This phone has both beauty and brawn, and will continue to be by my side for quite awhile to come.

IS THE BEST PHONE I'VE EVER HAD!FAST, SIMPLE, GREAT LOOKS ITS GOT EVERYTHINGLOVE THE CAMERA AS WELL, THE MP DOESNT MATTER

Is a good cellphone, the size, the items everything is very good

iphone is the best phone in the world but HTC M8 bad phone because nothing is new in this phone.

The only thing that is missing for this phone is wireless charging. Otherwise it's really cool. And it's also that the phone is quite rare, so not a lot of people around you will have HTC

Much has been written about the awesome hardware and design of the latest HTC flagship phone.  Having the phone in hand for three months now, I'll confirm that the apps and Kit Kat navigation usually run silky smooth and wicked fast.  The speakers and sound quality are hands down the best in the smart phone business. The problems I found are relatively minor, though significant enough to lower my review score from 5 to 4 stars.  My  picky-ness grows out of the six hundred plus doll hair price tag, which raises my expectations. I'll spill most of my pixel ink on the bitching and throw in some moaning for good measure.HTC Sense keyboard:50 points deducted from House Griffendor for LACK OF A NUMERIC KEYPAD FUNCTIONALITY in the HTC Sense keyboard.  Today I was using the phone to complete my Driver License renewal application.  Certain fields required long sequences of numbers and I hate, hate, HATE using the crappy, horizontally laid out number pad (as you find directly above your QWERTY keyboard) for numeric entry.  So.  Damned. Tedious.  If you fill out a lot of form stuff on-line (e.g. booking travel, setting up new shopping accounts, adding phone contacts manually), this may really stick in your craw.Transferred Videos Formatted Upside Down:I remove the SD card (awesome upgrade from the M7) to transfer my video mp4 files onto my Windows laptop, only to discover every single video file plays upside down on WMP and VLC. Grrrrr! I've been able to find NO EASY FIXES. The software fixes require time-consuming video-recoding which sometimes degrade video quality.  I make lots of movies with this phone (very good video), but this bug really hobbles usability of the videos once they leave the phone's storage.  C'mon guys.  Video orientation isn't rocket science.Image Stabilization Removed:This isn't a huge issue if you're up to speed on the Zoe Photo shooting style (photos are mini-videos essentially).  But the Zoe interface is less user friendly compared to the M7 phone.  You're now required to press and hold the shutter icon instead of an automatic 3 second Zoe made with a single tap.  Basically, single snap photos come out with more shaky/blurry results, so you're kind of forced to rely on Zoe mode, which is 90% awesome and 10% tedious.Auto-hiding Home button and Back button:Annoyingly, HTC made the M8 model with on-screen BACK, HOME, and recently-used APP buttons, instead of the dedicated capacitive buttons of the M7.  The upside is you get more screen real estate to work with, but now those 3 buttons auto-hide and tapping your screen to get them to scroll back into view sometimes disrupts your current open app.Those are the annoyances on my radar.  They represent less than 3% of my day-to-day experience, so I still love this device (and feel so much better having vented a bit with you, dear reader).  At this price point, I would hope for something a little closer to perfection.  In fact, HTC's prior generation One device (M7), is a phone I actually love a bit more than the M8...even though the specs are a bit more modest.  If you're new to the HTC/Android phone market, I would actuallly recommend going with the M7 which is now an easy 5-star device at its Fore Hun Dread Buck price point (as of 07/2014).

I'm pretty happy with this smartphone, it's the best one that I've had. The hardware and the software of this phone area perfect combination, now I don't have problems with the fluency thanks to the Snapdragon 801 and the 2 GB of RAM,I can open and open applications and the performance is high all the day.PROS:+ Premium desing and high quality materials+ Screen size and quality+ HTC BOOMSOUND, the sound is amazing!!!+ Extreme Power Saving Mode is very helpful+ Camara effects (UFocus, 3D)+ Front Cam is great+ Sense 6.0 is a friendly UICONS:- UltraPixel Camera, that's good but should be improved

In spite of ultra pixels, 4 megapixel camera still makes me feel bad.

About Me: I have been the Apple fanboy for the past few years. From the 3GS to iPhone 5S and Macbook and iPad geek. Never owned a flagship Android base phone. I am an average technology geek look for high end technology at low budget costs for good features.Impressions: Since the M7 to the M8 Leaks, I had fallen in love with the phone. The elegant and classy look just compelled my eyes. I knew I had to have this phone. The front speakers and overall appearance of the phone stole me. I went in blind to the Android world.The &#34;M8&#34;: I have been using the phone for the past 5 days, and I have to say I absolutely love the phone. Everyday I learn something new about the phone and it surprises me. The fast processor loads programs in a flash then multitasking is amazing.The so called bad crappy is not of an issue to me since im not a big camera fanatic and it shouldnt be a big judgement on the phone. Personally, I find myself having so much fun with the camera from the 3D dimensions to the unfocusing and stickers.  The front speakers are really amazing sounds like concert coming from the phone. The 5 inch 1080p display is amazing to watch videos and just gaze at your phone. The slim design makes comfortable in one hand. The catches other iOS users to analyze my phone consider actually buying it. Its great phone and I would recommend to everyone. Never worry about space with the extra MicroSD slot.Pros:-Sleek & Elegant.-Front Speakers-Camera Effects(find your self becoming a photographer)-Face Recognition unlocking-4.4.2 Kit Kat-Motion Launch-MicroSD(Up 128GB)-Ultra Fast load times.- Control your TVCons:-UltraPixel Camera(sometime you can notice it, not a big concern)-Not waterproofPersonally to me no real cons.Good phone to transfer over to if your a iOS user.

Love it so much that , I cant even know how to express my feelings for this product

I recently purchased the HTC One M8 for the AT&T; network.  I was upgrading from an iPhone 4s. I am a heavy business phone used, with a total of about 50 phone calls a day, plus emails and texts.  No games and limited videos. The 4s is superb phone for these purposes, and allows me to accomplish what matters quickly and easily: making money.Recently, I had decided I should get a larger screen, as the 3.5 inch on the 4s is somewhat small when I have to read pdf documents that are emailed to me.  After researching a new phone, the HTC seemed like a great one.  I use google apps heavily, and thought using an Android phone made sense for compatibility purposes.  The larger screen would allow me to better read, edit and process pdf docs for clients and colleagues.  However, it soon became apparent that manipulating the larger phone with one hand (while driving, typing or any other task) is much more difficult.  You press the wrong buttons often. Additionally, often you have to press the same spot on the phone several times to get action.  A task I use heavily, copying the number on a received call in order to paste it in an email to my staff to respond to, is not able to be accomplished with one click and hold.The ergonomics of the phone are poor.  It is not comfortable to have up to your ear for long periods of time.  Additionally, you can often put the phone to your ear and get poor volume, because you are not on the speaker properly.  I never had this problem with my iphone.  To be fair, I never put a case on the phone (it did not arrive before I returned the phone after 5 days of use.) A case may have made it more comfortable and easy to manipulate.  The absolute deal breaker for me was when I was listening to a voice mail, and I received a call.  After pressing the answer button several times, the call was picked up, but my voicemail continued playing! That's right.  I had a potential client talking while I was hearing my voice mail as well.  Simply an unacceptable bug.  In the end, I went back to my iphone 4s, and will wait for a different model to come out.  I will definitely avoid such a large phone in the future though.

My 3 previous cellphones were: Nexus 4, Nexus 4 (fist one had screen broken after a fall), Moto X Dev Edtion, Sony Xpezia Z1. What I can tell you is once you have a Moto X you get spoiled by all the Active Display and Wakeup features, that's why I mainly replace my Z1 by the HTC One M8. Device is beautiful, finish gorgeous. As for the UI, best closest to the Pure Android Experience.I'm not a big fan of Cam, so I really don't care about the downgrade from a 20.3 mp to a 4mp. The picture quality are good enough, bright, alive to share with others in smartphones or computers. Zoe is excellent, Boomsound is amazing comparing to the crappy sound/speakers from the Z1.If you're looking for a camera, by a Z1 or Z2. if you're looking for a nice smartphone, with nice UI and features, 6months screen replace for free, then get this HTC One. In my personal opening, the form facto is far superior to the Z1. Only Moto X, can compete because of the curve back.

this Is not a  factory unlocked phone, its from att. Full of limitations from att outside usa.Is imposible to update. No tethering wifi.Tks

I don't want to write down a full summary of this phone with pros and cons. Everyone one has personal opinions and tastes on cell phones, I can just guarantee something, once you have this cell phone in your hand, you won't go back. And the phone does what a high-tech phone is almost obliged to do, there might be a few features that you would like to have like wireless charging, perhaps a better camera (4 ultra pixel is okay, but again, just okay), but in the end, is a piece of art, impressed with the battery life.If you want to have the ONE Android cell phone in the market, don't hesitate and get this cell phone. Kuddos to HTC, they did make it better.

I am a big fan of this device. It has the things I need in a phone. It has a kids mode, an extreme battery saving mode (life saver for a guy who is always out and about without a charger/ open plug in), and it has great photo editing features that don't feel gimmicky.  I would definitely buy this phone again.

My previous device was HTC Sensation  and I had it plugged-in all the time, this HTC one is a real step forward for the company. The interface is easy, the camera resolution is excellent and the battery life is impressive!

I bought the HTC One M8 [Gold] at launch directly from HTC. The phone came when promised, unlocked and ready to go. It is a quality product, no question about it. The hype it received was justified, and right on target. I watched the launch presentation by company executives as it was being streamed online. Great job, HTC at beating the &#34;Big-boys&#34; to the market place with an exceptional phone. &#34;Bravo&#34;. However, the most intriguing aspect of the entire launch was the &#34;Dot View&#34; case, and HTC knew it going in, and they dropped the ball. The &#34;dot View&#34; cases were not available in any kind of numbers, nor does HTC know when they would become available. it's been nearly a month since launch and no cases. I mean, NONE. After-market suppliers have none and big phone carriers such-as, Verizon [who had exclusivity at launch] Best buy and AT&T, all, have no cases. You may find one on eBay, if your willing to take your chances on &#34;might haves&#34; or &#34;may ship&#34;. Without the &#34;Dot View&#34; case the HTC One M8 is just another phone [albeit] a very good one. Had I known the cases would be a problem, I would have waited. With hindsight and a clearer picture, now I see it was better to wait, just to see if HTC would come through with the cases to make the phone the sensation its been to this point. You would think when introduced, everything presented would be available, not in this case. [no pun intended]. 5 stars for the phone, 2 taken away for lack of insight regarding the &#34;Dot View&#34; cases availability at this late date.

I choose this unlocked phone because of our international travels. It has all the programs, apps and features you could possibly want in a cell phone. It is a top performer.

So HTC thinks they can create an Andriod and not include the best features.... That is one of the reason that company is not making money!!! This phone has no MULTI-TASK!! WTF!!! That is retarded!!! There is no way to look at all the files on the phone!!! HTC needs to stop making s***ty phones!!!! The camera is garbage!!! the phone takes forever to charge!!! it gets super hot!!! and on and on and on!!! I regret getting this phone!! If I could return the phone i would!!

I like the camera , it's very fast and the most important the design of this phone damn it's very gorgeous

Right now (May, 2014), bluetooth only works for some devices, not including my Bose bluetooth in-ear headset which is the very best bluetooth headset I have ever found and which I cannot live without. Very sloppy for a 2014 smartphone, I'd say.

No need to write a long review, this is simply a perfect phone from every single point of view. I love it.

I just received the phone today and it is just marvelous. Before I used Galaxy S3 and Note 3, they just don't give you the feeling, after holding this one in hand, you feel that you have made the right choice. Plastic material is not for the phones, i just feel being amused by Samsung after all. The most striking part with this phone is the audio speaker. Ok, the camera is not its best but it is just enough for a phone at this time of tech. Compared to Iphones, the build quality is comparable, but as this device gives you a powerful android without any lags so way more flexible then IOS system which limits you all the time. I was waiting for LG G3 for its Quad HD screen, but this phone has a great one as well. I don't want to hold a plastic any more.So my opinions in brief:Pros:- Audio Speaker quality, boom sound- Built quality- Great front camera- Android is smooth- Better interface HTC Sense 6Cons:- mediocre camera system

It is the best phone I ever used so far and the camera is just amazing! I'm loving everything about this phone, the best part the battery lasts for a long time, one thing that is a big problem with all the android phones. I would recommend anyone to buy this phone.

One would think that there is nothing much to improve upon the HTC One (M7) as it was sleek, powerful and excellence and HTC One M8 would just be an incremental upgrade that give you only a minimum performance boost or some gimmick features like some other manufacturer out there which does not worth upgrading at all.HTC have proven everyone wrong, the HTC One M8 have a few key improvement and innovations, which make it another revolutionary device in the mobile industry. After upgrading from an HTC One (M7) to an HTC One M8 on 5 April 14, both myself and my girlfriend is still amazed with the improvement HTC brought to the M8, and I must share it with you:1. Duo Camera - While people are skeptical and some reviews are constantly claiming the low megapixel count will means low quality pictures. This is not true, the optic performance of the ultra-pixel camera along with the supporting lens is superb. The added depth information allow the pictures to have better color reproduction, the ability to refocus the shots after taking is just something that was only available in DSLR previously.2. Amazing Battery Life - The average battery life of my HTC One M7 was 18-20 hrs with about 3 hrs of screen on time, which is pretty amazing, my daily data usage is about 150-200MB on 4G network all time. With the same usage pattern I now get an average of 24hrs with 5-6hrs of screen on time. Some friends are getting two full days of usage isn't that amazing?3. The new BlinkFeed - Okay blinkfeed was available in the HTC One M7, but HTC have redesign it and it is now become better. A lot of people are thinking BlinkFeed is flipboard, my answer is that is totally wrong, blinkfeed work very differently, it is more intelligent and more seemless in usage. Basically once you have set up the information source that you are interested in, blinkfeed will create a profile and make the information available in a screen and it get updated as per the schedule.There are many more great features that I am still exploring after 2 month of using it. If you are out in the market looking for a new phone, this phone although is a little pricey is actually a bargain because of it quality and functionality. So get yours now!

Receiver a faulty device, front camera would crash as soon as it opened, never showing any images, just a black screen.Awaiting replacement.

a great phone

I got the HTC One M7 about a year ago and was hesitant to upgrade to the M8.  After all, the M7 is still a fast phone, is beautiful, and is still a sexy phone.  Well, I got the chance to get a unit from HTC to review, test, demo, etc. and I can say whole-heartedly:  It IS worth the upgrade.Sound:  HTC switched from Beats Audio to their own Boomsound software to enhance sound.  It's hard to say if one is better than the other as they both have advantages in certain scenarios, but one thing is clear:  this phone is MUCH louder than the M7 and still sounds great!  I cannot impress upon you how much everyone is impressed when I share a video with friends around the table.  The headphone jack on this one gets a touch louder than the previous version as well.The display is beautiful.  I have to say that it's really hard to tell a difference from the already great M7 display except for two things:  1.  It's bigger.  2. the auto-brightness works better (the M7 wanted to go a touch brighter than I wanted it and was slower to adjust than the M8.  The M8 is faster to adjust, stays at a better level indoors and gets to the super-bright I need in direct sunlight.Design:  When the photos of this phone came out, I didn't think it looked as nice as the previous version.  Once I saw the new one in person, I have to say that pictures do not do it justice.  It looks better than the previous one.  The tolerances and seams are so much tighter than last year's (which was awesome to begin with and put competitors to shame).  The finish looks really expensive and, contrary to many comments, is not slippery at all (feels noticeably less slippery than a phone from a larger competitor that my employer issued to me).  The glass layer over the speakers grills is a really nice touch.Camera:  The camera is really great.  It gets better white balance than the previous version and is super fast.  I can get great pictures of food in a dim bar and it gets the colors right on top of that without noise or grain! Example in a dark restaurant:[...]I'm very fond of the UFocus feature which lends a really nice bokeh effect thanks to the second "depth of field" camera on the back.  Amazingly, the selfie-cam is 5MP which really takes awesome shots worth keeping!  Seriously...have you ever seen a front facing shot that was worthing keeping or in which you didn't kick yourself for using the front camera?!  People complain of lack of detail...look at this picture and notice the subtle veins on the flower! [...]I've used this phone side by side with a larger competitors phone and this one is noticeably faster.  Really...go into a store and try it.  You'll be amazed and won't be able to go back.Something I really, really love with this phone:  with either the Dot View case or the standard flip cover case (I've used both extensively), the phone sleeps or unlocks with an open or close of the case without having to swipe to unlock.  I really like this touch!Finally...Blinkfeed:  I really, really love this!  If you've ever used Flipboard, Google Currents, or other news aggregators, you'll wonder how they got it so wrong once you try Blinkfeed for a week.  It has everything I want in a pretty format (like Flipboard) but way, way faster.Do yourself a favor and get this phone.  You'll wonder why you ever used the competition after you do.

Recently moved from Samsung (S4) and no regrets remain. Pure Android that provide you what really matters.

Its great, really the best phone in the world, and beatiful. have a nice day! Saludos desde Ciudad de Mexico

This is one of the best android phones of 2014, it is right up there with the iphone 5s, Samsung GS5 and the Sony Z2. The most noticeable thing about this phone is its superior build quality, gone are the days of plastic backs and flimsy design as this phone is all metal and exudes luxury. This phone is the iphone of the android ecosystem.The screen on this phone is one of the best that I have used to date, it has a 5' display with a crystal clear picture, true colors and not once have I come across an issue regarding screen brightness.The front facing HTC boom sound speakers are the best speakers put on a phone, EVER. The sound quality and loudness are astonishing, they easily beat the loudness of my ipad and at times drown out the sound of my TV set. In short, smartphone audio has never sounded better....or louder.The phones internals(CPU and Ram) are near identical to the other two industry leading smartphones on the market right now(GS5 and Z2). The phone is lightning quick and easily handles anything you throw its way, android OS has never been faster or more responsive.The Sense 6 user interface is one of the cleanest and most intuitive android skins to date and is only rivaled by stock android which is only available on nexus and google play edition devices. The Sense 6 UI easily puts to shame Samsung&#8217;s TouchWiz UI and Sony&#8217;s Xperia UI. This is how an android skin should be, true to its android roots with a few minor tweaks to capitalize on the hardware. The only minor complaint I have regarding the UI is the fact that you have to scroll up/down when you want to navigate the app tray as opposed to side to side.The phones battery stamina is what I expected it to be, it will get you through a whole day with light to moderate use and you will be charging this phone every night. The Sense UI does include two power saving modes(PSM), standard and extreme. The standard PSM throttles the phones processing power along with a few other of its internals in order to extend the phones battery life throughout the day and the phone works as usual. The extreme PSM is a little different, when activated its essentially turns your phone into a dumbphone getting rid of most of the phones capabilities and giving you access only to the phone and text messaging capabilities of the phone along with the ability to check your email inbox yourself(no auto updates); This mode will extend the battery life a significant amount(HTC promises 14 days of life on a single charge or 15 hrs from 5 % battery while on this mode). You can set extreme PSM to activate automatically when your phones battery hits a certain percentage and, just like that, gone are the days of &#8220;Hey, do you have a charger? My phones about to die.&#8221;.Now, for the disappointing part of the phone, the camera. I am not saying that the camera on this phone is bad, but it&#8217;s not great either. The phone is equipped with a 4 UltraPixel camera(Who are we kidding, it&#8217;s a 4 megapixel camera with a fancy name, nice try marketing department) along with a second lens/depth sensor. I will focus on the main camera as I find the depth sensor lens to be quiet gimmicky and of no significant use. The camera takes decent photos that are more than good enough to take pictures that are meant for facebook and for day to day use. The images from a non-zoomed perspective look good, but when you zoom in, the photo suffers as the pixilation becomes evident. If you are looking for a camera to take photos which you will frame, look elsewhere. It really is a shame that the depth sensor  took precedence over upgrading the main lens(even an upgrade to 6 MP would have done the job) as that is the only thing keeping the phone from being called &#8220;the best phone of 2014, period&#8221;. The front facing camera is a 5MP sensor (Yes, the front facing camera has more pixels than the main one) and works just as expected, good enough for  video chats and selfies.A few things worth mentioning, the phone does gets a little warm over prolonged use(this is standard will all the new snapdragon 801 processors), but it doesn't get uncomfortable, and that the phone is a little larger than other phones in its class as a result of the two boom sound speakers.In conclusion, This phone is a delight to use, a safe bet and is definitely &#8220;one of the best phones of 2014&#8221;.

The best phone purchase decision I have made till date. Flows like butter and is amazing in the functions that it performs. A must buy for any tech buff.

I bought from HeavyDuty  Electronics and i received a Taiwanese model. problem #1: there is a local application that keeps popping up in chinese and that i cant remove/disable (weibo). problem #2: I broke the screen and because it is not a US model, it doesn't have the HTC advantage service! So I will have to go to a street store and take the risk of breaking the phone apart.

The item is so great over my expectation  and has so many features still i don't get the skill on the camera features

Confirming it is an ATT phone... but as HTC tells me directly, they sell to ATT with the intent to be resold as a non corporate phone with no company logo, and is unlocked from the factory at HTC as per ATT specs.HTC knowingly sells visually unbranded - unlocked phones with the intent to obfuscate they are actually internally branded...and suffer the limitations.It also gets in the way of servicing and replacement. The one time cracked screen replacement offer could have you ending up with a phone with a big COMPANY LOGO on the phone your replacement from HTC.And HTC just says ...&#34;well you really bought an ATT phone, you just didn't know!&#34;  Case closed.Also!! The box came with cheap non-HTC earphones! Switched!...from Amazon.

Replaced my HTC One M7.  Battery life is excellent lasting a solid two days.  Its a little heavy but the all metal construction is worth it.

oh my I sooo Love this phone.! I had an SG5 before this and I didnt like it, this phone is wayyyyyy muuuuch better than SG5 and iphone, love the camera, how i personalize everything, more cool and useful features and of course the look the metal case makes it more classic, and sleek, not just your typical android phone.

Many people are like me, switching to an Android device could be quiet a big decision. I have always been a big supporter of iOS and iPhones. Android to me has always been a faceless copycat of iOS. My girlfriend's horrendous experience with MyTouch only deepened my hate for Android phones. My firm believe in Apple was only shaken after I realized that I robotically bought iPhone 5 without even giving it much thought. I felt like I was really excited but didn't know what was I excited for. After a just year of using iPhone 5, I could no longer tolerate its lack of customization and jokingly small screen. I started to explorer other options. Out of my phones on the market, the first generation HTC One stood out the most. Although I didn't pull the trigger on the first generation, I was certainly dazzled by its incomparable beauty.I bought my HTC One M8 on launch date after checking out a variety of reviewers online. It is one of the most critically acclaimed smartphones out there and those claims are consistent and to me, true. It is hard to not like the exterior as very few cellphones are made with such attention to detail and the whole phone feels just very good in my hands. The newest Android and the the new sense were very kind to a noobie Android newcomer like me. Even though I am somewhat a tech geek, it took me very little time to become fluent with the new Android kitkat. The new expansion slot makes larger storage versions of HTC almost waste of money. The speaker deserves the hype. At this point, it's almost a joke for the phone makers still use any kind of non-stereo speakers. The crystal clean screen is such a dramatic improvement over the iPhone 5 simply because of its size. Navigating through apps and making phone calls never experience lags thanks to the powerful snapdragons.The camera gets the most hate on the new HTC and honestly I don't know why HTC couldn't up the specs to be on par with other flagship phones. But most people, and I mean perhaps more than 95% of smartphone users, the lack of high pixel density makes very little difference in real life. People nowadays share filter processed photos on Instagram and Facebooks and these photos, especially the ones that are filtered, will likely not experience any pixel related problems. The only time m8 camera is a problem is when you have to print it out. So do not let this be a lame reason not to get this amazing phone.As with anything, the HTC one m8 might not be for everyone, but I encourage anyone who is slightly interested in switching from Apple to Android or Android geeks to hold the HTC One in your hands and feel the metal kissing your palms in the most beautiful way.

I love it! It has so many new features with pics and the quality of the photos is excellent. I recommend it.

Though the discription is wrong the phone was packaged neatly and is very awesome its also gold unlocked and from Verizon

The HTC M8 is a true work of art. I've been an HTC fan since the original Desire, and their phones have been very good. Still, there was always something lacking from each one. In my opinion, the one pure jewel HTC produced was the Evo 4G. It received updates, it had 4G, it had a beautiful display at the time, a great camera, a kickstand, just about everything you would want in a phone in 2010. It has been a while since HTC has created a phone as good as that one. The HTC One came close, but its battery was lackluster and its camera didn't produce the best shots.However, I picked up the M8 on the first day regardless. My phone set up before the M8 was a Droid DNA and iPhone 5S. I also recently picked up a Moto X and Nexus 5 for fun. With that said, as soon as I picked up the M8 out of the box, I was shocked by the amazing build quality. This is unmatched and goes beyond what the iPhone and the original One had. I like to call it a metal pillow because it feels so soft yet so sterile at the same time. Its rounded back and the smooth aluminum finish makes it feel like one of the most, if the not the most, premium phone on the market. With my first impression already being positive, I quickly put the box aside and turned the phone on. I was soon greeted a bright, vibrant 1080p display. This is arguably the best panel I've ever seen. The Droid DNA and HTC One M7 all had 1080p displays but it was not as bright and not as accurate. The iPhone 5S and Nexus 7 are regarded as very accurate displays and having both on hand, I compared them with the M8 and I have to say the M8 have the best out of them. The colors pop, but not as strong and artificial as the AMOLED screens yet the tones are more realistic than the Nexus 7. This is a great display.Moving on to using the phone, Sense 6 is a great improvement on the already good Sense 5. It retains the same features, but is a complete redesign with a flatter, modern UI. Every app is equipped with a vibrant palette of colors that extend to the notification bar, which looks fantastic on this beautiful screen. Every aspect is improved, Blinkfeed now includes more extensions and the home buttons are on screen for better comfort. The phone is faster, more feature packed than any previous iteration. Using apps are a joy, when there is no lag to be seen. Playing intense games like Modern Combat, Riptide 2, and Spiderman 2 show impressive details yet not dropping a single frame.There are also 2 very cool hardware features HTC put into the phone. That is the Duo Camera and the BoomSound speakers. BoomSound was present in the original One M7 which was widely praised by critics but this is even better. It's louder(25% according to HTC), clearer, and has an improved engine that spreads the sound further for a more immersive stereo feel. These are the only speakers on a phone that sound phenomenal, it is unmatched by small, tinny speakers on competitors(cough* Samsung). The Duo Camera was originally dismissed as a gimmick, but it is actually a very functional set of cameras. It allows for depth information that software simply can't do. It captures depth with every single image so you don't have to worry about turning on a feature or worrying about not taking a picture right. After taking the picture you can refocus, adjust how much blur you want, and pick any area on the picture instead of just front and back like other phones. The front camera also is the best on any phone with 5 MP and a selfie mode specifically made for taking self portraits.Overall, this is a fantastic, fantastic phone. It has everything you could want in a phone. It lasts a long time, I got 35 hours on one charge! I have it set to turn on battery saver at 20% which gives me an extra 2 hours or so and at 5%, HTC Extreme Battery Mode turns on and I get another 6 hours or so at 5% while retaining the ability to text, call, use email, and calculator. Knowing all this, there is no reason not to get this phone. Great design, great display, fast, smart, great speakers, great battery, it's a damn near perfect phone.

Really the best phone i purchase everso beautiful designperfect qualityhorrible soundand because i trust my best site amazoni bought the phone ( specially when i searched about 32 version )

Pros:Glacial SilverAmazing look and buildGood call quality (AT&T;)Interesting featuresAlthough everyone flips at OMG ONLY 5 MEGAPIXELS?! camera takes beautiful pictures (better than my wife's iPhone 4S)Battery life is above averageLack of bloatwareHuge screenCons:Slippery for smaller handsVolume button is easily activatedAluminum body means easy scratches and dents (get a case/cover! I thought I could get away without one)

Good

It is a fantastic phone, no doubt about it. But apparently the factory unlocked Developer edition doesn't support the CDMA bands which Verizon requires. Figured it out after a couple of visits to the store. The product description is misleading as it states that it works with all the carriers.

I have had the HTC One M8 for about a month maybe a little over. I absolutely love this device. I feel like it will never have any issues. I am not worried about dropping it or putting it in a case, which speak to the build quality of the device. The motion launch gestures took some getting used to, but once I did, it became a very useful trick. Especially during those times in bed where using two hands is just too tiring. The sound quality is similar to the HTC One M7, and so that means it is fantastic. I am a YouTube junkie, and usually am watching videos while outside. So being able to hear them without having to carry my headphones around is a big plus. I love the Duo camera features. UFocus has become one of my norms now when taking pics. Although I wish these features were available when taking photos under manual settings and not just when using &#8220;auto&#8221;. I find that I don&#8217;t need to charge my device every day, though I do charge it at night due to habit. I am a heavy user so my battery can drain at any moment, this is why I also love the addition of the Extreme Power Saving Mode-haven&#8217;t had to use it yet, but nice to know it&#8217;s there. Calls come in clear, when T-Mobiles network allows me to, and video quality is perfect. I am not sure what else to say, I absolutely love the HTC One M8, and if you&#8217;re considering it, than I hope this has helped you to make the right decision.

This is a beautiful piece of hardware, but I just don't understand why people think the Duo Camera is a good system. I think it is terrible. Most of the photos are completely blown out and there is such a crazy difference between the HDR and regular auto mode that it is like two completely different cameras were used. Plus the image quality is just plain fuzzy and lacks detail of other comparable phones (most likely due to the 4MP limitation). It's a real head-scratcher that the HTC developers chose this route. My Nexus 5 consistently delivers sharper, more true colors and better pictures across the board when I take the same picture using the same setting with both phones. In a market where the camera is fast-becoming the deciding factor for consumers' choice of cell phones, this one is a really huge disappointment.And though the M8 is beautiful, the aluminum body has to be covered by a case to be used in every day life and that's a shame, because it ironically defeats the phone's stellar hardware design. My Nexus 5 has not had a case since I bought it in February, and it has survived several drops with aplomb. Plus, I just love its sleek minimalist design, and slim, lightweight profile. After loving my M7 and switching to the Nexus 5 until the M8 came out, I personally think my phone does not have to be a big statement piece; rather it needs to be functional, simple, elegant, fast, sturdy, and have the ability to take a really nice photo quickly and without a lot of fuss. I am constantly being complemented on the photos from my Nexus 5. Constantly! And at the half the price of other flagship phones; the Nexus is a keeper.

This phone is great.  I love all the features that it has to offer.  It is technologically up to date and then some.  By far, this is one of the best phones I've ever bought.

You will love the phone, but if you have to call support to get a swap (since mine was faulty) 2business days has turned into 2 weeks, and I still don't have my replacement phone yet. Every time I call for a tier 2 support person, I get the run around with no solution. I won't go back to htc just for the support issue. I may have been converted to apple finally. I know they would not leave me without a phone for 2 weeks.

this phone is a at&t; phone not as advertized and it wasn't a new phone had pictures of first ownerstill in the camera. i kept it because it is a great phone it is just not as advertized!

I definitely recommend this to buyers who are just starting to look into buying new android phones. As always, HTC has produced a great phone.

What else do you need to know? Love the quality, love the camera. The little features, like the way it puts together clips from the photos and videos you take set to music, are outstanding. Forget plastic, Aluminum is the way to go!

the mobile is not working after one month and half only of usage how can i believe that , bad experience

My profession has me using every high end phone on the market on a regular basis.  This is by far the best phone in ALMOST every way on the market.  See my pros / cons list.Pros:- The exterior of M8 is better than any device I have ever picked up.  ANY DEVICE.  It is perfect.  It is even nicer than the iPhone 5s.  It is brushed and cuved perfectly with no sharp edges.  This is how the best phone should feel!  I have been able to check out the new Galaxy S5 (mind you I love my Galaxy S4) and it feels like a toy compared the the HTC One M8.- Expandable memory (THANK YOU)- High end processor- Plenty of ram- Plenty of storageCons:- THE CAMERA!  I take a lot of pictures.  This camera is good but not great.  My Galaxy S4 has a nicer camera.  I took 5 pictures side by side... Zoomed in on all of them and it was clear in every picture that the S4 camera was better.  On a near flawless phone you have to have a better camera than last years competition!- No Removable battery.  Perhaps this is why the device has an absolutely flawless exterior but I would have really liked to see a removable battery.- Not waterproof.  I know, you can't have it all but if you could get this in there that would really cover every base.

I was really excited for this phone. I have been an ardent HTC fan right from the HTC Hero days and upto the HTC One M7. I waited for the stock to be available at Amazon and ordered the phone just as soon as I could get it. As soon as the phone arrived, I noticed a big scratch on the bottom of the phone (below the bottom speaker ) , out of the box. I am really disappointed with HTC's QC.Not sure if I'll wait for a replacement , hence I have filed for a return. I think it would be best to just wait for a few months and HOPE that HTC can figure out their QC or else I'll just call it a day on the brand itself.

Screen goes black and will not come back on.Have to force a hard reset.Fourth time this has happened,  hard reset is not working so far.Google search shows this is common enough to have generated a few &#34;how to recover from&#34; articles on Web.

I had a HTC One before the M8. It is lightning fast, latest Android version, incredible display, incredible camera, battery lasts 3 days using always 3g (no wi-fi)!! My &#34;iPhone&#34; friends were very impressed. Very well finished.

I've only had this for a day, but alreay like it. We'll see if I come to love it. It's a beautiful gunmetal grey with striations across the back. It well and truely is &#34;factory unlocked:&#34; the default language is Chinese. It's got a high resolution screen and the body is thinner and a tiny bit more narrow than the previous phones I've had (Nexus 4, LG G2). Has a nice hand feel but it's a bit heavy compared to the plastic bodied smartphones. Also, unlike other phones I've used, not all of my apps were automatically downloaded when I logged into my Google account. But those apps showed up in the Android Play store under my apps so all I had to down was hit the download button......for each one. The best thing is that all Google apps (in Android 4.4.) are now voice enabled....search, mail, contacts, browser, maps. Anyway, this phone has received rave reviews from all the top fan boy tech sites so I say give it a try if you're in the market for some new tech.

The HTC One M8 is probably THE best looking cell phone of all time !But it's not for everyone.Unfortunately the camera phone is terrible ! Not what I was expecting from a high end smart phone.I've been waiting to exchange this one for the premium version HTC have announced at some moment ( better phone camera and larger RAM )but now that have canceled it I'm seriously considering buying the just released Samsung's Galaxy S5 K ZoomMy friend bought one yesterday and I have to say that Samsung have done a great job on this oneNot the best looking though :D

I recently sold my Note 3 because it was so buggy, it constantly froze and frequently rebooted at the worst times.  This phone has been awesome so far. It's surprisingly faster than the Note 3 even though that phone has 3gb of ram while the One has 2gb. I love how light Sense 6 is. My last HTC phone was the Sensation and it sucked. HTC has stepped up their game since then. Quality built, beautiful screen and portable speaker power from smartphone speakers. Wow!

I want to know if this purchase Is real HTC One M8 Developer Edition cause in The sealed Box Don't say nothing. Response inmediatedtly

The phone is great.The only reason I'm writing this review is that I see many criticism for its camera.I have owned many phones, including iPhone 5, Note 3 and Nokia 1520. The HTC one pictures are better than all of them.Which is more  important  is the focus and exposure accuracy.The HTC pictures are perfectly in focus, and well exposed. The other phones, especially the note 3 pictures, most of the time, are not exposed accurately, so most of the time are useless.Some,  who think themselves expert, and under rated this phone are nave.You can check the photographyblog review.The rest of the phone is perfect. The built quality is superb. I'm wondering why any one will pick the S5 or an iPhone after he tries this phone unless he is..

Just awesome, great feel in hands and very fast. The rear camera could be better, but still can take good photos.

After a month of use of the phone, I can resume it in few words, in case you don't wanna read the full review: The phone is built in excellent quality materials, has an excellent performance and the optimization of the components and software makes it last enough during the day so you won't need to carry a charger with you. If the camera is not a primary need for you, this is an excellent phone and I'd recommend it to anyone.Now if you're interested in a deeper review, here we go.-DesignThe HTC One M8 is, at least in my opinion, one of the best crafted android phones out there, the quality of the materials which is built can be noticed without even touch it, and once you have it in your hand the phone gives the feeling of a premium device, just what you're paying for, since it's not cheap at all.The sleek full aluminum body costs its price in the weight of the phone though, making it one of the heaviest smartphones out there, only comparable with the Sony Xperia Z2; I previously had a Galaxy S4, which is supposed to be way more lighter due to the materials difference, however in my personal experience it's really hard to have a S4 without a case and keep it intact, the plastic can be easily scratched and the material is a fingerprints magnet, so the weight it gains in favor of lighter materials, ends up being gained again for the case. After using the M8 for a month I can say the materials are good enough to not get scratches for normal use, and fingerprints are out of discussion.As a negative point I'd say as many others, the space in the front of the logo is completely unnecessary and only adds some dead height to the phone, however you can still navigate through all of the screen with a hand in most of situations with ease.In my personal opinion, the decision about putting the power button in the top at the phone is more than accurate, I lost count on how many times I turned screen on with my previous phone while I was putting in into the pocket cause I accidentally touched the button on the edge while holding it, this combined with the gestures to unlock the screen makes you forget about the lock button, which not makes it uncomfortable in the end.-ScreenThe M8 screen it's a beautiful screen, I was a bit worried about this cause I was used to the AMOLED displays from Samsung, but once used this one for a while I should say, in my personal opinion is way more better, because color saturation is more accurate to natural tones, except for some green tones, I don't know if it's because all of the time I've spent with AMOLED screens, but they seem way bright in the M8 screen, the first time was uncomfortable and still don't like how do they seem at all. An example of these green tones are present in the google play store in the apps and games buttons, I'll add some images later from the phone so you can appreciate it.In terms of brightness the M8 has a good brightness scale: the lowest brightness is enough to light the screen while you're reading in the dark without being annoying, and the highest one is too bright for my personal like in normal light situations (cause I don't like high brightness in my screens anyway) but it's enough to be able to watch the content of the screen against direct sunlight, which I appreciate a lot considering in the same conditions with my previous phone I was just able to see some purple brights most of the time.The automatic brightness could be improved later, looks so close to the highest brightness for my personal likes.-CameraThis was one of the things that kept me skeptical about the phone cause I heard a lot of complains about the first HTC One and the Ultra Pixel technology, so I was expecting ugly and blurry photos. I'm not a huge fan of photos and I don't take a lot of them with the phone, maybe I'm not the best person to make a review from it, but the ones I've taken seems fair enough for me, the colors are good, the camera is fast and results are decent. Off course, it has the limitations of what every 4 pixel camera (being ultra or mega pixel) could have, and it's the lack of detail and sharpness as soon as you start zooming the photo. However if you're gonna take pics just for selfies, casual food hipster photos and to send some images from whatsapp or facebook (which in whatsapp case are resized anyway) the quality of the photos are good enough, there is very detailed reviews about this at Internet if you need more info about it.Duo camera bring some interesting effects, some more polished than others, the most interesting for many people, ufocus, actually works, but it's not the most polished of them, I have to say in some situations the area is not well defined, but for general purpose will behave as you expect most of times.If it's true more mega pixels doesn't fully means a better camera, it's also true this one still lacks of the minimum required amount of pixels to be at pair with his competitors, I hope they find a way to add more pixels to the camera, this would make cover the weakest point of this phone.-AudioThis topic is with no doubt one of the shiniest for HTC, last year's One was way more ahead from the rest, and this year they've done it again. Frontal double speakers sacrifices some height from the phone, making it as tall as other with bigger screens, but the sound quality is out of discussion. This year Sony got close by bringing their speaker to the front as well which improved the audio, but I think HTC is still better, and I've seen some serious audio reviews which also thinks so, but in the end it's a personal preference, none of them are perfect.-Memory and BatterySince I was using the S4, I've never been able to fill up the memory, cause I tend to close what I'm not using, I'm not the most memory demanding user over there. If you feel like fitting in my profile, 2GB of RAM should be enough for you, and maybe most of people, since in the end few manufacturers gave the jump into the 3GB scale. I've been using around 10 apps in the background with no weird behaviors, everything works as expected.Before talking about battery duration let's define my usage patterns: daily usage includes web browsing, reading books and news, checking mail, social networks and sometimes playing some 3D games, which makes me a kind of heavy user.The battery was one of the things that impressed me more from this phone. My previous phone had a 2600 mAh, which used to last in average more than 3 and less than 4 hours of screen on before battery runs out, sometimes I was close to the 4 hours, in terms of hours without having to charge the phone that meant 8-10 hours on the heaviest use I gave it, 12 average and having power saving options on except for processor one, 14-16 on light use and around 20 hours using power saving additional options, being that the record I got with that phone.The HTC One M8 comes with a 2600 mAh battery too, in terms of screen on hours before the battery runs out, it lasts in average more than 5 hours and less than 6 and I've passed the 6 hours sometimes. In terms of hours without charging the phone, that's around 14 hours on heavy usage, 16-24 hours on lighter usage and up to 40 hours on weekends when I use the phone the less, without using any power saving option, and being my current record on this one. This 'no power savings' statement is a bit tricky though, cause the HTC One M8 turns power saving settings automatically when battery is lower than 15%, however if you consider my previous phone had them always on, it's a huge step forward for the same battery capacity, and this is where the optimization from title comes from.-SoftwareHTC sense is extremely non intrusive personalization layer,is fast, fluid and minimalist. The applications have these same patterns and tend to add some color to the equation (not so many for application though) this can be a good or bad thing, that depends on your likes, I'll add some screenshots of the apps later. I won't add benchmarks test to talk about performance cause they've been tricked some generations ago, but in normal use around this month I haven't experienced any heavy lag, or delay which makes the phone uncomfortable to use. The phone is fast, you can feel the difference between the sanpdragon 600 and the 800 series, it executes everything smoothly.Saying there's a phone with no lag at all anytime is a beautiful lie, I've seen random lags, freezes and delays even in iPhones; this is not the perfect phone, however they barely happen, at least with the time I've been using it and with the usage I've been making of it, you can't compare it to TouchWiz, that's miles ahead in terms of lag and delay competition, even if that's not a good thing.A real downside and a bad thing of this non intrusive UI I've found is, however, the lack of a default file explorer. Android doesn't has any, and HTC won't include anyone either. If you don't use a SD card in your phone that won't be any deal, you just need to pick the one you like more from the Play Store (there are a lot, with beautiful and polished UI and a lot of people make their default from there anyway), but if you have a SD card this will mean some problems and uncomfortable situations for you; since Android 4.4 Google restricted the SD card write access to only Google apps and the third party applications installed by the manufacturer, so not having a preset one or a google provided one, you won't be able to modify anything from the SD card without connecting the phone to a PC. This can be solved with root privileges, but if you understand what that means and the consequences it has, you'll understand that's a decision you need to make and prolly HTC won't like it if you need to claim your warranty.-MiscellaneousSomething I didn't like from this phone and I liked more from my previous one that it's not covered in everywhere else, is the notification LED. This one has only 3 colors: red when battery's low, green when it's fully charged, and an orange-like for everything else; maybe there's a setting to change this, or you could use an third party application for it, but so far I haven't found any setting.-ConclusionThe HTC One M8 is an excellent piece of engineering, nicely crafted with a good performance and optimization, which however has some flaws that can be improved, some by software, and some will need to be taken in consideration, hopefully, for the next generation's model, and if you're reading the conclusion after reading the review, we can conclude you're a very patient person :)Thanks for your time, hope this turns out to be helpful for you!

HTC Never disappoints. Solid build, pleasant to hold, and great OS to boot. The Build quality is just amazing. Must buy.

Excelent phone. I was an iphone 4 user. It was nice. Then had an iphone 5 wich i thought was the best but now i own this phone THIS is the best. Bigger than the iphone 5. but faster and more versatil. I just took the Movistar sim out of my iphone 5 in venezuela and started using it.

The phone did not show any issues up until 2 months of usage. I updated blinkfeed and it crashed making the phone useless. Then I did a factory reset but then WiFi and Bluetooth stopped working. I was in the technical chat support for 3 hours and they said that I have to go to my region technical support since I happen to be in Europe at this time. My region technical support said that they can't do anything since the phone has an IMEI number from the US so now the phone is completely useless

I have been using my m8 for the past two weeks or so now. I can tell you that this is the phone to own. I used to be an iPhone user for three years shifting from 3s to 4 to 4s then realized the lie and the control of Apple so I shifted to Samsung s3 and then s4. I can tell you that Samsung is a lie. It lags and becomes slow after only 3 weeks of usage plus battery life on the Samsung and iPhone 5 and below are not comparable to m8. My phone can support me for 2 days easy with moderate use of emails and YouTube and normal calls plus what's app. I can see that my m8 will stay with me for some time to come even after the big iPhone screen. Go for m8 and nothing else!

I was so looking forward to use this phone. I read reviews praising the cam to the level of a national anthem. So, here I am teaching histology. I have seen my students making wonderful pictures with their iphones, checked out Nokia 40 MP cam reviews myself, yet I voted for M8. Soon I realized that there is no way to find the best position and take a pic of any histologic slide, after numerous attempts. After quizzing my students, I came up with the same conclusion: M8 is not the phone I can use. So, cam does not work for me the way I wished.Some reviews mentioned how easy to see the screen in sunlight. It did not work for me either.The other reason why I have chosen this phone was a future relocation back to Europe. I cannot comment on it yet, but hoping for the best.
