
I received my mate 2 yesterday and I absolutely love it! No lag, clear beautiful screen, hard to put it down! I put ADW launcher on it works like a charm, app drawer and all.

Have just received the phone, ordered at gethuawei.com. It came with a free flip case and a special cable used to charge other phones.Phone works great, battery life is simply amazing. Battery lasts over two days even with heavy use, have not seen a phone last this long yet. I am using it with Tmobile in the US and it is very fast on the Tmobile LTE network. Great job Huawei for selling such a great phone for a very decent price directly to the customer ...

Great phone and great buy! Fast, no lag, great screen, good camera, good sound quality on phone calls, good built quality and good support from Huawei. For the price you can't beat it and it sure is awsome to watch videos, photos, and to surf the web on a big screen phone.

Have used for 2 weeks, replaced Samsung Galaxy S2Big, bright screen is great for reading email, watching streaming video, GPS driving directions, etc.It is a bit big for 1 hand use.  Friend was showing off her new S5 and quickly got quiet when I pulled out the mate 2.Ram, processor, screen & camera are all a huge step up from my old S2.  I can't personally directly compare with iphones or newer samsungs but the guys in the T-Mobile store were very curious and ran it thru some tests.  Comparable or better than Samsung note 2, but not quite on par with the note 3.  June 2014 paid $300 for mate 2 with 'free' branded case/cover with the view screen vs $700 for the note 3... the mate 2 is a much better value for me.  Maybe the note 3 would last 4-5 years, but the mate 2 seems like it has plenty of capability for a 2-3 year purchase.If you are looking for a very big phone with solid capability, this is the best value available at this time in my opinion.Note:  purchased a new moto g LTE (new release of the G that has 4G/LTE capability) which was delivered a few weeks before the note 2.  The moto G LTE is pretty comparable 2 year newer, faster, smoother galaxy S2.  Paid ~$250 for the moto G LTE with case & probably wouldn't have made the purchase if we'd found the mate 2--- the extra $50 buys a lot of additional real estate.

I cannot tell you how much I love this phone, this quality phone with this price, it's totally over my expect. I love it! especially the 6.1 inches screen, smooth and sharp, finger feeling like vacation by touch the screen. With the big screen, the experience is awesome of watch movies, play games, read documents or browser internet. Guess what really make me happy --- read and edit emails, I'm always busy on my work, a lot of mails come in every day, the big screen make my work easy.The battery is excellent, I have to charge my last smart phone every day, but Mate 2 is much better, it can lasts 2 days. I'm on my phone all day. Particularly at work I'm frequently use my phone.The phone support AT&T; and T-Mobile, I'm using T-Mobile and my husband using AT&T;, I borrow him to use the phone only for one day and he wants it, he said he also love this big screen. He just bought the white one yesterday, you know what, I want to switch with him, haha!!!

I like this phone. Its big and HD screem, long time stand-by battery, smooth OS operation...It is worty of my money.

Awesome phone for this $299 price point.  I was concern about the low screen resolution before purchase but in use it's much less noticeable than I expected.  Battery life is phenomenal.  Camera in day light is also phenomenal.  Negatives are not KitKat 4.4, and poor camera in anything but bright daylight.Took a chance and put in a 64GB microSD card even though the spec and support said HAM2 only supports 32GB, but guess what, it works.  I put on Nova Launcher as I miss the app drawer.The 25GB free storage on Bitcasa is a plus.  But beware to signup using the stock Bitcasa app first or else you only get the 5GB like everyone else.Speaker is on the weak end.  And I wish that the radio could be played out of bluetooth connected external speakers when headphone is plugged in to act as an antenna.

Huawei Mate2 phone connected to T-mobile. Smooth transition from Samsung Galaxy 3 phone. Volume for ring tones low. Camera photos clear but not that great. Connecting to play store and internet is good. Tried other skins and mods which work good. Phones comes with plastic film on glass. Time display thru smart window case can't be changed. Battery is a plus and will last a long time between charges. Came with andriod 4.2 on phone. No update to andriod 4.4 yet. Phone size is a little larger but fits pant's pocket. Viewing videos and movies look good. You can't beat the price for an unlocked phone on T-mobile network.

Today i received two(one black and one white) ,but i think i have to return them.the black one ,one coner is damaged and the white one,the screen is loose,i can press the screen down.i am very  disappointed for the poor quality because i really want it.Maybe i am not a lucky guy.

I'm a flagship phone guy, and I love Android. I've had Samsung phones (Galaxy S and S2), Nexus phones (4 & 5), and the fantastic HTC One M7. All of these phones have been great to me, but none of them lasted me a whole day on a charge. I'm a very heavy user. Video, navigation, streaming music, texting, browsing... my Nexus 5 gets me to about 3pm before I need to plug it in. I'm tired of it.When I learned about this phone, and its massive display and even more massive battery, I had to try it out. There were a lot of factors that made me nervous. Huawei is a no-name brand to me. Even though they are #3 in the world, they are almost unheard of in the USA. Android 4.3 is... old... released in July of 2013 it's almost ancient by phone operating system standards. The rest of the specs besides the battery made me a little nervous as well. The Snapdragon 400 may be a quad-core but it is still fairly low end, and a 720p resolution sounds really low when the market is currently moving past 1080p and on to 2k displays on phones. At $300 the price seems right until you compare the specs to the Oneplus One which can be had for the same money (if you get an invite, anyway).So, on paper, the Mate 2 is starting to sound only mildly appealing.Luckily, I had a friend who happened to own one who graciously let me borrow it for a day. I was pretty much blown away by the experience and ordered one for myself. To go into better detail about why this phone won me over, I'll break it down by category.Build Quality: This is a plastic phone. This is a turn-off for a lot of people who like the feel of glass and aluminum on their devices, but it's never bothered me. Plastic is light, it doesn't absorb heat so it's more comfortable to use while gaming or charging, it doesn't shatter when dropped, and it's more than capable of being attractive. The main problem I've had with plastic phones is they feel flimsy. They tend to creak or flex and can feel really cheap. This phone has none of those problems. It's as solid as any phone I've ever held and it has a very understated look.Display: The 6.1" screen dominates the front of the phone. The bezels are very small, which keeps the overall size of the phone down. The colors are accurate and the backlight is bright. Honestly, the lower resolution is barely noticeable unless you set the phone next to a higher-resolution device. Coming from a 5" 1080p phone to a 6.1" 720p phone I am 100% happy with the quality of the display. I am definitely spoiled at this point and couldn't be happy with a smaller phone.Software: This is my main gripe and the reason I docked a star. The fact that Huawei decided to release the phone with Android 4.3 instead of the current 4.4 OS isn't their biggest sin. Their horrible, terrible, really really bad EmotionUI Skin is the problem. Right out of the box the launcher feels like a cheap rip off of iOS from 5 years ago. It's so dreadful I didn't even bother learning it and went straight to the play store and downloaded Action Launcher. Many different launchers are available on the Play Store which all significantly improve the usability of this phone. Nova, Apex, Aviate, and Action are just a few. I also downloaded a few icon packs to replace the built in icons which are amazingly ugly. Now, these are things that I do ALREADY on every phone I own, so it's not a big deal for me, but the fact that the factory launcher is so laughably bad is inexcusable in my opinion. Also, Huawei claims they have plans to bring 4.4 KitKat to this device, I hope they follow through. If they don't, their reputation will be tarnished for me and I probably wouldn't consider buying another device from Huawei. Timely software updates are very important to me and that's why I've gravitated toward Nexus devices in the past.Processor/Graphics/Memory/Storage: Grouping all of these together because my impression of all of them is pretty much the same. This device is FAST ENOUGH. It has handled everything I've thrown at it with ease. Games run smooth (tested XCOM and Leo's Fortune), loading up a bunch of apps in the background doesn't bog anything down, everything runs great. If you didn't tell me it had a lower end CPU/GPU I wouldn't have been able to guess. The 16gb of storage is plenty since it has an SD slot, which I use for music and pictures. Over all I'm shocked how snappy this device is and I have no complaints about the performance.Camera: I haven't spent a lot of time with this yet, but I've noticed that it has a tendency to take blurry photos in indoor photos. The lack of optical image stabilization is probably the culprit. If you want to take good photos indoors, it's best that your subject is still and you have a steady hand. Outdoor snaps look great. I'm happy with it considering the price, but it isn't blowing me away. Then again, I've never been blown away by a smartphone camera.Battery Life: This is my favorite part, because it's changed my life just a little. On my first full charge, this phone tripled the battery life of my Nexus 5. Over 40 hours of standby time and almost 11 hour of screen on time. For me, that's two full days of use. For most people it's 3 or maybe even 4 days. Every phone should have this kind of battery. But no other phone does, just this Huawei. I'm smitten.I'm giving the phone 4 out of 5 stars simply because of the outdated and horribly skinned OS. For some people, this might be a deal-breaker, for others a non-issue. For me, it's a blemish on what could have been the perfect $300 phone. But it doesn't stop me from happily using it as my primary device. That big screen and incredible battery life are just too sweet to give up.

This phone is the best deal you can buy!!! I bought the black one first for my wife from huawei's website. When I first got it, I put her new straighttalk att Sim card in it and it ran 4g lte. I did a speed test on it and her service with straight talk was really fast. Our old phones were only 3g capable and the speed test using this phone was about 7 times faster. I was amazed. After playing with her phone I decided to buy mine on amazon since I needed to buy some other things from this site anyway. I bought the white version and I also bought a black and white trident cyclopse phone case. It looks great and will protect this phone from anything. Do not hesitate BUY THIS PHONE!!! you will not be disappointed!!! Camera is great and everything is fast. My previous phone was the Samsung note mega and this phone tops it in every way possible.

I have left the Big Red and used this phone to cut the cord. So far, I am loving it. It runs every app I have with liquid smoothness. The battery is 2+ days for me before charging and though it is large, I find it great for me.  I have average size men's hands, and it is not too big for them.  In the past, I came from an old HTC Thundbolt, a Droid and a Droid Razr as prior phones and tho they were one handed usable, I used them a lot with both hands, so the bigger phone is great.The extra real estate on the screen is worth it to me.  Also the screen, tho 720p is beautiful, crisp and clear.  Text is sharp and videos are quite clear, vivid and the colors are accurate and rich. The viewing angles are amazing and the saturation levels are very accurate.  IMO, it rivals many 1080p screens even with a little lower resolution this phone's screen is absolutely impressive.  I gambled to buy this phone based on written reviews of others and online video reviews, and I am so glad I did.I am only into the first few weeks of using it but so far, everything is fluid and fast.  I have no regrets at all and would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a phablet sized phone.  It is reasonably priced and you get a quality unit that appears to be made with excellent workmanship and it has stellar battery life. Also note that the stock launcher / home screen is ok and works well, but I am using Nova launcher and it works best for me.  Both work flawlessly on this phone, but Nova is by far more customizable and versatile. My experience is that Nova + Ascent Mate2 = one awesome phone.I have not done much with the camera yet, but so far it appears to be quite good as well.  It does have a Sony lense and so far nice and sharp pictures, really good colors and details in good light. I have not tried any low light shots, but it does have a flash so I am expecting that the photos will be fairly good in low light as well.This is a great choice for you if you want to spend less than the name brand's new flagship phones and still get something that can handle everything currently out in the Wireless phone arena with ease.

A great handset, especially for $300 unlocked.HARDWAREThe phone is big, especially if you're coming from significantly smaller handsets. The phone has a massive 6.1&#34; screen, but the bezels are relatively slim. The screen takes up about 75% of the area of the device; for comparison, a 5s uses about 60% of its front space. This makes it front-pocketable for me (a male who wears relatively slim jeans in a 30 waist), but it's clearly visible that I'm carrying a large phone. The top of the phone will jut out of my rear pockets on jeans. The phone is relatively slim, however, and weighs only about 200g. The screen is bright and has good colors; however, it is &#34;only&#34; 720p. For what it's worth, it is relatively easy to read text on the display and I don't have any problems with the lower resolution. The lower resolution also significantly improves battery life, which I'll get to in a moment. If you know you're going to have problems with a 240ppi display, then you can steer clear of this device and get, say, an Xperia Z Ultra (which I'll cover in the competition section). The buttons seem sturdy, and the back peels off a la Samsung to access microsd and microSIM, both of which are easy to slot in.SOFTWAREThe Emotion UI is a relatively light skin, save for the launcher. If you're new to Android, the launcher might fit the bill, but more experienced users will already be installing their own favorite launchers (I prefer Nova, which is free on the Play Store). It has no app drawer, which killed it for me, but if you're migrating from an iPhone or a feature phone, you'll be fine on it. There is also a &#34;simple&#34; mode within Settings if you are new to smartphones, which makes all the major features easy to access.PERFORMANCEThe Snapdragon 400 is a good chipset, and it's available already in the Moto G LTE. The Mate2, however, has 2GB of RAM, rather than the 1GB in the Moto G and G LTE, and it makes a world of difference. The Moto G could be stuttered by heavy multitasking, especially playing Spotify or another streaming service while browsing desktop sites in the browser. Here, I've never had less than 512MB free, and the Snapdragon holds up well to anything, including Asphalt 8 and even a PS1 emulator. You could get a Snapdragon 800/801 (same chipset) phone, but the power isn't really needed and it only hurts battery life. More OEMs should pair 400s or 200s with 2GB of RAM; it really makes for a smooth experience.BATTERY LIFESignificantly better than any phone I've ever owned. It browses the web for about three times as long as my old Galaxy Nexus with an extended battery, and while browsing on WiFi on medium brightness, loses about 1% every 8 minutes. Truly outstanding. I've never finished a day below 40%. It will probably get through two days of light use and will CERTAINLY get through one day of heavy use.COMPETITIONThe primary competition for this device lies in the few other midrange phablets on the market. The Xperia Z Ultra can be had for about $400 unlocked nowadays and has an 800 as well as a 1080p display, but it has 75% of the battery capacity (equating to about 60% of the battery life). It is also massive, with a 6.4&#34; display and a significantly thicker set of bezels. I was originally going to buy it, but a quick hold in a store showed me that it simply isn't pocketable.The OnePlus One also packs an 800, with 3GB of RAM, and a 1080p 5.5&#34; display, but it isn't widely available. They operate a quite frankly offensive invite system; however, if you have an invite, it's a much nicer phone.The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 can be had for $300 used at times, and has similar hardware specs. It's just smaller, at about 5.5&#34;. I'm wary of buying used phones, but it might be a decent alternative if you're fine with a smaller handset.CONCLUSIONAll in all, the Mate2 is the best midrange large Android phablet on the market. If you want big, buy it. If you don't know if you want big or not, go to a store and look at other 6&#34; phones. If you can tote it, it makes videos and web browsing much better than a standard 5&#34; or 4.5&#34; phone; however, make sure you want a big phone before ordering.

Follow up:One thing I hope Mate2 can change is the screen shoot. It use the lower volume + home key. But most of the time the lower volume key got activated first, you have to push the two keys perfectly together in order to get an screen shoot. I wish it has the Note2 fuction with a palm swipe across the screen to take a screen shoot.Old Review:I get this phone because of its super long battery life. I have used it for 2 weeks now, each full charge can last 60-70 hours (2.5 days!!!), screen time is around 13 hours!!!. I am not a heavy users, but with similar use my Note 2 dies within 15 hours with a new battery from AT&T.; I also use Note3 for a few days, as there is no significant impovement of battery life, I gave it up. Below is the pros and cons of Mate2:Pros:1. Looooong battery life, easily over 60hours with normal use.2. Mate2 has its own battery management tool that will shut down all background running apps after screen off, which helps to extend the battery life. Note2/3 seems to be able to shutdown all the apps, but actually some still running in the background which drains the battery very fast.3. Screen resolusion same as Note2, CPU faster, speed between Note 2 and Note3.4. Camera is actually batter than Note2. I shoot same item with both Note 2 and Mate 2, Mate 2 shows very little noise while Note 2 shows bad ISO noise.5. Diff Setting for meeting/outdoors/normal/sleeping time can be easily set either on an icon or by pull down the notification screen from the top. I like rotate it to sleep time mode to save both battery and cutting off wifi and data usuage except letting the call fuction stay working.Cons:1. No battery % ?!!!, yes that's right, don't understand why, maybe Huawei is too confident in Mate2's battery life? but a built-in % will be convenient. Have to install an app to show the battery % on top of screen.2. Seems to be uncompatible with popular backup app Helium, which means you can only restore standard apps from google account. But all app custom settings back up by Helium will be lost, you have to reset the apps. It is not a big problem to me as I only have a few apps.3. Can not adjust screen display color tone although the color is not too bad. I would like to choose the color tone for my eyes ...So if you have been used to big screen smartphone, and like super long battery life, you will like this Mate2. High price/performance ratio, highly Recommend!

I bought this phone from www.gethuawei.com on their first launch last Thursday and received yesterday morning, good to find this phone with same price on Amazon.My first day to try this giant screen phone is great. It has 78% battery left, my god amazing 78% left ! after a long whole day use!.my Galaxy S3 and iPhone 4 used to be charged twice a day. have to say Mate 2 out-performed any phones I have used, maybe it can beat any phone in the world regarding battery life. I haven't tried the reverse-charge feature but it looks cool. to save someone's dead phone with my Mate 2 is like re-charging a dead car with jumper cable!The camera experience is great as well. My wife and kids like the front 5MP camera to take selfies. the 13MP rear camera surprised me with sharp,quality  pictures, only the file size a bit big for the 16GB memory. I think I need an extra 32GB SD card.The 6" screen looks huge but it fits well in my palm. the 720P screen is crisp, vivid. very good for browsing anf emailing.  comparing to other phones which claim higher resolution, I can barely tell the differenceit's far more better beyond my expectation and worth every penny I spent. I love this phone at the first day, try to dig more from it

First and foremost, this is not a flagship phone. The only spec this phone offers that is worth mentioning is it's 3900mah battery since it is the biggest of any phone available. That being said, if you want a BIG phone, this could be exactly what you want.While you'd think the only difference between the white and black model is the color, you'd be wrong. While the black model has a textured back to reduce fingerprints and improve grip, the white model has a slick plastic back reminiscent of the Galaxy S 3. I went with the white model since I was going to put it in a case anyways but the difference is something to be aware of.This phone is BIG, but if you are like me and use two hands on your phone no matter the size then the only part of you that will complain is your pocket. In regular sized (male) pockets the phone just fits inside, but you do get a slight impression that you are wearing shin-guards on your thighs. The phone is noticeably heavier than your average phone, but if you are used to using a tablet then it shouldn't be an issue.The screen is very nice with good viewing angles, although the color was a bit warmer than I was used to. It works well for reading or watching videos, but you may notice the lower resolution (720p) when zoomed out when web-browsing. The screen itself is larger than my last phone (Nexus 4) and is definitely a key reason to get this phone.The Camera is a step-up from my old phone, but slightly more average than I was hoping. Colors are generally accurate, but very fine detail doesn't come through very well, especially in low-light. The Front camera was more of the same, but it was nice that has a wide lens to capture a larger area. The cameras are the same ones as seen in the LG G3, OnePlus One, and other flagship phones so software may improve this. The stock camera app can't mute the shutter sound so may want to use something else regardless. Overall pretty good for a smartphone, but definitely won't replace your DSLR. The camera can also store data to the MicroSD, so make sure to get one if you want turn this into your main shooter.The performance is more than adequate. When phones nowadays have more power than most people will ever use, this phone brings in just enough tech that you should be able to do anything the newest phones can do. All games and benchmarks play without a hitch, but some intense apps like high-end emulators (mainly PPSSPP) may not run as smoothly as the newest phones. Since this is such a specialized circumstance (and since even the highest-end phones can have issues on the same applications) I don't count it as a loss.Calls sound average compared to modern phones and so does it's rear speaker. Very much equal to some of the best I've used in a phone, but that only means it's what you should expect. It does support HD Voice so if you are coming from an older device your may notice a nice quality improvement when calling someone who also has a newer device providing your carrier supports this. T-Mobile does.The battery life is amazing. Even my first day with the phone and using the 63% charge the phone came with, I still got over 5 hours of on-screen time while running every benchmark in the book before I finally plugged in with 10% battery. That's longer than I've ever gotten on my other phones. It's safe to expect 9-10 hours of constant usage before needing to plugin, or 2-3 days of normal use. This was on the "Smart" power-saving mode, but there is also the "Endurance" mode if you want even more battery or "Normal" if you want a bit more performance. You can even charge other phones!Overall this phone only does battery extremely well, but does everything else so adequately that it's really a steal for the price. The phone does run Android 4.3, but a 4.4 update is promised and hopefully more. Basically a Jumbo (if not slightly faster) Moto G LTE, it should keep everyone in need of a large phone satisfied.****UPDATES****6/27 Update:There is a thin, slightly raised, plastic strip that wraps the outside of the front of a device, including the earpiece. While not uncommon on a tablet, the proximity to the earpiece gives the phone a hard edge and can cause discomfort if you hold phones tightly to your ear. You can shift the phone to alleviate this, but is something to be aware of if you normally press your phone to your ear. The official flip-case adds padding if you call when it is closed so this could be a non-issue if this applies to you.Also the vibration on my device is on the tiny side.6/28 Update:Everything continues to run well and phone is very stable. No crashes, FC, or anything of that kind since I got it. Battery life continues to be a non-issue. I was able to get 8+ hours of screen time including 4 hours of internet video and 1 of gaming. The phone gets a little warm near the camera when gaming, but not bad overall. Everything I've tried has run correctly.The LTE on this phone is fast despite not having the latest tech inside. I was able to get 76mbps down and 23mbps up on T-Mobile in Seattle with their new faster speeds.The area around the back, home, and menu button is a gray color, something that makes it stick out more than I prefer. Just a style choice but I wish it was black, especially on videos that don't auto-hide them. Root seems to be illusive on this device if that is something you need. There aren't too many useless apps, although the ones that just link to Huawei's website seem pointless and can't be removed currently.7/7 Update:Everything I ask this phone to do it continues to do admirably. I recently put it up against a Oneplus One (OPO) and it compared surprisingly well. The Mate2 was always a hair slower, but the screen experience was almost identical despite the resolution difference and the battery life obviously did better. The OPO rear camera took much better pictures despite having the same cameras as the Mate2 (which has me hoping for future optimizations), but the front camera on the Mate2 blew the OPO's away. The front camera may be average as far as cameras go, but it really does well when compared to what the competition brings.I did have some MMS issues with the phone (something others haven't?), but all it took was adding in a new APN profile to fix this. YMMV.Huawei has assured me that Android 4.4 is coming in July or August, so hopefully this phone keeps getting better!I'll keep this updated if I find anything else!

Out friggin standing..  For the price there is no comparison. This device is fast, very responsive and the fit and finish is very well done at least the black version is anyways. 64gb Samsung SD card was recognized without issue.I have had several flagship devices such as GN3, GN2, GS4, GN,  and this phone goes toe to toe with most of them.4G LTE on T-Mobile works as expected.

really want a big screen to over my aged eyes and at least one whole day not to worried about the battery. At the last Saturday on June 28,2014, received this GIANT size phone. With 2 and half day heavy using on surfing, stream video, and gaming/texting/phone, still have 30% battery left. The streaming on world cup through ESPN3 is smooth and crisp both on wifi and/or 4G (t-mobile). Feel good now not to carry the other  Ipad or tablet for my next travels. The screen resolution is wonderful and good enough for car game/video. The front camera is better than I expected. It is only less than half the price of other similar smart phones. Did looked at Samsun Note 3 to replace my 2-year old Samsun Galaxy S II. The Note 3 priced too much. Now never look back.The front cover with a small window shows a classic clock through the window after the cover is folded up. That is wonderful design and kind of classic style. Love it.

Excellent Phone. I have used Galaxy Note 3 for a few days and this thing is just equally good for half the price and bigger screen!

I started out with a Palm Treo 300 for Sprint in 2002, so I was one of the early smartphone users- back in the day when they offered $10 unlimited data  to entice you into buying a $399 device. ( in 2002, unlimited meant you used 50-100mb a month, tops)My impression of the HAM2 is it's a solid phone, call quality was OK and pictures looked fine The screen looked as good as the iPhone indoors, just a lot bigger.. . Battery life is probably the strongest asset for this device and if I was a road warrior ( I'm retired), having 2 days of usage would be great.  I wear two phones on my hip and this one pushed my iPhone 4s to the #2 spot. I plugged my T-mobile sim into this new phone and put my Airvoice sim into my unlocked iPhone. Compared to my iPhone the screen was too dark for my tastes outside in  the daylight. I'm outside a lot in Florida.I missed my physical home button and the software seemed kinda off the mark. No doubt the Chinese are still learning what Americans like. I decided against fiddling with Play store apps in order to try increasing it's functionality- I wanted to use it as is. Size turned out to be more trouble than a plus. I never worried about damaging my iPhone, but I always had to mentally protect this larger phone. It felt too large for my pocket - so it has to be in  belt case and that got in the way of my seat belt.  My 45 minute daily chats with my retired buddy didn't feel comfortable. I tried using a bluetooth earpiece, but  the call volume was too low compared to my iPhone. Answering regular calls took a couple seconds longer than my smaller iPhone, due to the larger case and size. .  After a week, I moved my sim back to my iPhone 4s in order to see, if I missed the larger Huawei Ascend Mate 2.I did not miss it in any way shape or form, so I returned  the HAM2. . I hope to see more new unlocked smartphones in the $200-$300 price range that have all the GSM/LTE radio bands- I really like that trend.

SUPER DUPER! I am getting 2-3 days on battery on normal use. First time I got 3 days of use, I thought it was a mistake, lol. Not so.Not as big as I thought it would be. Only slightly taller than a note 3. I kept finding myself thinking my Nexus 5 seemed small, so...had to get it for the price. Cheaper than the Nexus 5!Doesn't feel extremely large in pocket either. I had the first Galaxy Note that came out 2 years ago but got rid of it along with the $80 phone bill. On Cricket now for only $35/45 (including taxes/fees), unlimited calls, text, 500mb/2.5gb. Great deal - cheapest out there even straight talk as fees and taxes are included in the 35/45 price. Probably the fastest prepaid out there besides tmobile, but NO restrictions like tmobile: tethering, etc. Need to tether occasionally for kids on trips, etcNo issues after 2 weeks.  If you need a 'app drawer' put another launcher on it, there are tons out there for free. I use Nova Paid version, but the free Nova version has tons of options too.All the build in features to keep all the apps running in order or restrict them is great. Also has a number blocker too, tons of features. No more need to get all those 'extra apps' like clean sweep, mr. number, etc.All the reviews harp on the 'slow' processor and 720p screen. Have not noticed ANY lag or slow speed in normal use and games (except on first setup on downloading 50-75 apps, lol. I remember my Nexus 5 blew thru them way fast). Screen has NO text fuzziness as several reviews mentioned. It's bright, normally have it on 50 or 25% brightness as it's really TOO bright on full.100% recommend!

My wife was experiencing problems with her T-Mobile Blackberry Q10 ($450) that she has had less than a year! So I ignored the naysayers and believed the many first hands on reviews that said that this phone is an incredible value (I own a Nexus 5 w/ Android 4.4.4). The other reviewers posting here saying that it is a POS shouldn't be believed. Also they are incorrect as Huawei  &#34;wah-way&#34; has produced several world class T-Mobile phones also great values in there day. All I can tell you is that my 12 year old son was begging my wife to &#34;let him have it&#34;! Okay what about the specification qualms of the naysayers? SPECS: older version of quad core CPU -&#62; comparing it to my N5 the Mate2 no noticeable difference; lower resolution screen -&#62; comparing to N5 (1920 x 1080 - 1080P) the Mate 2 (1280 x 720 - 720P pixels) display looked better although fewer pixels and even had a 3D quality when playing; small internal SD-Card (16GB) vs. (N5 32GB) - this is a mute point because the Mate2 has an external SDcard expansion slot which I immediately inserted a 32GB Class 10 SD Card unlike most &#34;smart phones&#34; which have ditched the SC Card expansion slot. Room for Improvement: like all other Manufacturers of Android Huawei has written their own launcher, messaging app, ..., however if you don't like you just disable the &#34;system&#34; app and install the Google equivalent. For example in the WW messinging app you can select messages without reading them if you just want to delete - however installing the free Gmail app from Google Playstore solved this short lived issue. My wife didn't trust the &#34;WW keyboard&#34; because when she installed Amazon Kindle app from the Google Playstore she automatically received two Chinese dictionaries in her Kindle Library (for free and without asking you). However due to the few WW installed apps - I didn't detract because if you have ever experienced the Samsung S2, S3, S4, S5 Crapware...  Good: Snapdragon 400 SoC (MSM8928, 1.6GHz, 2GB RAM). Onboard and extendable storage (16GB with 12.3 available at first boot; microSD expansion up to 32GB). Android 4.4.3 customized by WW. FM radio. Screen Size: big enough. 13MP / 5MP camera's. Flashlight works well. Works out of the box for T-Mobile (blazing LTE Speeds here in AZ), AT&T, the world 2G, 3G, 3G+ (H) and 4G LTE ... THE PHONE WORKS ALL OVER THE WORLD for $300! You do the Math - let the other consumers pay $700 for the latest smart phone!

I waited until I had this phone a few days before writing this review. Like everyone else, I am impressed at the build quality, lack of lag, call quality and overall value for a price under $300. But as has been pointed out by others, Huawei has quite a job ahead of it trying to make it in the US. As a country people in the US are used to buying subsidized $700 phones such as the iphone and top tier Samsungs for $199. Of course, they were paying thousands for these phones in the "rent to own" model where the top tier cell providers charged insane prices while keeping you in a forced contract. Thanks to T-Mobile Americans are finally starting to realize that buying your own phone outright saves you a lot of money in the long run - but top tier phones cost a lot more than $299. Assuming you're OK with a large phone, this is probably as good as it gets for $299.00. The build quality is not fancy, but it is solid and not cheap feeling for the price. The speed and lack of lag is excellent for normal day to day use, and the camera while not top notch is good for what people normally use a cell phone for. As for the cons:(1) I've used Android since it first came out and am having real problems with Huawei's "Emotion" UI. I realize that I can easily install a third party launcher, but I want to give it a bit of time to see if I get used to it. My problem with it is that it's pretty ugly (the icons and so forth look like something a fourth grader would have drawn) and the lack of an app drawer means that every time you install an app you either have to have it on a screen or place it in a drawer. This isn't a deal breaker since you can install an app launcher if you want, and for people who aren't used to Android it may be easier to learn.(2) I went into this knowing full well that there may never be a software update. Huawei is in the same position that the Japanese and South Koreans were in a few years back. They are unknown in the US and have a horrible reputation for not updating their phones. In terms of economics they won't sell enough of these to make it worthwhile to update Android in this model. The way I see it we're the first group of beta testers for Huawei in the US. A lot of people have asked me about this phone and I've been very complimentary so we're introducing the brand to the US. Now it's Huawei's turn. If they update Android at least twice in a somewhat timely fashion I'll continue to buy from them and help to spread the word, and they could easily become the next Samsung. If they don't, I'll use the phone for a while and pass it on to someone else (at $299 it's not the end of the world), but I won't buy another Huawei and will stick to more established brands.So to sum it up, this is a great mid-tier phone at a very fair price. If you go into this not expecting any software updates and knowing that you're not buying the very latest in technology you'll be very happy. And Huawei gets an opportunity to prove to the US market that they can be relied on - they can either step up to the plate and make a big splash in the US, or they can move on to the next phone to make a quick buck, abandon the first people who purchased their phones in the US, and sink into obscurity.Update: Unfortunately I had to return the phone and case today, but I guess I learned a valuable lesson by buying a no-name brand. I don't have T-Mobile LTE where I live, but I went to Atlanta this week where they have a strong T-Mobile LTE signal and saw that my display just showed 4G (not 4G Lte as is shown in Huawei's images). I went to a T-Mobile store where they exchanged my SIM card for a new one which worked fine in the store phones, but did not display LTE on the Huawei. I contacted Huawei support which could not even tell me if the display is supposed to show LTE but instead had me restore the phone (didn't help) and then told me that my carrier would have to help. T-Mobile doesn't sell this phone, so they did the best they could. I couldn't look at a manual (none up on the Huawei site) and when I asked Amazon users if any of them were seeing LTE on their screen no one answered. To top it off on the drive back home running just two apps (Google Maps for navigation and their music player) the phone would constantly slow down, inform me that I needed to close one of the two power intensive apps, and start bogging down with just these two apps running. Even my old original note with much less RAM and a slower processor has no problem running these two apps. As far as I could tell there is a huge memory leak in their software, since with just these 2 apps running the phone was running out of available RAM. Given Huawei's abysmal lack of help and information I decided that I would be better off with a Nexus 5. It's only $50 more. I'll miss the larger screen, battery and SD expansion, but at least it has current software, a manual and a large and involved user community. I may have gotten a defective phone, or else there may have been something else I should have done, but if this is the way Huawei is going to introduce themselves to the US they should save their time and money and not even try. I've been using Android phones since the original Nexus so I'm pretty tech savy, but when a company can't even tell you what icons are supposed to show on the display I can forsee a lot of unhappy customers. Amazon (as always)was great about taking it back.

If you are looking for an unlocked large android mobile-this is it. Originally I had looked at the Samsung Mega, but decided the cost wasn't worth the dual-core processor. I settled for a Samsung Note II. Although a great phone, the Note II had a busy interface (Touchwiz) and tonnes of T Mobile bloatware (very annoying). The highly hyped stylus was a bust-handwriting recognition doesn't work well for poor penmanship folks like me.I looked at the reviews of the Mate 2 LTE and also sent my questions to Huawei about compatibility with T Mobile. Huawei was very responsive to all questions. My other concern was that I had never seen a Huawei mobile in person, and there wasn't any way to see the Mate 2 LTE in person either. But the reviews and descriptions are pretty accurate. The performance is very nimble, phone quality is excellent, and the battery capacity is unbelievable. I used to worry about charging up at work for the commute home--but not anymore. This phone truly lasts me all day and night with moderate usage.Some of the best features are the lack of carrier bloatware. Granted Huawei did slip in a 'Get Huawei' app! But compared to the usual T Mobile phones, the bloatware on the Mate 2 LTE is minimal. Huawei does use their own skin on the JB Android--I wish Huawei would have just stuck with the stock Android-but the skin is not cloying like Samsung's Touchwiz.Some of the downsides: the battery is not removable. This is a new concept for me having had a series of Samsung mobiles. I am hoping the battery proves to be reliable in the long run-this might not be a real concern. The other concern about this mobile is the uncertain updates for Android. Owners will have to rely on Huawei, and they don't have much of a track record on this front. That being said, the Samsung Note II update to KitKat has been rumoured for months--and who knows when T Mobile will get around to it--if ever.Overall, for the price, I feel it was a good purchase. It has the screen size I want with decent specifications. I also have the freedom to ditch T Mobile and move to AT&T; without worrying about unlocking.

Best phone!

I ordered this, on a Saturday, received it on a Wednesday!The reason I ordered it, was because another &#34;flagship killer&#34; was unable to produce enough fo their &#34;killer&#34; phones to meet demand.Very high quality packaging, arrived in good condition.  Turning it on, the battery was at 46%.  I just set it up using wi-fi, synced myapps, set up email etc without issue.  I don't know what people are worrying about, with it &#34;only&#34; being a 720p screen, it looks fantasticsitting next to my now retired Galaxy note1.  The size is NOT that bad either.  Spec wise, my note1 and this are pretty much thesame width & thickness, and only around 1/2&#34; longer, but, with those reduced bezels on the Mate2, that gives me 8/10th of an inchMORE screen size!  Screen is bright & clear, no bad pixels.  I shaved my standard size sim card down to fit it, came right up in H+mode (shows 4g on the display).  Need to stop by Walmart (I'm on straight talk) and get a new sim so the LTE light will come on.I use bluetooth, and never the handset microphone or speaker, bluetooth is CRYSTAL clear, better than my note.  The ring, sounds and other speaker sound is VERY loud.  This one came with 4.3, which isn't a deal killer for me, it's an upgrade from 4.1.2 that I was using.I don't use the built in launcher, but opt for Nova since that is what I'm use to.Now, for that HUGE battery!  Left this morning at 100% charged.  After a couple hours of phone usage, few dozen emails, web surfing, text messaging, I still have around 90% left!  It might take me a few days just to run the battery down, which is one of the main reasons I got this.I hate running out of juice.The camera, has some nifty features and the image quality is top notch.  The built in software is pretty good, but I'm use to Camera FV-5, and the macro mode works pretty darn good!Huawei hit one out of the park, in my opinion.  If you like big screens, you'll love this!

I have been using this phone for a few days. I just love it.The display is sharp and clear, the resolution is not an issue.The battery lasts for about three days for regular usage (checking emails, playing games for an hour, reading new from browser...)According to the spec, it only supports the Micro SD card up to 32GB. This is not true. I put a 64GB micro SD card into the phone, it works just fine.The 4G speed is super fast. I tested the speed with OOKLA speedtest app (I use T-Mobile), I got 38.89Bbps for download and 18.99Mbps for upload. This is even faster than my WIFI at home.The camera does not work as good as my previous phones at low light. I am going to use the flash to avoid this issue. The pre-installed Camera does not allow you to turn off the shutter sound. This is annoying. I installed the Camera360 app, and it allows me to turn off the shutter sound and it comes with many useful options.Update on 7/13/2014.I took a long trip this past weekend, after using the Google map's navigation for 8 hours and listening to music for over 5 hours without charging it in the car, the phone did not get hot.  It even lasted for one more day. I was very impressed.

I purchased the Mate 2 and received it on 06/26/2014. I love the device for the price of $299 but there were some things that I think should have been updated with this product being it is the face of Huawei in the US.  First and most important it should have been updated to Kit Kat either out of the box or as an update once on Wi-Fi, this would have attracted more customers to the phone. Notification Reminder, when you receive a text or email they need to add an option to put a reminder.  You get busy doing things and you would forget someone text you or you received an email so it would be nice to set a reminder like every 2 minutes.  The phone does have a light indicator which blinks but they made it too small for a 6.1&#8217; screen especially when you are outside and mine being a white color you cannot really tell in the sunlight areas.  One other thing if your charging your phone the light will not blink if you get a text or email so that sucks, you have your phone on vibrate or mute you will not know you got a notification if it is charging because on vibrate it only vibrates once when you receive the notification.  It has a feature that I like which is a pop up message, this is so you can do a quick reply to a text without stopping what you&#8217;re doing like surfing the web or watching a movie. The only issue with this feature is when you are texting back and forth and you&#8217;re on the text conversation you still get the pop up message, it would be nice if the phone determine when your already in the conversation it would not pop up I had an LG Optimus G Pro and It had this feature and it determined when I was in the text conversation.  ONE MAJOR thing with this phone is the LCD screen, some customers out there are experiencing issues with when you tap the phone there is like flash in the background where you tapped, if you YouTube this phone you can see some videos which I posted one myself. I returned my Mate 2 because of this issue plus when I had a white background you can see a white spot in the LCD screen(it&#8217;s in my video).  I will try another Mate 2 and see if it was just my phone and if not then Huawei needs to fix this ASAP, $299 is still allot of money for an average phone.  Hope this Helps

I love this phone! I know other phones have higher specs, but for the majority of users including myself its meets my real life daily needs. Great deal compared to samsung galaxy mega and sony xperia z ultra.

Gave it a 5 stars, the reason is simply because of its price and its performance.I have no problem in using it after inserting my sim card. it works great and the LTE signal is picking up right away.It has loud speaker and the screen is brighter than my samsung note3.  What a great phone indeed.!!i wish huawei is selling more phones in the near future. I do not understand why the samsung and apples are ripping off people.I also like huawei special apps, they are good tools.  i do not see any things less than the expensive phonesIts body is very smooth and i do not feel it is slipping off my hands easily. i hold on it comfortably and i do not need a case at all.

This phone is huge!!! I was so tired of trying to fit my fingers on a tiny smart phone screen to text, play a game or read.  This phone has made everything easier to do and read on a smart phone.  No more always having to scroll sideways and up and down to read a small amount of text.  Games are a lot more fun with a screen you can see and manipulate.  For me, this phone is like a mini tablet that fits in your pocket width wise.  The phone is fairly thin for such a huge phone which allows you to also hold a pen in the same pocket.The video quality is awesome!  I have been using it to watch my Netflix. I can watch a whole day of movies without having to recharge.  I can also store a whole bunch of movies and video on the #Mate 2 with 16gb.  The battery lasts for a long time.  It does take a while to recharge fully, so I do that at night.  Did I mention that the #Mate2 cell phone is huge!  Another cool feature is that the camera eye is above the pocket line, so you can video with the phone just sitting in your pocket.  The audio works as well as my past smart phones.  For the price I think it can't be beatt.  Cons:  I wish it came in camouflage and I haven't seen a lot of accessories for it yet, but as new as it is, I am guessing those should be coming out soon.

I love this phone. The screen size is perfect. Doesn't come with too many app. The battery is excellent. I use it all day the end of  the day still have 70% of power. The speed is very good. I use to have a gs 4. I don't  see the difference. Then I have one year of guarantee.

The phone looks pretty. I used the phone without recharging for 3 days, while I frequently browsed internet and watched two movies (~3 hours).The screen resolution is good enough for human eyes. It is hard to visualize difference in pixel density between the ~245 ppi screen of this phone and those high-end ~450 ppi full HD screens, such as those of Galaxy S4 and LG G2.The phone does not heat up at all unless I play some games which demand a lot of processing. To be honest, I do not recommend you playing games on any smartphone, as they are good at draining power and therefore will eventually kill the batteries.The phone runs apps as fast as (maybe even faster than) all the high-end phones despite its suboptimal CPU, probably because it does not need to support full-HD display. The 2 G RAM is more than enough for this phone. Usually, there is more than 1 G RAM free, while Galaxy S4 and LG G2 are often on the edge of being short of RAM memory. That is probably why Galaxy S5 and LG G3 now have 3 G RAM installed.Overall, I think the hardwares are well combined to allow excellent performance, although individually only the ~4000 mAh battery represents the best of its kind on the market. I highly recommend you buying a phone with a high-capacity battery rather than a power-draining super-high resolution screen which cannot be well appreciated by human eyes.The only thing which bothers me a little is the power key on the side of the phone as I frequently hit it unintentionally. It would be better to redesign it to respond over double or triple clicks. Is it possible to write up an app to accomplish this?

Bought my copy of the phone from the official website and arrived yesterday. it was a gift to my father who simply want " a large phone". the choice really comes down to Galaxy mega, mate 2 and Xperia Ultra. and knowing my parents who don't like charging their phone everyday, i went with mate2 (since the battery in Mate 2 is legendary). after playing with the phone for a day and compared with other phones i have/had (note 2, nexus 4, note 3, lg f6 ... just name a few), this phone is easily the best phone for the price.you need to know this is a phoneblet, it is NOT possible with one hand use and it doesn't pretend to be. so let's throw that out first and look at pro and con1. screen. with large screen size, it comes with great user experience for media consumption. you can have the best screen out there but the view experience still suck. this phone just deliver a awesome screen with just the right size to watch movie, read a book, or play a game. yes, the screen isn't 1080P or 2K, but honestly i cannot tell the difference (and i have a 2k tablet). sure someone might bring out a microscope and show the difference, but with my naked eye, this screen is just as good as anything else.2. battery. one word, the best battery in a smart phone that money can buy today.3. build quality. I know this might be a surprise to a lot of folks, but build quality, fit and finish is very good on this device. it doesn't have premium material, but it does have premium feel to it (think Note 3 for example)4. performance. do NOT be turned down by snapdragon 400. this 400 comes with much higher clocked CPU (1.6G vs 1.2G), so it has much better performance than Moto G or LG F6. to put in perspective, the CPU performance of this phone is very close to 2013 HTC one (M7), which was the best performing phone of the last generation flash-ship device.  read anandtech performance review.  so yes, it does have a snapdragon 4xx series, but it is more like snapdragon 600 than 400.in short, i very much like Huawei's approach here. putting a good performance processor, give it a medium screen resolution but a quality screen. give user SUPER good battery life, and with a GREAT price. what's not to like about it? if you are a hardcore 3D gamer, you might want to look for a sanpdragon 800series device, but for anything else, as in ANYTHING ELSE, there is no reason to spend twice as much for a any other phone at this moment.

Had this phone for 3 weeks, and all I would say  is it is the best value phone you could ever image with all the things provided: performance, camera quality (big screen image), screen size /display,  long last battery life ( will be anyone&#8217;s favorite ) , and of course the price goes with it for just under $300. A few of my favorites highlighted here:&#8226; Battery life:  I used the phone mostly for work and entertainment both. It is amazing to see it still maintain a good battery life after 2 days, which in the past I would have charge my Smartphone just after a one hour exercise of listening music. We were out of town during weekend early in the morning, the device kept working during the trip to serve as a GPS guide, music source, movie player, and we also took lots of videos, and when back to home late at night, it still contains half of its life battery cycle. Just unbelievable!&#8226; The large screen:  I was a little bit concern before had the phone as the large screen phone might not be flexible for me to carry around.  However, after had in on hand, it only took a few minutes for me to fall in love with the big screen with nice display:  the resolution is super; I can read letters, documents, and browse internet much easier.  I have no vision issue but it just feels so much easy and enjoyable to watch large size image when possible thru the phone. No mention when watch movies or videos on the phone, such a wonderful portable entertainment device! As far as carrying around,  I pretty much had it on hand all the time for communication, email checking (personal or work related), and entertainments. However I do admit it can fit into my jean pocket, but would be very noticeable to carrying this type of size, not like other small phones used before.&#8226; Fast speed:  The speed is fantastic!  Web browsing, app downloading, video watch, pretty much everything with no waiting time in between.  Way fast than I experienced before with other Smartphone. Love it!Other features fairly enjoyable are the one-Hand UI to make single-handed operation easier, a new Floating Windows multitasking function to access functions like notes, messages and the calculator much quicker.Over all, the device offers more than the value asked, and should be the first choice if shopping for similar device. Definitely would recommend it to my families and friends.

I purchased this phone from Huawei's site, and have had it for 6 days.1: Battery LifeThe battery on the phone is simply amazing. To go from my first charge to 1% battery left took 44 hours. Phone usage during this time was over 7 hours on screen time, from browsing, downloading, reading ebooks, playing a game, and listening to music. I kept the screen brightness at 100 the entire time, with power saving option set to &#34;Smart&#34;. As this was only the first charge, I expect the second charge to go maybe another 4 hours on top of that. FYI, it takes about 3 hours to fully charge the battery from 1% to 100%, and Huawei thoughfully provides an estimated charge time in its Phone Manager app.2: ScreenI know many people are put off by the simple HD screen on the Mate. While I can tell a slight difference, the colors on this phone are AWESOME. Very few phones can match the vivid colors I am seeing with the Mate, and it give a very deep black as well. Overall I give the screen a B+, simply because it is not 1080.3: Build qualitySimply put, the build quality is excellent. Nothing on this phone feels cheap, and while the back cover is plastic, it is fluid and provides excellent grip. I can honestly compare it too the reports of how the OPO Sandstone Black's cover feels.4: SoftwareOptimization is first rate. Everything runs smoothly, with absolutely no pauses or hiccups on anything I have tested(and I have tested every preloaded app and my own). RAM usage, with no apps open, hovers around 600MB, leaving plenty of room for multitasking.My thoughts on EMUI.....I have not installed a custom launcher yet, as I want to give EMUI a chance. Overall I think Huawei did a decent job with it(especially optimizing), but IMO it is too much like IOS for my liking. I miss the app drawer, and personally do not like having tons of shortcuts clogging up my home screen. For someone coming from Apple and IOS, they would feel right at home. I'm going to install nova later this evening.5: Preloaded appsHuawei did an excellent job with keeping the bloat down, as every preloaded app(with the exception of their own browser which I have not used) is useful. It comes with a phone manager, which contains a very nice accelerator, cleaner, harassment filter, and power saving options. This app lets you know if there are any apps running in the background, allows you to prevent apps from running in the background, and offers one click cleaning, much like a number of apps from the Play Store. Unlike those apps, this one actually KEEPS those bothersome apps from running until you say so, and it's one click cleaning does a fine job as well. The power saving option allows you to choose three settings...Smart, which automatically adjusts cpu and network usage; Endurance, which throttles the CPU to save power, and Normal, which maximizes the CPU's performance for gaming. To be honest, from my experience, unless you are gaming or streaming, keeping your device set to endurance has zero drawback or performace issues and really saves power.There are a few others, all which provide some nice functionality, but I won't go into those here.As for gaming, I purchased and am playing Xcom...and have had NO stuttering, framerate issues, or force closes. Silky smooth6: cameraThe camera is very nice. The pictures are clear, crisp, and detailed. The only negative I would give is low light settings, which I believe could be fixed with an update.7: LTE(US)The modem is VERY good on this device. I am running on Tmobile, and today was with a friend who uses the S5 on the same network....I was actually picking up signal where he wasn't, and would be at 4 bars when he would be a 3 or even 2. VERY nice.8: Negatives.The only two cons about this device is the HD screen(and that isn't a huge ding imo), and EMUI. And if Huawei would add an app drawer, it would not be that bad. But like I said above, nothing Nova launcher can't fix. For some the size of the phone will be a huge turnoff, but for me I find it fits nicely in hand, and is actually only a little larger than the S5, which has a much smaller screen.

its a very nice phone at a very nice pricewhy pay more just for a name?

Having previously owned  a Mate 1, I enjoyed the device&#8217;s build quality, look and feel; however was less than blown away by the lack of LTE. For me that would have been a great phablet alternative to the usual suspects like Samsung and LG if it had LTE capability.I have since obtained a Mate 2, and have been blown away by the LTE speed (T-Mobile) and the battery life!!!! The device is a little slimmer (always nice) and shorter as I discovered when I tried to use my previously purchased Mate 1 case. I then purchased here on Amazon the Mate 2 case and have been very please not only with the look and feel, but also the functionality of the &#8220;window&#8221;. When I look at performance, build quality and equally important price, the Mate 2 is a great buy and an excellent alternative!

the phone is beyond amazing..for the price.you cant beat it..love it and will continue to support Huawei!Hands Down!

I received in Dubai UAE and it's an excellent one. Before i was in doubt it will not work on 4G/LTE because of Band change in USA and UAE/Dubai but it's amazing its working on 4G :) Yahooo ! ............. I am very happy outclass performance and slimness only in 299 US$.

Will try to keep it short. This is my first &#34;big&#34; phone or Phablet!! i bought this for only one reason..Battery Life. Was tired of charging my phone almost everyday or sometimes in 6-8 hours. I have used Nexus 4, Samsung S3. This is a great phone. I would love to root it but right now thats not possible but thats ok. The default UI is fine and not too much crap installed on this phone. The display is gorgeous!! really!! 720p seems enough on this phone . That was one concern i had but saw a couple of videos , pics and no worries this phone has a beautiful display! Battery life is amazing . i get 2 days easily with heavy usage and 3-4 days with light use.Camera is good but i think could be better esp the rear camera. The front camera is good. I get 4G speeds on T-Mobile anywehere between 15-30mbps download and 9-15mbps upload . TMobile is still upgrading its speed so once it upgrades here i am sure i will get higher speeds as reported by other members (somewhere in the range of 80-90mbps).I havent seen any lag in any apps (Games also) till now. It has admirably handled everything though the maximum i have played is Riptide 2 and Asphalt 8.I installed Nova to get app drawer but i seem to like their default UI also. I hope the support for SD card doesnt go away with Kitkat upgrade or they have a manager to allow access to SD card for apps.The only issue is the location of the power button. it shouldnt have been on the same side as the volume keys but thats as far as the cons go!!!This phone is not that large that it becomes a discomfort in your pockets.One of the best phones and its cheap for what it does!!the other phablets like Note2/3/4 might have a higher res, faster processor etc but in the end this is perfect for my needs!

Everything works as expected based on its specs. I consider myself a casual android fan, so my expectations and yours may vary. Some of previous phones were Galaxy Nexus, Nexus 4, 5 Moto G, and Optimus F6. I'm on prepaid network, so I resell my phones often. English is my 2nd language so don't bother me with grammar errors ;)If you're wondering if this phone is too big for you, simply visit your phone stores/Target/Bestbuy and check out LG Flex, Galaxy Mega, or HTC One Max. They all have very similar dimensions as phablet category.Additiona specs and features you might have missed from elsewhere-16gb total, 12.69 available, 4.26gb for apps only.-64gb microSD works, for me at least. It's made by Sandisk, bought from amazon.-Phone comes with screen protector pre-applied.-Cover case sold by Huawei(or the ones they gave away for free to early buyers) replaces the old battery cover, keeping the phone thin.-Cover case's small window shows 2 screens. First screen shows analog clock along with # of missed calls and # of missed texts. Second screen shows limited number of notification logos(Wifi/LTE, signal strength, battery life, additional app notifications), along with the current weather and temperature. Both screens lack details.-Phone has notification pulse light on top left, but cover case does not have an opening to show it, making the pulse light useless for case users.-Phone has automatic brightness sensor and FM radio.Here are the pros and consPros1.Processor Snapdragon 400 Quadcore+Jelly Bean are good enough to handle most apps smoothly, even desktop browsing. In comparison, I believe Galaxy Mega was S400+dualscore.2. 2GB of RAM means apps don't relaunch as often, and this is something mostly reserved to high-end phones. One of my complaint from low-mid range phones was that due to many widgets I like to use, my old phones with 1GB of RAM constantly had to relaunch the home launcher after pressing home button. This was not the case with Mate2. Other phone makers need to realize that apps get updates and get bigger as time goes on, and 1GB simply isn't enough anymore.3.Screen is colorful and crisp, and it looked perfectly fine compare to my older phones. Huge improvements for viewing videos and typing. Very responsive to every touches, and Glove mode does make it extra sensitive and worked fine.4.I'm using T-mobile in CA, Orange County, and been getting LTE speed of 15-25mbps. YMMV.5.Battery life is definitely the best feature of this phone, and personally, this justifies the lower-end processor+720p. Too many high-end phones featured larger battery to larger phones with newest, most expensive processor, along with 1080p, draining battery needlessly for my personal needs. Here are some comparisons, and only fair way for you to know how long this phone will last for you, is to look for percentage improvements of one of these phones you owned. Since we all use smartphones differently, you won't get same SoT(screen-on time) like I did. You kinda have to look at it proportionally.Ascend Mate2=10~ hours of SoT, 1-day. (these numbers are all approximates)Galaxy Nexus(GSM)=3~ SoT, 230%+ improvementNexus 4=-3.5~ SoT, 180%+ improvementNexus 5=4.5~ SoT, 120%+ improvementMotoG=5.5~ SoT, 80%+ improvementOptimuf F6=6~ SoT, 65%+ improvementAlso impressed that the recharge time(from 10%~) was 2.5~hours.Cons1.Stock launcher indeed does not have app drawer, making it a huge hassle to organize apps when you set it up for the first time. Widget list is also limited to 3 per scroll, making it just as annoying. After opening an app from a folder, and then pressing the home button, launcher will lag due to it trying to close the folder you opened earlier,  AFTER you press the home button. 3rd party home launcher recommended.2.Recent app button has "clean-up" feature that can wipe out and close recent apps to free up the memory usage, but it's slow due to unnecessary animations.3.Its features like one-hand UI and W.O.W(window-on-window) button are bit useless due to lack of supported apps. I only found dial-pad for one-hand UI which I don't use often. W.O.W only supports built-in 4 apps, calendar, text message, note, and calculator. W.O.W button does not disappear during media playbacks like youtube, so it's more of a hassle.4.Phone's  website, [...]/ , is painfuly slow at updating the order status. They are fast at answering calls(phone/chat), but pretty bad at explaining what's going on with your order.5.Phone's support for flip cover case is limited. Its window lacks details, due to its small window size(3~inch) and phone's low resolution(720p).Neutral1.Speak is louder than any Nexus phones, and almost as loud as Optimus F6, which is pretty loud.2.Phone can charge other micro-USB devices, but cable is sold separately for $10. I received mine for free as early buyer, but you might not. As a one-of-a-kind feature, in my opinion, this cable should've been included with every phones to spread its wealth.3.As mentioned above, flip-case covers the notification light. Its small window will not turn on nor show anything without pressing the power button, and when it does, there is slight lag/delay while trying to swipe it to the 2nd screen.4.Camera is almost as good as Nexus 5 phones, which isn't saying much, but perfectly fine for my personal needs.5.Due to its screen size and 720p resolution, widgets and some apps are simply overblown with less contents to see, requiring more scrolling than other 1080p phones. Still, this is expected given its price.6.Physical size-wise, phone fits into my pocket just fine. One-hand use is somewhat possible, since I am able to hold it little more firmly by holding onto the flip case's cover with index+middle fingers, while using thumb to navigate.7.Its Simple Home feature to make it look similar to Window phones, is somewhat useful for maybe my parents. It's something I definitely won't use personally, but would like to see it on other android phones for older generations who are not familiar with android.ConclusionThere aren't many $300 unlocked phablet in US market, so this phone is definitely a one-of-a-kind for me. Phone truly maximized smartphone's battery life by sacrificing certain features that don't bother many casual consumers, like me(I hit the point where certain processor+certain screen resolutions are "good enough"), while holding onto features that DO matter(LTE speed+2GB RAM). It's common to see mid-range phones with no LTE, or 1GB of RAM, or 8GB of internal storage, or average battery life. I deducted 1-star due to phone not being able to take advantage of its screen size by utilizing multi-window feature, or any features that they came up with and did below-average job at them. This phone is all about hardware, not software. I don't even expect future android or Huawei software updates, and I don't care since its specs satisfy my needs. Battery life, big screen, and good-enough performances.

I would recomend this phone to any o my friends...the feel is smooth and interface is snappy...all in all its an awesome phone

Nice phone, very clean system. The sound of the camera cannot be turned off in the setup, although it can be done with some software in the Google Play.

Absolutely love this phone. My aunt and uncle also got one because of its nice large screen with excellent longevity. If battery life + 4G LTE are your top priorities, this is it.

I have owned the HTC 7  Nokia N-8 Motoral droid X Droid X2 S2 S3 S4 NOTE 1 AND 2) THIS IS MY SECOND HUAWEI PHONE I GOT TIRED OF THE GALAXY PHONES WANTED THE MATE 1 BUT NO LTE OR 4G!!! REVIEW SO FAR WELL BUILT NICE CLEAR SCREEN 720P GOOD QUALITY SPEAKER GOOD AND CLEAR COMING FROM YEARS OF TOUCH WIZ I GOT TO GET USE TO HUAWEI UT BATTERY LIFE GREAT PICTURES GOOD TO GREAT FRONT CAMERA GOOD IMAGING 4G LTE ON TMOBILE NETWORK IS AMAZINGLY FAST MY CARRIER IS METRO PCS WITH IS THE TMOBILE NETWORK IF U DON'T KNOW BY NOW THIS PHONE FOR $299 UNLOCKED 4G LTE TMOBILE OR AT@T WITH A 6.1 inch screen IS A GOOD DEAL WHEN COMPARED AGAINST OTHER PHABLETS!!!  THIS SHOULD BE A GAME CHANGER FOR HUAWEI IF THEY ROLL THE DICE RIGHT WITH THERE OTHER FLAGSHIP PHONES IF THEY WANT A PEACE OF THE PIE IN THE AMERICAN SMARTPHONE WARS

I am using the phone for one week now and am delighted with it's looks, build quality, performance, screen clarity and battery life.I have the bundle with the flip case included and the combination is great value for money. I wish the headphones and OTG cable was included too then I would have awarded it 6 stars :-)My other phone is a Lenovo S860 which also has similar specs - though that has a smaller 5.3&#34; screen and is not 4g but has dual SIM with an aluminum unibody case.The Lenovo has a slightly louder speaker and ear piece. It is a head to head on all the other specs except for 4g of course.I shall keep both devices for now and use the Huawei for content consumption e.g. browsing and videos etc and the Lenovo for voice calling and emails.This is a great phone. If you are in the market for a 6 inch screen device, don't hesitate - just get one!

This phone is huge. I like it's a huge upgrade from my last phone. Had doubts about Huawei, those no longer exist.On a side note:Someone had opened the package and the item prior to me receiving it. The package was torn open and the tamper proof tape had been removed from the items box. It seems everything is still here and the phone works.

I really like this big phone.  It makes viewing web and email so much better.  All of my apps installed with no problems and are working very well.  My old phone is a Nexus 4, and this phone feels just as snappy.  I did install a different launcher because I'm so used to the Android one.  I have small hands and yet it feels good in my hand  (can't do one handed stuff, but never did anyway).  The case that came with it is also quite nice.  It replaces the back cover so phone not slippery.  I don't do a lot of pictures so won't comment on the cameras.  Definitely a keeper.  Really like the big display for reading also.

BE CAREFUL.  I wouldn't buy anything from Huawei.  Huawei quality has historically been poor.  If you buy this, you will be returning it quickly.  Buyer beware!

Look, this phone does not have flagship specs, OK?  It does not have a super-duper hi-res screen.  It does not have the latest Snapdragon processor.  It does not have as much RAM as some other phones out there.  It is probably not going to get many updates (although two separate Huawei reps have told me that it will get a KitKat update in a month or so, but do not expect L).  It is so, so very large - when you first pick it up out of the box, you may think you've made a horrible mistake.  When you fire it up, you'll find the Emotion UI is...not good.Now that we've got that out of the way, this is a great phone.  It is big.  I will repeat that because it bears repeating:  IT IS BIG.  It is comfortably pocketable if you wear loose clothing, though I would think it would not be in skinny jeans.  I have large hands, so I can do some tasks on it one-handed, but most people will need to use two hands to do pretty much anything and you won't want to take it jogging.  It looks and feels solid in hand with a nice rubberized backing that provides a much needed grip on a phone this size (NOTE:  this is not the case for the white version, which has a glossy back).  The wonderfully large screen (which many will lament because it's only 720p) is sharp, bright, and vibrant.  I've yet to encounter any instances of noticeable pixels. Videos and pictures look great.  I've found that most people who complain about the screen have never actually seen it in person.I gave Emotion UI a shot, but it has some pretty annoying shortcomings (no app drawer, a delay in returning to the home screen after closing an app that is in a folder, the text labels for apps wrap awkwardly if it was too long, certain widgets are not sized properly to take advantage of the screen).  These are eliminated with the use of a launcher - I used Nova and would recommend it.  The phone is snappy, and I haven't had any programs crash or even experience any delays in opening or closing apps.  Phone calls sound crisp, clear, and plenty loud.  In using the speakerphone, I actually needed to turn it down because max volume was, in contrast to every other mobile phone I've used, much louder than I expected.  Music from the speaker and through headphones are louder than expected as well.  The camera is decent.  I took pretty clear pictures of my kids on moving carnival rides.  The interface is simple, so you're not going to spend all day fiddling with it to get a shot off.  The front facing camera features a countdown and a reminder to look at the camera lens and not the screen, which I thought was nice.Now the battery.  OOOOH LAWD that battery.  This right here is the reason you buy this phone.  If you're tired of having to look for a power source or carrying an extra battery (or something along those lines) to get through the day, you will love this phone.  I activated the phone on a Wednesday evening and charged it overnight.  I didn't need to plug it in until Saturday night.  It lasted 64 hours with over seven hours of screen-on-time.  That was with auto-brightness turned on, and using &#34;Normal&#34; power saving mode (the least of the three power saving modes) until I hit 10%.  This battery will not leave you hanging.In summary, for $299, this is a solid value.  I'd give it 5-stars if it was great out of the box.  But it needs a new launcher to overcome some glaring software issues.

Love this phone. I have always been a HTC and samsung user. This is by far the biggest most Crystal clear phone I've ever came across. Ive had it 24hrs now and cant be happier. I have small hands and the phone feels fine in it.I've tried the Nokia 920 and it was harder to hold in my hand. The back of this phone feels just like how the galaxy s2 felt.durable plastic that if u drop it the case won't pop off. Video is clear,searching and adding apps is a breeze. I'm a music lover and the volume is decent can't complain u can hear every beat and instrument playing. Using it with one hand is doable but feels more comfortable with both. I love this phone and wouldn't trade it for anything on the market right now. after lookin high and low for a decent Sony phone that had great battery life I must say I haven't even charged this yet. And I've been playing games and on YouTube none stop. AMAZInG phone. Get one you won't regret it.

07/10/2014. I bought this for my wife to replace her Pantech P8010, which died. We've only had the Huawei phone for a few hours. So far, she loves it. The screen size looks quite large, but my wife handles it okay. No problems. The screen looks just great to me. Images are sharp and crisp. The colors are nice. The speaker is nice and loud, which comes in handy in noisy cars, supermarkets, etc. The battery is quite large, and we are waiting to see how long the phone can go before recharging. My wife uses her phone a lot. Her old Pantech phone was hooked up with StraightTalk. I had absolutely no trouble removing the SIM card and SD card and installing them in the Huawei. I set up the APN exactly the way it was in the Pantech. That took maybe 3 or 4 minutes. I restarted the phone and it worked the first time. I made a test phone call and and connected to my WIFI. Everything works great. I will update this review later.

Great phablet. It shipped with a screen protector installed. Use the official website to buy it instead of amazon.

I have been using this phone for 2 weeks now. The quick review is that it is a great buy for the price.I was waiting around for an invite to get the Oneplus One but bought this instead. Yesterday, I got an invite for the One and was thinking to buy it for my wife but am buying a second Ascent Mate2 instead. I got a bit freaked about the yellow screen issue with the One and I guess that stupid forum and the Oneplus company tactics kind of wore me down too much. Anyways, this phone covers all my needs and more at a very fair price and that makes me a happy customer! So I just ordered a second one for my wife.I would also recommend the Trident Case Cyclops for it.

This is a great phone with excellent build quailty.  If you are looking to buy this phone but can't decide yet.... Get it! For $300 it is no brainer.

Great device

Got this phone over a week ago and I am loving it!! I was afraid I may not like the BIG screen, but I was wrong. I enjoy the large screen while reading emails and streaming videos. Though with a lower resolution screen (720p) the display is very clear and satisfying. Speaking of streaming videos, I've had bad experience with unlock phones not able to get internet connections, but right after I pop-in my T-mobile SIM card, the 4G LTE service came right up and I was able to surf the internet with no issues so far. It also came to my surprise that the black Mate 2 came with a different texture back cover, which helps reduce the appearance of finger prints and keep the phone looking clean even without a cell phone cover.Saving the BEST for last, the battery life on this phone is AMAZING!!! The most annoying situation most name brand phones have is that it runs out of power so fast!! I usually carry a back up battery charger, have two car chargers in the car and a wall charger everywhere I go. BUT then, I got this phone and the battery will stay alive for 2 FULL DAYS if not 3 days, while I still surf the net, watch YouTube videos, play games etc. all day. I do not have to worry about the phone going out of battery during the day and I would say this is what I love most about this phone.I've also heard that this phone has a reverse charge function, which is what I am going to try out next. This is a function where I can charge my friend's phone with my MATE2 if it's running out of battery. How cool is that?

I first learned about the Huawei Ascend Mate2 when I decided that I didnt want to be under contract anymore. I have come to not like contracts and wanted to be free from Verizon and move to T-mobile, all the while saving $600/year. After weeks of research and comparison I saw that $300 for a phone with these specs would be an incredible deal were it to hold to its claims. My most recent phone was a Galaxy SIII, which will be the reference/comparison point. I am not by any means a professional (or even semi-professional) writer/journalist/reviewer, but as a foreword I know not to review something after only using for 20 minutes and raving about how great it is, riding the wave of euphoria after making a big purchase on a cool tech gadget.Screen - 10/10The screen is bright; colors are great. There's really no way around it but to say that on a day to day usage level I havent noticed any less screen quality watching video or looking at pictures.Hardware - 10/10The phone isnt that light, but I was expecting something a little heavier due to the increased overall size. Its not cumbersome and fits into pretty much all of my pockets. If I am in a scenario where I am using the phone for a prolonged period of time I am most likely just going to sit down with the phone in my lap, sidestepping a possible issue of phone weight. Honestly the phone is large enough where I dont have to hold the phone as close to watch videos on it. So far the call quality is no different from the GSIII on Verizon, as is the overall build quality.Battery - This one goes to 11The answer is yes. Whatever you need the phone to do it will have enough battery for it. I have so far gone almost 2 days in between charging and it is wonderful. Text, call, watch, play to your hearts content. No worrying about battery drain or being caught off guard with a low battery alert. I cant even imagine how long this phone can stay on when they start making extended battery cases for it.Speed -So far my speed tests are netting ~10mbps on average.Graphics - IncompleteI never really used my phones for gaming so I cant add anything here.OS - 10/10This phone uses Android. Really, the only thing different is that it doesnt have a standard app drawer. Instead you combine apps into &#34;folders&#34;. This isnt an issue, just a difference in comparison to the GSIII. I dont really notice a difference in how things are layed out and everything is smooth as any other.No real cons with this phone, only speculation. Will Huawei impress people with longevity as well as battery size and screen size? Will they continue to update this phones OS? Will they stamp out their own share of the crowded cell phone market?
