
Buy it or the phone, not the extras.

Whether or not the Moto E is right for you depends on what your expectations are. Considering that one of the most compelling features of the Moto E is its promise of a good Android experience at a modest price, it shouldn't be surprising that the Moto E does not compete on processing performance or feature set. Instead, the Moto E offers a limited but highly functional smartphone experience, backed by a relatively good display and outstanding battery life. There isn't much of a contest if you pit it against modern flagship smartphones (or even the Moto G, for that matter). However, when you compare it to feature phones, older smartphones, or even similarly priced smartphones such as the Redmi from Xiaomi, the Moto E simply shines.I initially bought the Moto E to replace an aging but unlocked LG GU295 feature phone that I used while travelling abroad ~ it was once a reliable companion but time has not been kind to it. My initial draw to the Moto E was its low price and familiar interface ~ I use a Nexus 4 which runs Stock Android, and the Moto E was instantly familiar. Performance-wise, while the Nexus 4 is noticeably faster, it turned out that the Moto E was not as big of a laggard as its benchmark results might have suggested; I was able to run all of my productivity and media apps just fine: MXPlayer, Chrome, Maps, Spotify, Shazam, Line, Facebook, Exchange email, Gmail, Facebook Messenger, Dropbox, etc. I don't really play games on my phone (I have a gaming PC for that...) so I can't really comment on the gaming experience.Just for kicks, I switched from my Nexus 4 to the Moto E for three weeks ~ and to be honest, besides the lack of an LED flash (which I use as a flashlight rather often) and autofocus on the back camera (I couldn't scan several QR codes), I didn't miss my Nexus all that much and I was very pleasantly surprised by the Moto E's battery life ~ while my Nexus sometimes struggles to even survive a workday, the Moto E went through 2 whole days on a single charge.While phones like Xiaomi's Redmi might offer higher specs for less, at the least the example I played with was already using an older version of Android and I found that it was more prone to hanging up. The Moto E isn't particularly speedy but it does run most Android apps well enough, though you can't get too carried away since the 4GB of space gets used up rather quickly. Overall, the Moto E has been rock solid and I believe that it delivers a good value proposition.Pros:1) Awesome battery life for a smart phone. It will go all day and all night with moderate use. With light use, it will last 2-3 days.2) Voice call quality and cellular reception are both very good. Headphone output quality is decent. (Significantly better than the Nexus 4 ~ sound is richer and fuller)3) Moto E runs close-to-stock Android 4.4.2 and it feels relatively fast, fluid, and stable. It got the 4.4.3 update a day after my Nexus 4.4) Snapdragon 200 SoC is adequate for most tasks including playing back HD movie files through MX player.5) The screen quality and Gorilla Glass covering is quite good for the class. The Nexus 4's screen is significantly sharper than the Moto E's but the Moto E resists fingerprints much better.Cons:1) 4GB of internal storage, only 2.2GB available. Not all apps can be installed/moved to external SD card using the built-in utility. You can manually move some apps from the phone's virtual SD card to external storage using a file manager.2) The rear camera lacks autofocus and may fail to capture smallish things like QR codes, bar codes, etc. Dynamic range is also rather poor though HDR mode helps a bit.3) There is no flash, so you don't get flashlight functionality.4) No magnetic compass means you won't get heading information while standing still, negatively impacting Navigation. Google maps will assume you're always facing North.5) No USB OTG, Slimport, or Miracast support.Notes:1) The Moto E will sink up to 1.2A in AC charging mode, but the included AC adapter is only rated for 550mA. Charging is measurable faster when I use a 5V 1A adapter. The Moto E supports CDP charging mode, so on supported machines, you can do both data sync and rapid charging.2) The Moto E uses Micro SIM cards, and SIM insertion/removal is completely tool-less. From my experience, even in places that only have full-size standard SIM's, you can often find someone to cut the SIM card down to size.

went beyond my expectations!

Sadly it is a nice phone with software problems.  I have ordered and returned two of them because the earpiece sound did not work. You could make calls but no one could hear you and you  could not hear them.Motorola had no fix even though it is frequently discussed in their forums.It is a bit sad. Do not buy this phone. ..

fast and seems great ,for the price,resolution great and does not bog down.

I've only played with the phone a bit (bought it as a gift for a family member), so this isn't a comprehensive review, but here's my verdict: the touch interface is responsive, the screen resolution is acceptable, Google Maps runs well, voice search/text is on par with the latest phones, and the phone feels solidly built.  I have no input on battery life or durability at this point, but I have little doubt my family member will find this to be an impressive, if not completely adequate, first smartphone. (This is a three- or four-star phone overall, and there are much better phones out there, but I think this phone deserves a five-star rating for its value for the money.)

The advantage comes from its weakness.The screen size is tiny, and the processor is not of 2014 speed. However, smaller screen and slower processor consume less power. The battery keeps going and going.I'm currently traveling in Beijing, a huge city with its spiderweb of public transit system.  Moto E's battery supplies the GPS and mapping tool for me all day long.  It's global GSM frequency support is also crucial for me.  However, passengers on the subway use smartphones whose screens twice as big as Moto E's.I would definitely recommend this phone to female world travelers.  It fits their palms, and has the rounded corners a female would like, and has enough battery juice to get the job done.  For male world travelers, we need a 5.0+ inch screen phone with the same battery performance and maybe priced ~200.  Moto please make one.

Delivered on time, works exactly as advertised, all purchases should go this well!

Very good and convenient from the point of view price vs. Quality. 4 nucleos and LTE technology. Excelente screen. The bad sude is the photo camera.

I like this phone but I returned. I bought this phone because it's description said work with AT&T, but it didn't mention for micro SIM card only. When I received the phone and find out it cannot fit my standard SIM card.

Awesome phone for the price. Bought it for my grandmother and loaded BIG Launcher onto it.Phone is missing some features, but has everything she needs and is very good build quality.Also doesn't come with any of the bloatware found on other Android devices.

This works well for this price.  As many reviews indicate, the camera is bad.

My first smart phone. It is easy to use. I would have liked an instruction book, but I am learning to use it without any problem.

Very good for the price. Requires additional memory to avoid saturating the internal small memory. Camera very basic and of mediocre quality, but in my case not required.Already updated to Android 4.4.3.Best unit for my wife with very little technical experience, installed BIG launcher, very happy with it.

It works good but signal seem not strong like IPhone in some location.

Works well for all features and current android apps, running without crashes. Low and affordable price make this the most cost effective option on the market of smartphones.

When the Moto G came out, it provided killer specs for a low price, and there was (and still there is not) no competition from other vendors in providing "best bang for the buck" phone. With release of Moto E, it's clear that company is trying to ride Moto G hype, and selling us cheaper phone for greater price than competitors.The phones with similar specs as Moto E from other vendors, cost around $99. Right now, CHINESE LENOVO (Motorola is no longer an U.S. company, Google sold it to lenovo, nothing personal, just business) is offering us product, equivalent of which can be obtained cheaper from other CHINESE suppliers!Bottom line:Go for Moto G, while supplies last.UPDATE:For the price of Moto E, you can get a phone similar to Moto G!LG Nitro HD LG-P930 AT&T; 4G LTE Unlocked Cell Phone No Warranty - AT&T; Logos [AT

bought this phone to replace my tired old phone that my wife and i had. just know it takes micro sd cards and micro sim cards.so far so good easy to use

Great telephone !!

Smaller than expected.Good battery.Got the latest kitkat update as soon as it powered on.New ART execution env works.Unlocked.Amazon warehouse like new quality.Very pleased.

Its great for the price.Screen: Very sharpPerformance : Overall very responsive and fast. Stutters once in a while when you have demanding apps running in the background, but that is acceptable given the specs. I have Nova launcher, bunch of custom notification processes, push email, google sync running at the same time. It stutters only when i have a bunch of apps open as well. So i would say, its great.Camera: Fixed focus. Very basic. You did not buy this for its camera. So dont worry abt it.Build: Solid feel. A little heavy but completely acceptable

We need a phone to use while we are travelling abroad and this is just a perfect phone for that purpose - great android platform and apps to leverage.  I think the only thing I would like to see better is camera (not that what it has bad but can use a better quality with flash).  I also may give this as a gift to few people to get them on a smartphone platform.

Moto E is a really nice smartphone. It's my 1st Android phone and was easy to adapt compare to iPhones.Low points are: no front facing camera, below average pictures and low internal memory of 4 gb.But overall is quite a good phone for daily use of social medias and phone calls.

After going to all operators in Seattle downtown looking for a Smartphone running Android for a good price, I found nothing. This new Moto E I found online is really good and for an excellent price!For the first time I can recommend getting something other than iPhone. iPhones are just too expensive. Previous versions of Android have been painful to use, but it keeps getting better with every release.This Motorola works really fast, it's unlocked to any operator (SIM card not included), and it is running the latest version of Android and the screen resolution is beautiful.

When I saw the price, I just had to buy it. :)When I put it in my hand, I was excited of how it fits in my hand. It is very comfortable.Screen is good enough, it's protected by Gorilla Glass. I think, I can use it for two years. (yes, I believe it)Actually, I didn't find any cons in this phone. Android running fast, it fits in my hand perfetly and, of course, it calls.I think, it's the best phone for this money. So if you can't afford one from this year flagships or you don't want to buy them - this is a great choice for you.

Works perfectly as described. It's a perfect entry level phone.

Nice phone for the price, I'm happy!

The phone arrived before the promised date. As soon as I got it, put a Mexico's carrier SIM and worked like a charm, didn't have to call the mobile company and was able to make calls and surf the internet.

It covered all my expectations. Nice!

Very happy with my purchase...exceeded my expectations.

I'm very surprised by how speedy this little guy is.  I'm able to accomplish most tasks with little trouble.  I just pulled it out of the box about six hours ago, so I can't comment on battery life much.  So far it seems to be on par with my Moto X.The build quality of the phone is pretty great.  Only thing that I wish was changed a little bit were how the buttons feel.  They aren't wobbly thankfully, but they feel a little mushy.  You don't get a satisfying click when you press them down.This phone's bootloader is unlockable through Motorola's developer portal, so this makes a great toy for those who like to tinker.Contrary to the official specs, this phone will work with 64 gig micro SD cards.  YMMV, but I was able to pop it in and it worked immediately.  I consider myself a power user and find that, between external and internal storage, I'm able to comfortably install every app I'd normally use.Keep in mind this phone is missing these features:  Front facing camera, NFC, LED flash on the backIf you can deal with those missing perks, I can recommend this phone to most anyone that doesn't mind not having top of the line gear.

just got this phone and its really annoying.when you make a call it has a big area of contacts you call often that you will hit on accidentand if you try to clear that area it wont clear the last call made or received with no way to stop it from doing that.So much preloaded spyware from Google it will make your eyes roll out of your head.GOOGLE/chrome/drive/g mail/partner setup/play books/play movies/play music/newsstand/play services/store search/Market Feedback Agent??? the list goes on and on, three days of turning things off and you will still find something tracking you.2.21Gb of useless software and 2.05Gb of storage space......last few days just leaving this clunky, self dialing phone at home.

Didnt have &#34;Proxemity Sensor&#34; , at first Motorola told me it was a factory defect in the Phone , so I returned it to & Amazon sent me another one . But the same problem existed in the 2nd Phone as well !

I tried to like it I really did. The screen is gorgeous as is the phone. However it dropped my wifi connection way too many times it became frustrating. I would continually have to disconnect wifi and reconnect to get internet. I've had Android before and one thing about android, you can always count on bugs. Also with only 4gb internal memory you are going to have to constantly move apps to the SD card. Camera sucks as others have stated. The back feels loose after you take it off and put a sim and SD card in it which makes it feel a bit cheap. Put a case on it will take care of the problem.I'm going to stick with my trusty Nokia 520 I got for $50 last Thanksgiving. While the screen is not nearly as good as this one and lacks some apps, the new 8.1 update has given it many features that I happen to love including Wifi Sense, Mix radio (offline mixes) a way better camera, Cortana and others. Oh yeah 4g too. And now that I've had it 6 months i got it unlocked for free. Only wish the screen was as good as this one.I'm sending it back.

I bought this phone to use as an MP3 player to use when running and it has performed this task well. I have been shocked at how well the phone performs for the budget price. It feels much snappier than my stock AT&T; Galaxy S4. It can't match the pure power of a flagship phone but if you can deal with a sub par camera and lack of LTE, there is no reason to not love this phone.As I normally use a 5&#34; inch screen I would be hesitant to recommend this phone as a primary entertainment device, but as far as standard everyday use compared to price, the Moto E's only real competitor the Moto G. You can spend a little more and get a similar device with better specs and a bigger screen or you can buy the Moto E and be perfectly happy with it.Again I can't recommend this phone enough to anyone on a tight budget or that would like a phone to use as a running mate. You can decide for yourself if the sub $150 market is where you're looking, or if this is enough screen space or speed for you, but you just can't go wrong with a Moto E. You will not be disappointed in this phone.

I bought this phone because I wanted a smartphone but didn't want to pay an arm and a leg for the latest and greatest. This phone fits the bill it has a large ~4in screen that is sharp and bright enough for me. The battery lasts a long time with moderate use during the day. The almost stock android interface is great, (I have a bias against touchwiz), and it runs fast even when handling multiple applications. This phone isn't chunky in your hand, in my opinion, and I love the colorful matte finish shells you can replace the back with to personalize it. The only downside to this phone is that internal storage is only 4gb, which isn't much and though you can bring it up to 32gb with a SD card not all apps can be moved to it. Overall great phone for the price and I would recommend buying it if you want a starter smartphone.

If you are on a budget and looking for a basic smartphone to chat, email, text, and surf the web; the Moto E is the perfect phone. The Moto E also works well with Netflix.

Bought this as a gift for my wife (her first smartphone) and she is really enjoying it.  With the new way they do phone plans these days it made it really difficult to purchase a $650 phone if we didn't have to.  This was a perfect substitute.  Got it for $130, but it doesn't feel like a cheapo phone.  It works much better than we expected and seems to be holding up really well (especially considering we have three little ones that never fail to find our phones no matter how well we hide them).The only negative is the camera.  It takes some decent pictures with good lighting and little movement, but we knew this going into the purchase and it is enough for our purposes.If you need a smartphone that feels high end, but don't want to pay the high end prices, then I recommend this one.

Cool !!!111

I am extremely happy with my Moto E.  This phone does everything I want and does them well.Things I was looking for in a new phone:-Fits comfortably in pocket-Runs the latest version of android-Has the capacity to hold all of my music and CoPilot offline GPS app-Sturdy build that I could use for several yearsI researched for several months and had a lot of trouble finding a phone that had everything I was looking for.  Wanting a small phone was the biggest obstacle I found.  Initially I had written off 4.3 inch screens thinking the phone would be too big but this one is only about 1/4" taller and about the same width and thickness as an Iphone 3gs.  That being said it fits VERY comfortably in my pocket.Also, after researching online a bit I saw that a few people have noted that a 64gb micro sd card works just fine in the Moto E.  I took a chance and bought this one from amazon:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009QZH6JS/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Once I went into the settings/storage/mount sd card and allowed it to format I had 59.36gb to store my music!  I have it over halfway full now with music and apps and videos and it is working perfectly.My only gripe is that, as others have noted, the back cover of the phone (the part you can change for other colors) has a little bit of wiggle room.  It does not by any means feel like it is going to fall off it is just worth noting.

130$ is so cool for this thing and android 433. But back soft tuch plastic panel easy to smudge. I'm happy

This is a nice phone. I loved my old motorola, but after a few years of abuse, it was time to upgrade to something new. I use a no-contract service (Cricket) so I buy my own phones. This was a good choice.It runs on KitKat and is quick and responsive. I use a fitbit tracker and like the lte bluetooth. I use mapmyworkout apps and the phone handles this and amazon music player with no worries. I am a teacher and I have found the catalog of teaching apps work fine as well.There is no forward camera - big deal. I am not a 14 year old girl so I don't see a need for facetime chat or whatever. There is no flash for the rear camera - again not a huge deal. I took a couple of photos in low light of my pooch and they came out fine for my purposes. You control the camera using the screen, swiping up and down to zoom. Took a bit of practice but the system makes sense. The camera is no big shakes but it is perfectly good for snapping cute pictures of the dog for mysnapinstafacegram.com or whatever social media platform you prefer.It's comfortable to hold and the display is sharp and responsive. The speakers are fine but when I listen to music, I usually use earbuds. The audio processors work quite nicely paired with a decent pair of buds or headphones. I ordered some bluetooth headphones - it will be interesting to see how they sound.Battery life is good. I ran errands all day yesterday, and took my morning and evening jobs as well a a leisurely walk with the dog. I had the bluetooth running the entire day and while on my runs and walks, had amazon music and map my fitness going as well. I also had the gps on all day. the battery was still good at the end of the day. That's nice.The battery is internal and not user replaceable. I hope it lasts a long time or motorola replaces them at a reasonable cost.Call reliability. Clear and clean signal around town and on the beach. My service uses the ATT wireless network and I am getting good signal. And that, my friends, is what a phone is for.A very reasonable price for an excellent product. Does it have the latest bells and whistles? Nope. Is it cutting edge? Naah. Did Motorola make this phone to be these things? Not at all. This is a solid phone with excellent features for a very, very reasonable price.

Good for basic use! I bought it for my daughter. You should pay SD card to extand the memory and have more apps, it comes only with 4GB.

Bought this as as replacement phone for my 14 year old daughter.  While inexpensive it performs well and she loves it.

Very usefull smartphone for very small money. Great for the first experiense for the kid.

Goods run smoothly without any problems the customer service attitude is also very good in short, is a perfect shopping next will continue to patronize

Buy it to be used in Venezuela, been 2 days with it, and so far so good, it's just alittle thicker that i liked to be, but it's flowy, pics aren't amazing, but they are really good with good lightning, nice color, stilish look, beutiful colors, i'm satisfied  so far :)

Is a very good product, very fast the battery is very eficient good job motorola..

very good phone. User friendly. Needed a phone for Europe trip. This one came through. battery gets drained in a day though even with average daily use. Recommend it nevertheless.

I purchased this phone to send to a relative overseas, but had a chance to test it for a day or so.Its hard to imagine any other phone at this price delivering a better user experience. The screen is vivid, bright, and quite sharp. The build quality is excellent. The back of the phone has a smooth, grippy feel usually found on more premium phones. The screen size is a little on the small side but has the advantage of being easy to use with one hand. The software and user experience is where this phone really shines. I prefer to use the pure android kitkat OS running on this MOTO E than a top of the lung Samsung or LG phone running a heavily customized skin of android full of carrier bloat apps. This phone handles typical smartphone functions like email, calendar, facebook, social media, and streaming media very smoothly. Google maps and google now ran smoothly.  The battery life seemed quite good, but I didn't use it long enough to make a fair assessment.As mentioned by other reviewers, the only major drawback I find to this phone is the camera. I don't mind the lack of a front facing camera, but the lack of flash and the poor quality of the rear facing camera is what would keep me from using this as my daily phone. If capturing important moments with your phone camera is important to you, the consider paying the $50 or so dollars more to jump up to the Moto G which at least offers a flash.If you're strapped for cash or don't plan on using the camera frequently, than this is a solid option. However, given that the Moto G can be had for $50 more, I feel that the Moto G offers essentially a no-compromise user experience and would be worth the investment for most users. Either way you spin it, you're still paying a fraction of the cost of a premium handset on contract.

I HATED IT & RETURNED IT Because...Poor voice reception on T-Mobile in metro Orlando; non-adjustable crippled ascending ring; NO CAMERA FLASH; NO AUTO-FOCUS CAMERA; short battery life; not a good value even for a starter phone at this price point.Motorola designed this feature-crippled cheapie cell phone for emerging markets like India and that's where it should stay...NOT really appropriate for the U.S. market.

I use this with Straight Talk, awesome phone for the price.  Was a huge upgrade from my old Samsung Galaxy Precedent.  Highly recommend buying a case to go with it.  The first day I had it and dropped it in a parking lot and chipped the edge of the screen.  Micro sim card for those that are wondering.

Excelent &iacute;tem

Bought used from Amazon Warehouse Deals but SIM card reader did not function. DO NOT BUY USED. It's not worth trying to save $10. That said, i did get a full refund so what can i say. Im buying new now ill post here with results..

it is my first andriod phone and will be used when travel, the battery life is better than iphone but the ring sound is not loud enough. based on the price it works ok

Good price!

Simple to use.

Very good smartphone and very ship ^^

IT IS A GOOD PHONE BUT I HAVE NO IDEA WHY THESE PHONES COME WITH MICRO SIM CARDS..... THIS MAKES IT VERY DIFFICULT TO TRANSFER CONTACTS FROM OLDER PHONES......I STILL DON'T HAVE MY CONTACTS IN MY NEW PHONE BECAUSE I AM DOING IT &#34;ONE BY ONE&#34;MOTOROLA AND GOOGLE ARE SO SMART THAT THEY FORGET TO THINK OF THE USER

Excellent device, very fast, smart, great touch and colors. Contains all the features that modern smartphone needs.Very cute design.

excellent cell phone works great I definitely recommend this  cell phoneand if Yo don't want to spend too much and want a decent smart phone this one is OK

Great phone, just what I need, the best price/quality experience, one of the best choice when starting with a new smartphone

I LOVE THIS PHONE, it does everything I want and more. I haven't even figured out some of it.

Phone Economic, beautiful screen, fast, 4.4.2 Stock, MircroSD Slot, Is a good choice.No flash, but, a aceptable cameraRecommended product, great quality

This wonderful unlocked Moto E Phone I am delighted with as for the low price that I paid, it has far surpassed my expectations in a smartphone! Since I own a HUGE five inch Samsung Galaxy Grand, this phone I find just perfect for travel and it is so easy to hold due to the curved back. For you the reader, my goal here is to give you everyday and practical uses regarding this phone.PROS:+ Battery Life - Simply AMAZING - the absolute best battery life of any smartphone or tablet that I have owned! Since this phone does NOT come with lots of bloatware and useless apps, this helps the memory to run better and the battery last longer! In fact, I have gotten a day and a half of battery use (I turn off WiFi when I am off the internet or email etc).  However, I run my brightness at 100%. So on an average day, I get at least a full day with about 20 percent left (sometimes more) and then I charge it overnight. *The very long battery life is what sold me on this phone. Too many times in the past with phones that have too many bells and whistles, the battery ran out so quickly. However, this phone lasts me all day until I go to bed when it goes back on it's charger!+ Built in slip proof anti slip (bumper) cover - In a sense, the slip proof cover is built into the phone and it so attractive and anti slip on the front and on the back, that I did not need to purchase an additional cover to start using the phone. However, I have my eye on a book style cover for this phone already!The back of this phone removes you you can change the color of the back part to a different color etc.+ Screen Resolution - AMAZING! The colors are vivid and the fonts, icons are very clear. Even though this is a smaller phone at 4.3 inch screen, when I view pages on the internet, the text is clear and pictures very clear and colorful!And the screen is so clear that I can read PDF books using Adobe Reader and see the pages without my glasses!+ KitKat / Pure Android Experience - Since this has the pure Android with no overlays over it, and just the essential apps installed, this is a leaner phone that uses much less memory and battery than the ones that have those overlays and are not straight Android! This means that KitKat OS runs better and faster also I have found. I know as I own two Samsung tablets with KitKat that I love, but they have bloatware on them, this phone does not). It received the Kit Kat update to 4.4.3 soon after I purchased this phone so it is very up to date and running very smoothly.+ WiFi Connecting/Speed of WiFi - The strongest WiFi yet of any phone that I have owned, and I really am serious! This phone has Very, very fast connect and it keeps the connect. In fact in the back of my home (the furthest from my router), I still get 4.5 bars of WiFi signal on this phone! This I tested using my home router and on the go at many hotspots with WiFi. Other hotspots: No problems at all connecting and staying connected on these. And I found the speed still high at home with several devices connected at the same time to the router, and there is no loss in speed.+ External SD Card Information - Since this phone has an external SD slot, I installed my 32GB SanDisk Micro Class 4 Micro SD card and it installed and has worked just fine on this Moto phone. Note that some people who own 32GB or higher SD cards with Class 10 have had their phones sometimes give them error message: SD Card unexpectedly removed. This is NOT the fault of the phone. As I have researched this extensively, my findings have stated that it because a smartphone or tablet reads a class 4 or Class 6 card better. However, just some people have this problem with a class 10 card, but for me, I stick with the class 4 SD card and have never encountered this problem on this phone or on any phone or tablet that I have used.+ Internet & Webpage & Video Viewing - The Chrome browser does a great job, however, I use Maxthon Browser with great internet viewing results and it renders webpages quite fast for me.+  Office Program with the phone - Found it to be OK, but I went to the Playstore and installed Docs to Go (which lets me edit, save, view in MS Office types and also view PDF files). There is also a MS Office App (free) in the Playstore.+ Music Player - This phone comes with Google Player installed and I like it OK. It does play music that is stored on my external SD card nicely and saves new Playlists OK (and Google Player also plays music from the Cloud). However, let me suggest Rocket Music Player (free) from the Playstore. I like it because my music is on my external SD card and it plays it in playlists or from my folders etc. I have already created my playlists on it and the sound from this player is superb!+ Home Videos - The stock video player is OK and plays MOST home videos, however, may I suggest QQ Player (Free App from Playstore and the ONLY one I recommend as it plays every home video I tried).+ Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.+ Peppy and fast - Found the response on this phone to be very peppy and fast, no lagging ever!CONS:- The new Adobe Flash is not supported, however, I found that archived flash (which I installed) gets some online videos to play. So I downloaded the older archived flash which gives me the ability to view many internet videos (I use Maxthon Browser and have had good results, however, I could not get Amazon videos to play).- No flash on the 5MP Camera. This is a lower end camera, I suggest that you use your regular camera for the best picture taking situations. However, to test this camera, I took several outdoor shots as well as a few indoor shots (in bright lighting) and to my amazement, the pictures looked OK, and good enough to email and keep, yet I will be taking my regular digital camera for more serious camera shots.-- Somewhat Low internal storage (but not a problem). The good news is that if an App has KitKat standard and it is newer updated app, then it can be move onto the External SD Card. I was able to move more than half of my installed apps so I still have 1.5GB left on my internal space!- No NFC and NO OTG - This phone will not work with an OTG Adapter with flash drive and other USB devices. This is not a problem as I use Dropbox for sending pictures, etc. No NFC (Near Field Communication) - I do not use this so this is not a problem for me.Bottom line: Would I buy this Moto E phone over again? Yes, I certainly would buy this phone again because it is easy to use, SUPERB battery life, as well as simple to operate. If you are looking for a easy to use and low cost Android smartphone that has really great battery life, let me suggest this phone to you. Also, since I am a techie person, I will be happy to answer any questions you may have through the comment section.

An Eco-affordable device, with global 3G coverage, perfect for global traveler.4G LTE phone can wait until the mature of the LTE / Advance build-out.Moto E is good enough for now with wifi Hotspot access to stay connected.

At $129, its practically disposable.Gone are the days of having get a terrible overseas smart phone with last decade's capabilities when you are on a budget. The Moto E may not be a top of the line phone, but it is fast enough and capable enough for a lot of users. Perfect for kids and older folk who may be looking to get their first smart phone.At this price point, there are no alternatives that even come close. If you have an extra $50, get the Moto G.

Being on a budget doesn't mean having something bad. It is actually quite good.Unless you are a power user who loves super quick instant phones, this will be more than enough. Opening and closing apps is snappy and smooth enough, and they show on the quite beautiful display. It is bright, and crisp enough for the average person.I love the micro Sd slot. It really gives you more memory freedom than most other phones, although it is kind of required in this case as the phone itself only has 4gb of memory.The speakers are loud enough, and the quality is ok.The camera is fast, but doesn't give good results, mediocre at best. But it is there and might come in handy now and then. I would have also liked a front facing camera for skype and stuff, but then again it's not a problem considering the price.The battery life is simply amazing. It lasts me all day no problem, wich is actually something many much more expensive phones fail to provide!The phone comes with a full charger, that means you will need another cable to connect it to your computer.Browsing is quite smooth, and fast on 3G, and the GPS works well.Phone is steardy, feels good in your hand (I love the dimple in the back), may seem a little small in terms of screen size, but it does it for me. I love being able to change the back!The phone never crashed, and didn't fail do acomplish what I desired. Great phone that does anything you need - but not only that, an amazing price. You can literally do almost everything here that you could (or at least anything useful) on a Galaxy S5 or a nexus 5 without costing a few times less.I mean who really needs an expensive fancy phone that's a little snappier or a better camera. For the price of an iPhone, you could buy in addition to the Moto E a good point and shoot camera, some sweet headphones, a watch and still have money to spare...I really love the product, it's my new companion that does everything I need, and I don't have to work a whole year to pay for it.

A back cover marriage, itself opens (((

This phone was more than I expected ! I have no complanes ! and I would absolutely reccoment it for everyone.Battery life is fantastic , it lasted me all day and night too!speakers are amazing !form factor is very solid and durableI love motorolas software implementation from Android.I love stock android !BUY THIS PHONE YOU WONT REGRET IT.

Excellent cellphone great android phone. Really fast! High reccomended!

I was very surprised by this motorola smartphone. A return to origins since almost 15 years ago my first mobile phone was a device from this company. I recently bought a nokia lumia 630 dual sim who took my partner and since then I needed a dual sim for me, I decided to search the motorola moto E. I loved the moto G too , but I was looking for something cheaper. And here it is: motorola moto E: no frills , responsive, immediate , Android stock interface and very good build quality. Managing the two sims and quality of calling is a piece of cake. The only cons: the memory on board is only 4 GB and not all applications can be moved on SD card . About the sd card put it before turning on the device otherwise does not make you move the app to SD card after powering on. According the downside I would say the camera, quite mediocre in comparison to nokia lumia 630 and no autofocus . However, overall a perfect device . The battery with 3G and wifi always on, with the two active sim , viber and whats app messages and the highest brightness level lasted me the whole day from morning to evening, with a more moderate use it is possible to get almost three days. At last I must say that the screen is really very nice and bright.

Overall, a fantastic phone for the money. A great entry level smartphone or backup phone for trips to the beach, camping, etc. where you'd not want to risk a more expensive device. The smaller size, rugged plastic housing, and Gorilla Glass screen make it ideal for someone that is looking for a functional smartphone that can take some rough handling.While the phone has 4GB of storage, only 2.2GB are user-accessible for loading applications and data (the remaining 1.8GB is occupied by the operating system and it's reserved storage.) The beauty of this phone is that it offers an microSD card slot, so by purchasing and installing a 32GB card (under $20) you can expand the storage to more than what more expensive phones offer.The sdcard can be used to store photos, music, and many larger applications can be moved to the sdcard to free up the internal storage.Cons:No NFC support.No front facing camera.No flash on rear camera.Rear camera lens is fixed-focus.Pros:Excellent performance, even with Battery Saver enabled.Screen is bright and crisp; auto-brightness functions well.Large, bright white notification LED.Exceptional all day (almost 2 days) battery life. Edit: First full charge cycle 100% to 15% lasted 1 day 16 hours, including 5 hours of screen on time.SD card slot for expanding storage capacity.Decent speaker volume and sound quality.Bootloader is easily unlocked :)

An Excelent Cellphone 100% Recommended

For several years I have carried Motorola V3 Razr Flip phone and it just never wore out. But it did not have the new features of a smartphone. So a close friend of mine showed me her new Moto E and showed me how it worked. So I decided to purchase one at my local store. The instructions that came with the phone were easy to use and in just a few minutes I had the phone up and running just fine.What I like about this phone:1 - It is much easier to learn than I thought it would be.2 - Phone is very responsive.3 - I like the Google Player Music Player--I use a newly purchased Bluetooth speaker and the songs really sound great!And I installed Amazon MP3 App from the Playstore which plays my music from the cloud when I am on WiFi or from my SD Card when I am off WiFi.4 - So far the battery life is very good even when I am on WiFi or Bluetooth.5 - Low cost phone that meets all my needs for a smartphone.6 - WiFi is easy to connect, is very strong and has a long range and stays connected without any problems. The WiFi still worked well in every room that I tried and even a very long distance from the router, it still had a very strong signal. And I walked outside with the phone quite a ways and the WiFi picked up OK.7 - Camera works OK and I took a few pictures and emailed them. The camera I found does an OK job for emailing or posting online. It is not as high quality as my digital camera. Still it is a much better phone camera than the one on the old Moto V3 Razr.8 - Bluetooth - I was able to connect my Bluetooth headset and Bluetooth speaker quickly and easily to this phone.So I recommend this phone to anyone wanting a low cost phone that has many features.

This phone is incredible responsive, for this great price is a pretty good deal but I have just one complaint, the rom memory to use install apps and games in the phone is too little, it advertises that it has 4 GB, but the real thing is that you just have 2.2 GB to download apps and games. It is the first phone I have and I didn't know the operating system and the default apps occupied the other 1.8 GB.It has a micro SD slot that supports a 32 GB SD card, but this space can be used just to save documents, photos, videos, etc. You cannot install a 1.4 GB game in this phone because it will leave no space to install other games or apps, I am very pleased with the performance, the camera, the possibility to add more space through a micros SD card to save photos and videos, but I would have been great if this phone had a little more ROM space.

The Moto E is really exceptional for the price.The Moto E feels a lot like its $350 older brother, the Moto X. This phone features the exact design as the Moto X, and feels great in the hands. Performance is amazing for this price! there is almost no evident latency. the biggest problem is the internal storage. 4GB is NO WHERE NEAR enough. really degrades the performance when a lot of the apps im used to using are too big to install...I have a youtube review, and an impression video.YouTube Channel: http://goo.gl/BsQpURImpression: http://goo.gl/U0huHwReview: http://goo.gl/MwidrC

After we investigated several phones my son settled on this one for his graduation. He has had it for a week and it works excellent.  It easily and quickly locates and connects to wireless internet and browses fast. The voice texting and such works very well. Takes really good pictures and videos.  If it lasts a long time has yet to be seen, but trusting it will.

I have my main phone (Samsung Note 2) which has all the bells and whistles I ever wanted but it tends to get bogged down by all the crappola-ware by Samsung.  The Moto E makes a perfect 2nd phone for business calls, calendar, email,...and GPS!  (cheaper and more versatile than my Garmin unit)....plus it's a little speed demon because it runs so clean.In a nutshell:Motorola Moto E  +  Simple Mobile SIM $40/mo unlimited = Unbeatable value.Those people who complain about the specs or lack of advanced features are just missing the point!

Missing a Forward facing camera.Screen is small compared to most.I have thrown everything at it, and it's still quick and responsive.  I have seen no issues running 3D applications, Linux chroots, remote connectivity, video... Only thing I can say is nothing has stopped nor bogged this phone down.Great price, great features, no carrier lock down, no bloat.

Have Used this Moto E for about a month in Korea, and found out Moto E is much better than expected..I'm using mostly basic functions of a phone, such as reading short stories, news articles and listening to internet radio under Wifi ..This is definitely a wonder-product for its extreme low price..Day 1, Moto E looked a littler too much simpler than Sony or Samsung's products out in the market, but is quite fast and smooth.. If you have used Google's pad before, it would be easier to get used to this phone, I mean the flow of buttons and icons you need to press.. Various free apps were available in android app store to customize the phone for my style.Surprising performance perhaps comes from its software and hardware optimized and also from not covering the basic android features with manufacturer's own user interface software's..Messages either short or long ones did not cause any problem when this phone connected to the operator network in Korea.. I was also satisfied with Amazon's quick delivery at the time of purchase..Overall, I am more than pleased with this product and ample information given by Amazon system before my buying decision..

I am a &#34;motoman&#34; as i put it because i had the old motorola MB300 cell phone but since that went bad had been using all sorts of cheap experimental phones. then i tried the Moto e . when it comes to a user friendly smartphone that gives you just about everything that google mobile and the android market offers this Moto e is the phone to buy. And for the price you cant beat it. the voice recognition is amazing. A few of my friends are switching from their smartphones which are far more expensive to this

Excellent mobile for as low cost, works great, I recommend the purchase, delivery was on time

I give that phone 5 stars because you get more than what you pay for ...Stable performance, good build quality and loud speaker ...the only drawback is the internal memory but in the end ..it's only 129.99$best phone in its category :)

It's a good $130 3G-only phone with an outdated processor. It's like buying a 2-year old phone that's being phased out (samsung S3 or the iPhone 4S)...only it's been repackaged/remarketed as &#34;new and for emerging markets&#34;.Overall I'm not a fan or against this phone. I had it and think it's good...for the right person.Who should buy it: If you need a cheaper unlocked phone for travel or need to buy your teenager an inexpensive smartphone.Who should not buy it: If you really want a $350 unlocked motoX or MotoG but think this is just as good. It isn't. The android updates will make your phone slower. The keyboard also won't disappear at times.

Great product, best value for money smartphone on the market

This is a great, inexpensive phone. Other reviewers complain of things that are missing, and I'll agree that a flash for the camera, a rear facing camera, and a larger internal SD card would be great. However, for the money I can't see beating this (date: July 2014).

i'm using it since two weeks, it's perfect for non intensive use

Great smartphone

It is a great bang for your buck. Though I hope it's successor can take better pictures and have more internal memory. Everything else is just what I need.

Good phone for the price and unlock to use with any phone company.  I bought three of these phones.  Thank you

can hardly tell the difference with the moto G. It works as a very basic stable phone. Strongly recommended if you are not a heavy user of apps

This is one of the best values in smartphones. There are lots of video reviews of this phone on YouTube. ATT has changed their policy on phone upgrades to require customers to essentially pay full price for phones. Either your service charges go up or you pay for the phone monthly in the NEXT program. As a result I began shopping for unlocked phones. Reviews for the Moto E were good and the price is a tremendous value. Since Motorola was recently owned by Google, it comes with the latest version of android and does not have any of the annoying add-ons that most phone companies put on their phones. While this phone does not have 4G LTE capability(The Moto G does have LTE) it performs very well and is an ideal phone for the average user. This was purchased to replace my wife's feature phone and she really likes it.Battery life is exceptional even when on wi-fi network. Recommend purchasing a 32gb micro sd card in order facilitate downloads of music, pics, etc.

Excelent phone.

This is my first smart phone so I really needed more printed instructions than came with the phone.  But with the help of the AT&T store personnel and my young neighbor, I am learning to use it and like it very much.

Fast shipping, great phone!

After playing with this phone for a while. I can say for certain that this is the best unlocked phone you can buy for $129. I will update the review as I get used to it.For starter, it is fast enough for most daily activities. more on that later...Some specs that most review are missing:Comes with a charging cable and power adapter but they are all one piece i.e., cable is attached to the adapter. If you need to plug it into PC then you need to get your own usb cable. Also on the downside, the adapter has a max rating of 550mA and is made in India which I wasn't expecting. The charger charges a bit slow which might be deliberately done to extend the battery life. I just plugged it into a different adapter and it is charging fast. Build quality of the phone is good and is just like Moto G if you have played around with it. Feels solid and it doesn't feel like the cheap Nokia 520 phone.Giving it 5 star due to its price and feature. If you are going to buy it then know its limitations!

Amazing little phone for the price.....But the only bad part is the 2gb limited internal storage on the phone..

First of all, this is a really cheap phone for the features it has. It's pretty fast, feels pretty sturdy but you can't expect a high-end phone for the price. It definitely meets my requirements as I'm not that much of a smartphone fan. I'd say that if you're a person who has a phone just for calling and a few apps it's definitely fine. However, don't misunderstand my review, it does a lot of other things and it does them pretty fine. However, if you are planning on getting this for gaming or taking pics this isn't the phone for you.PROS:-Feels well built in your hand.-Cheap-Fast-Up-to-date software-Responsive TouchscreenCONS:-A bit heavy-The camera sucks-Internal storage is really limited (despite the version you choose)Would I recommend it? Definitely! For this price this phone has no competitor.

This is a good phone for price...lot of features. Lacks front-facing camera so can't take selfie but solves the basic purpose. Quality product overall of the price. Good performance.

I owned a Moto G as soon as it was offered, and when the Moto E was released I didn't think twice before I ordered it. I bought two as gifts, it's one of the best value/quality phones in the market.

Just one thing makes love this phone so much. Long battery life. 6am to 10:33 with lots of usage. I play candy crush all the time, listened to 2 world cup games, talked for 4 hrs, play music via Bluetooth to and from work. Play more candy crush. The battery will just not due. Never seen a phone with so much efficiency.

Stellar phone for the price. To break it down:+ screen looks great+ great battery life, usually still have 50% left by the end of the day+ takes a 64GB SD card (sandisk - haven't tried other brands)+ good wifi and cell reception+ no noticible delays when running apps+ the mono-speaker gets pretty loud (though it's obviously still a phone speaker, so don't expect miracles)+ feels solid (doesn't feel cheap)- camera doesn't have autofocus.  I didn't think I would mind this, but it turns out that the chase quickdeposit app requires an autofocus camera- the headphone output is quieter than expected. it's fine for actual headphone use, but when I hook it up to my car I usually have to crank my car volume about 2-3x as loud as normal.+/- it runs kitkat.  that opens up a lot of the newest features, but it also means that you have limited use of your SD card.  You can google &#34;Kitkat SD card&#34; for more info, but it was something I didn't realize when I bought it.Of course it would be great if the phone had LTE, 4K screen, etc....but for the money it will be tough to beat.

For 129.00 can't be beat (unless the price dropped).  The screen is quite good and no "yellow" fading in low light scenarios. One thing is that  you NEED to use an SD Card from the START if you want to load a lot of applications.  If insert after the fact it will be hard to move the data/applications over. In fact the Camera/Video will continue to use the internal memory. I would recommend everyone get at least an 8GB SD card to avoid the hassle of factory resetting (because it's simply faster than editing config files and moving apps one at a time).Cons: Bad Camera (compared to high end phones)No LED flashNO LTE Data(I live on e-mail so no biggie).Small Internal Storage (buy and SD card even for 10.00 dollars..it will save you the headache)THIS WILL NOT WORK with T-Mobile 3G service.  Get the US version. If you are AT&T; and/or travel the world this will work. If you spend most of your time in the US and don't travel....get the US version (it works with ATT 3G as well but not overseas 3G).

I've taken a huge step up with this cell phone coming from a flip cell phone! This model is very impressive, so far I've had it a couple weeks and I'm very happy with it. I added a little bling with a charm and love the timer, and radio which I listen to with a mini speaker connected to it. I'm still learning to use it but I think it's a winner!

Best phone for the price

I like my phone but it doesn't tell you how much battery is left like my other phone  did there's a lot of things I like better about this phone then my old phone

As I said in the title, (I have no purchased this product) but, I honestly think you'd be better off just getting the Moto G for only $99. Moto G is bigger, faster and cheaper. But that is just my opinion.

Now the only grudge I would have against this phone is that it doesn't have a flash for the camera, and you can't insert your own mp3 files for some alert sounds and whatnot.  But from the amount of time I've had to use this phone, i'm pleased with it so far.  This is my first smartphone, so I guess I don't exactly know what to compare to.  However, I do know if a phone works or not.  One thing I definitely like about this phone is its micro SD compatibility.  The Moto G didn't have this option for some strange reason, and if your someone to store a lot of stuff on this phone, then you might want to go with this phone rather than the G version.  Now me personally I already had a 4 GB micro SD from my old phone, so that upgrade was free :D.  anyways, this phone is also a lot cheaper than the G, and in my opinion is a lot better.  This is me, so I don't know what others interests are, but I don't need a phone that can't fit in my pocket with some insane 4.5&#34; screen.  I like the more smaller phone, that is why this Moto E was the best choice for me.

the phone has a damaged pixel on the screen

I really like this phone.  I got only the 4gb version, but downloaded dooblou Wifi Free and ES File explorer so I have plenty of room.  Add my 2gb mini-sd card and there is plenty of room and plenty more to add on.  I am still waiting for a hard cover, because I am clumsy.  But this is a solid phone.  I would recommend it to anyone.  My wife has an Iphone.  This is my first real smart phone and I think it is great.  Keep up the good work Motorola.

Piece of crap.  They don't bother to tell you before you buy that the battery can't be replaced unless they do it; for that kind of fascism, I could have bought an iphone.  Also, out of the box the screen didn't work - there's a defect so that there's a line across the screen and some of the colors don't work. So I went online with their support for nearly an hour, and they treated this as a software problem when it's really a hardware problem. They eventually offered to replace it but I'm out of the USA and won't be back for a while; I specifically bought this phone b/c it's unlocked so that I can use it overseas. So for now I'm stuck with a phone with a defective screen.  When I asked them why I couldn't see my contacts that are on my SIM card from my old phone, they hung up on me. I then tried to move some music from my computer onto the phone. I moved it to the memory card I inserted in the phone, but when I went to play the music, the phone didn't know it was there. And when I plugged the phone back into my computer, the computer wouldn't recognize the phone. So I got to waste more time with someone who couldn't help me; after 15 minutes they gave me a phone number to call, so I got to wait on hold to talk to someone in southeast Asia.  After 21 minutes on hold, they hung up on me, and when I called back I was told that their offices were closed.  Seriously?  It's some guy in Bangalore where it's the middle of the night!Bottom line: piece of crap phone, with crappy support to boot. Don't waste your time or money.
